0	i wa expecting more from thisat cd . i pre-ordered it . but , returned it once i listened . yet , i expected more . i am a fan of her music .
1	tom scott continues his journey in music . not only doe his music continue to amaze u but , we become part of his journey . simply , amazing . this artist continues to be at the pinnacle of jazz . a an artist , he continues to evolve , thrive , and we are blessed by this . enjoy this piece of artwork and this wonderful artist .
1	happened to see her video of rise up on my facebook timeline . stunning . i went , listened to a few more song , then got the cd . a breath of fresh air . she ha a versatile and powerful voice . great lyric , great melody , and great instrumentation
0	so so
1	i love this song . the first time i heard it wa at radiate 2012 and wa incredibly moved by it . whether singing with a crowd or for praising god on your own this is a good buy .
1	i remember listening to this iconic song year ago . if i recall correctly , it wa one of the track on a promotional best of wild cd that came free with an early discman ( my father ) . it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently , when i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob . now it is my ringtone . fun stuff .
0	received wrong cd !
1	this song ha taken over my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner . this is the perfect album for me , because it ha praise , worship , prayer , and contemporary gospel music . it ha every type of style of christian music i like . when it come to prayer music , my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion . it ha two good praise song too awesome and good . my favorite worship related song is created to worship . he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do . i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert . i would definitely attend a william murphy concert , because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god . well , anyway , i also like the song let it rise . he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song . my favorite is i do not know why because i like neo-soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton . i like change and all day too . i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy . i hope they come out with an album , too . william murphy definitely can write some good song . i can not wait for his next album . i heard he signed up with sony . hopefully , thatll be a good or better .
0	my 3 year old grandson is obsessed with this song . he go crazy singing along when it on the radio or youtube . i wa told the pistol annies version wa the clean one . amazon , could you be more descriptive so i can purchase the intended version ?
1	this man is under r.kelly a one of the best r n b male artist who can take all his song and make you experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric , beat , and esp . his appearance . you go r n b hard tank !
1	sweet song and great lyric !
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music . i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this , but do so to prepare other fans- this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing . i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes , they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection . there are a couple of nice cut ( e.g . playground ) , but there is a lot of redundancy , repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated , and generally very somber and lifeless song . if you do not have metaphor or glaciation they are master work , buy those instead .
1	not his most favorite but love his music so it is a very good song to me
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until i started writing review for other purchase ! ugghhhh ! 17 other song this same comment . damn ! since i do not remember them i most likely do not have a copy of the original order , where it wa supposed to come from and too late to get the item or be refunded ! ugghhhh !
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494 , where is the playground , susie 1969 hit . the rest of the album is 1967-68 period album filler . for whatever inexplicable reason , capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy , capitol sw 11430 lp release . considering that gc monster song at the time , rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track , the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something ! anything ! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time .
0	this sound like two 12 year old trying to imitate gnr . please do not ever butcher good song by actually talented band like gnr ever again . you suck and this cover suck .
0	a a long-time fan , i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk-rock mix . this is simply not the case . it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd . doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore , or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder ? ! ? ! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song , but no . if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd , do not bother . if you are under 13 and female , you will just love it . i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ) . if/when she tour this year ( 2003 ) , i sure will not be in attendance . i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd . how , in good conscience , can she record/release a cd like this ? ! ? ! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin . speak out against this abominable cd . i know you are out there , i can not be alone on this .
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but not a good . the beat is annoying , and the wailing at the end is incongruous in an electronic song like this . i thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ) , and this is far from rock . not a big fan of this song that i have heard many time before .
1	take me back to when i wa much younger . good music
1	love this album ! heard an interview with her on wrni public radio when the album wa released . they played several track and i had to buy the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed . it is hard to pick a favorite but i really like all alone with something to say . if you dig bonnie you can not go wrong with this album .
1	excellent choice of song , very relaxing . i have many soothing music cd and to just relax and loose the stress of a busy day this will be my first choice
0	wow . i could not even make it through the whole thing . definitely not my cup of tea i guess .
1	i found this singer on my space , so happy i did , all original song , fantastic swinging band , take you back to a very glamourous era , but still very today ! love it ! i had the song happiest day of my life for my niece wedding and people loved it !
0	you want to really hear what this song should sound like look up alfie boe . he played jvj in the o2 concert . becky
1	this album is rare for devot prince collector i , m so glad i own it . the track are very prince just jamming and having a good time with the band . if your looking for more commercial prince stuff this is not it though you would not have found yourself here ! buy it whatever it cost you !
1	i wa married to a verbally abusive man , and when i first heard this song , i broke into tear . it expressed exactly the way i felt- if he treated me with respect , i would not have to hear his phony i love yous . ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony super fourties group
1	love the song ( mp3 download of some good year ) , with excellent sound quality a well . what a talented group , in the late 1960s/early 1970s , the 1990s ( when this song came out ) , and even in the 2000s .
0	since perry como , bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on . i felt what better for christmas than an osmond ! what wa i thinking ? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style . gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement . what are you thinking marie ? i do not want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah . neither of those girl know how to sing , you used to . i want my ol marie back , till then i will be using this cd a a coaster , while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album . btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride . thanks alot !
1	it is an mp3 download - product is exactly what wa advertised . not much more to say about it , you either like him or you do not .
0	a little keith sweat like . you do remember him .
1	great
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape . the $ 14.95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part of a series . it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14.95 . in my opinion , the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that price ! what a rip off !
1	a a radio show host i am looking daily at the chart . i found this in amazon top 10 , and really love it . only thing i would and did change for airplay is the ending , not into song with acapella quiet ending . but currently for free , hard to beat this one : )
1	nice version , not your grateful dead !
1	absolutely love it !
0	no window phone support , last thing im buying until there is
0	this is weird . i ordered classic based on a friend recommendation . it came today . all looked good : cased , cd , enclosure . then i started to play it - the music is from skyworld . it is okay - but certainly not what i expected or wanted . now what ? i guess in order to post this i will have to at least give it one star . disappointed in your quality control .
0	is not the same song on the movie . this version is terrible even tho it is the original , i like the movie version way better .
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music-from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody ? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this ! okay for starter i remember when this record came out-i wa still in the day of acid wash jean , perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind.what do i like about this album ? well i love the album cover-it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement . but the music ? o-h m-y g-o-o-d-n-e-s-s ! who . made this stuff , since i could hardly call written . sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it . okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure-depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from-i feel sorry for him . and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny . band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great , lively and powerful music from the beginning . but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze-the guitar are cloudy , cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark . to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible , drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings.and the acoustic polly ? sound like the worst garage band in the world . so why is nevermind called a masterpiece ? simple-nirvana , despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles . but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends-for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl , cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle-esque . not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from-to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind.also cobains cynical and sad outlook , although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply . stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past . so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record ? technically very much ? should it be stripped from the market ? never , and that is the only reason why this should exist . every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt-it is in the constitution . but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one . so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and do not have this you probably should , you will love it . but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble , lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear . but i had to hear it to have an opinion . my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses-i know others feel a i do . if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one .
0	i tried to sleep while listing this tape , but it is more annoying than soothing . some people may still like it , but i definitely did not enjoy it .
0	lame
0	is this an april fool day joke ? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday . and man is it pretty sub par ! vocal are simply awful here . david lee roth wa never a great singer , though he wa a great frontman . in the studio , and with song that matched his vocal style , he could be pretty good . so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more . do not get me wrong ! i do love a lot of van halens material , of both the roth and haggar era . but this is just not that great .
0	when i ordered this cd i made a mistake , i thought i wa ordering a bruno mar album , i liked uptown funk but i did not like the rest of the cd
0	it say brandy featuring wanya morris . but once i purchased the song it clearly wa just brandy singing on this song . i think this is false advertising .
0	to amazon : why is this here ? i do not remember ordering this , & i never have had it delivered to my home . i know this to be true because i do not own this cd or any reo speedwagon music
1	love !
1	great song !
1	great old song
1	i downloaded this to practice for a country karaoke competition . i like downloading the .mp3s from amazon - the process is easy .
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent , some are definitive . however , it is time universal released the album contained in the set separately , so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40.00 just to get a performance of bolero ! they could also do the same for other high-priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953/1967 . it is also time that the major label gave up trying to force u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut !
0	what ever happened to melody and harmony ? you surely will not find any here . if you like the current over produced , over processed and inter changeble music you will probably like this . i read that she said she had 200 song , but it sound like she had one song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of the cd .
0	this cd only play for a few second and then it pause and start over - each time it doe the same thing . i should have ordered the new cd i will never buy a used one again .
1	great !
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review . do not touch this cd . firstly , there is no tom wait . apparently , the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second . this recording is of the first . nor is it a radio broadcast . it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium , probably to cassette . and according to those who were there , it is not the whole concert . perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it , did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting . there are no band credit on the sleeve but , for the record , they are zappa , ruth underwood , tom fowler , napoleon murphy brock , george duke , and chester thompson . this era of zappa/mothers is very well covered elsewhere . the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded . this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table .
0	gah . i wa hoping for sermon . traditional gospel music . ugh .
1	just buy this . trust me ( say the random reviewer ) . like awol nation ? you like lorde ? you do not like either of them ? well buy this anyway becauee it is worth ever penny .
0	so pathetic ! disappointed that amazon sell this crap . i will not be purchasing anything till this is off of your site . i will also be sharing the hell out of this all over facebook ! for everyone that work for amazon do u all a favor . next time your in need of help do not call the police !
0	this is a great song ! i realize miley is an artist and trying to express herself , but the video is disgusting , even tho the song is great .
1	love this song !
1	this album made me want to use this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing . that is , until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound-stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago . this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play-back system that are the average-cheap and below , down below to the mcdonald-duck play-back variety . it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg . if one truly want to enjoy a great reading , and great illusion of fidelity , let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo , or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording . a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth .
1	i purchased and rated it because it is a great song , i highly recommend it to those who like country .
1	i like jazz & this is one of my favorite artist . it is clear & i think it just a good a hearing it on the cd . i recommend it
1	good old oldy . great sound and overall positive vibe . the world missed his sound . gone too soon in my opinion .
1	the best
0	i love the cd , the the case for it broke in the mail and i am very mad about that .
1	love it
1	dont know if she will ever have another hit , but this wa a great song and i love it ! hope she continues her career with success .
1	great song
1	lyric and instrumentals are incredible . you can not listen to this on low . crank it up in your car and get your blood flowing !
1	i have always loved this song , but did not have it on any device . i loved playing it christmas morning .
1	very nice , very niice .
0	poor audio quality .
0	i like hammond organ , enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond , but this album ha too many different keyboard up front and guitar are burried behind . unfortunately , steve morse repeating himself and his riff and solo are too predictable . i love this band . one of the best live band . enjoyed last album , but this one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008 , you will be disappointed . the entire album if very melodic , but not edgy at all . i am sorry to say this , but if i had to categorize it , i would have to say gay trance . it wa hard to listen to the whole thing . i kept hoping it would get better , but it just kept disappointing . honestly , i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again . once wa torture enough . it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap/hip hop though , which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1 .
0	lareine : a bunch of japanese people trying to look aryan and play good music and write mediocre composition . it is not gon na happen , guy . i know better .
1	i like the dave clark five enough to want to have a many cd by them a possible . i like all their song they did in the 1960s .
0	i received the cd in a cracked case and the cd wa cracked a well ! i wa planning on giving the cd a a christmas present , but now that will not be possible .
0	it did not download easily and it still have not totally downloaded onto my phone where i can listen to it . it is wa a waste of my money .
0	most song were lousy ; she sings better by herself .
0	when most folk think of the ode to joy in beethoven 9th , i expect they recall the choral segment . this 1 min. , 23 sec . bit of the 9th is only the opening part of the longer instrumental prelude to the choral piece . that said , this particular arrangement of the piece and the recording quality are both good .
1	great album i love it
1	applause is a really simple song that is catchy and fun to dance too . it is been stuck in my head since i heard it the first time . looking forward to the full artpop album and the music video .
0	this is just terrible song period . it is just bad . it really make little sense . it wa written to elicit a heart felt response , but instead you just roll your eye and wonder how it managed to see the light of day .
0	i think hasselvander writes his own review . this is not worth buying . painful to listen to . make you want to give him lesson .
0	it seems every 4th or 5th song i get from the site cut the ending of the song off . i am quite puzzled . allan bole
1	love this song and the sound quality is great .
1	fantastic song .
1	great variety of song with this album . nice that the beauty of his music still life on and is appreciated .
0	not a great a i had hoped
1	i love this cd . i can not get enough e.s.posthumus . i play it all the time
1	composer is included in the file information . this is baroque so it is going to sound well , baroque . of course there are going to be some you are not 100 % thrilled with , but come on . it is $ 5 for all of them !
1	great song
0	it is not the version i heard when i wa little , slightly different and dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever heard or/and seen , this one is - by far - one of the top ten worst . the song are laughable awful ! more comment about this terrible cd is senseless . the reason i am writing this comment is merely to give you one simple tip : do not waste your money on it . compared to this , flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece .
0	jp is a great guitarist no question , but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty . the backing track are formulaic , the ballad appear a expected , the exotic scale are in place , even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck ! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing , ( no bad thing , every guitar player is influenced by somebody ) , but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow . a far a i am concerned , it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note , so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice . jp fails to achieve this here . in summary : jp is awesome but fallible , he is only human after all .
0	towards the middle/end of the song , barbra streisand part seems quite screechy to me . sad a this is a great song . i am surprised it passed anyones approval .
1	what can you say lyle is lyle
