1	she is always a 5 star to me .
1	not a good a the first one , but sequel rarely are . it is good none the le .
1	i have listened to this album since i wa a kid and each time it take me back . forget the ethnic theme of the album and just listen to the music . i love that it take ancient song we all know and love and put pure soul into them . my favorite track are the overture , every valley , lift up your head , and he shall purify and of course halleujah . all i can say is this album is nostalgic for me and reminds me why i love christmas and the holiday season .
1	you will not be sorry , the song is enchanting- carefully moving from beginning to end , and taking u on a smooth ride through a sweet melody .
1	i love this song !
1	good
0	wondering why i wa charged for a song that wa on amazon prime music . what happened to free ?
0	ok , jason moran is a piano virtuoso . if you still did not know , this is a reason to listen to this work . the problem come when you are looking for something else . this album is a jazz trio , but what about the other two ? well , overshadowed by the soloist . although better that way , and i would be pleased if they would not try to make so much noise : the truth is that if one is attentive to the bass and the drum will soon be disappointed . to top it off , the theme included in this album are dull and flat .
1	very good album
0	most of the music start out okay but then in the middle it get loud and take on a jazzy type sound which doe not do well to relax a person who is trying to sleep . of course the sample that are given do not let you know that . worst 1.99 i have spent . may not seem like a lot to amazon but for me it wa like throwing it out the window . amazon can do that with it is own money . i will not purchase another music from them .
0	this cd set is okay but get a little monotonous after a while . i wa hoping it would be better but it is okay .
0	did not order this item
1	excellent work of art . she is on target with every song . seems to relay a pervasive quality of despairing depression underneath the provocative , bad girl image . some people want to boycott her album until she get help but there is no question , this is a top quality production .
0	where is the banjo ? where is the awesome make me live music ? there is not one song on this album that compare to anything or any one song you have done in the past . whoevers encouraging you guy to change is terribly wrong . do what you love , not what other people want . this is definitely not what i expected . i just got this today , on your release day and could not skip through it fast enough . very disappointed .
1	what a voice , do not really have to say any more .
0	save your money .
0	not even going to bother with this unless they are 320kb quality . why even bother with something low quality ? seriously .
0	given guitarist emil perry thielhelm wa still a member of the band ( the only original holdover at this point ) , i guess this outfit had every right to bill themselves a the blue magoos . that said , like the predecessor set ( 1969s never going back to georgia ) , anyone expecting to hear a set of garage and psych-influenced number wa going to be in for a rude awakening when they slapped 1970s gulf coast bound on their turntable . working with original blue magoos producer bob wyld , these six track featured most of the line up found on the first abc album . added to the lineup this time out were sax player alfred elli and bassist cooker loprestit replacing roger eaton and second drummer jim payne . a a result the collection featured the same general sound a the earlier lp , leading to speculation at least some of these track were recorded during the earlier session and left off that album because they were longer and le commercial . regardless of their history , i have always been a big blue magoos fan , but their final two album have always reminded me of the way the rascal got away from their creative strength . like that other band , this collection found thielhelm and company throwing their artistic career at the foot of a strange mixture of jazz and soul influence . with three percussionist in the mix , track like slow down sundown , can not get enough of you , and the instrumental magoos blue were simply buried in layer of latin-flavored percussion and soul-jazz ramblings leading much of the collection to suffer from dreaded sounds-the-same disease . the combination of latin percussion and pseudo-jazzy move ( flatulent horn and aimless vibe ) , may have sounded good on paper , but i dare anyone to try sitting through the 12 minute can not get enough of you . simply horrible . adding to their problem , neither ka ( shown a kaz on the writing credit ) , nor theilhelm had a particularly good voice . they may have sounded okay in a live setting , but in the studio the result proved harsh and irritating to the point where the instrumental break provided some of the album highlight . - propelled by alfred elli on sax , the title track found the band taking a stab at a blue number . in the positive column , this wa the album shortest and most focused performance . in the negative column , the song wa a mess . sporting a forgettable melody , crappy vocal , and an overabundance of mindless latin percussion , elli endless sax solo just made thing worse . rating : * star - slow down sundown could have actually been a pretty good performance . the song had kind of a nifty adult contemporary groove , but the harsh , strained lead vocal , the jazzy touch ( discordance sax solo ( apparently meant to sound like jungle animal ) , vibe and heavy percussion ) ultimately killed it . okay , the fart sound at the end of the song always make me smile . rating : * star - and then there wa the 12 plus minute epic can not get enough of you . the song actually started out sounding pretty good - nice , funky groove and some tasty thielman fuzz guitar . and then thing turned horribly wrong . hideous group vocal ( i think kaz had the lead on this one ) , a meandering melody , and endless and pointless solo . imagine a crappy song out of the lee oskar and war catalog and you will know what this one sounded like . rating : * star - penned by newcomer elli , the instrumental magoos blue showcased an okay adult contemporary jazz vibe ( think about mid-1990s elevator music and you will get a feel for this one ) . technically it wa quite impressive with lot of space for individual solo , but it wa also sort of soulless . rating : * star - tonight the sky about to cry wa a bland , vocally painful , and instantly forgettable ballad . rating : * star - the lone group composition , the instrumental sea breeze express wa best describe a a meandering piece of jazz-rock fusion . their are some folk that go bonkers for this kind of free form stuff , but to my ear it is basically noise . rating : * star the album wa also tapped for a single ( their last 45 ) : - 1970s gulf coast bound b/w sea breeze express ( abc catalog 11238 ) sporting one of the year ugliest cover ( blame designer ron lieberman ) certainly did not help sale . all told , a sad footnote to their recording legacy . gulf coast bound track listing : ( side 1 ) 1 . ) gulf coast bound ( eric kaz - emil thielhelm ) - 3:51 2 . ) slow down sundown ( eric kaz - j. andreolli - emil thielhelm ) - 6:09 3 . ) can not get enough of you ( eric kaz ) - 12:21 ( side 2 ) 1 . ) magoos blue ( instrumental ) ( alfred elli ) - 7:54 2 . ) tonight the sky about to cry ( eric kaz - j. andreolli ) - 5:14 3 . ) sea breeze express ( instrumental ) ( eric kaz - j. andreolli - emil thielhelm - alfred elli - richie dickon - jim payne - john liello - j. lopresti - 4:13 for anyone interested , the blue magoos are still active and have a web presence at : [ . ]
0	i just came here to read the description , trying to figure out why this showed up on a prime search for christian music . three is nothing christian about it . if anything it is new age .
0	we tried two cd and neither played in our 2 stereo . not sure what is wrong with them but we could not get any sound . sad . my 89 year old mom wa excited
1	i love this cd . barbra is amazing !
1	love it
1	got this song in my head after watching true detective on tv , so i had to buy it !
0	sounded like a mexican band ; not country ; not my style . every song sounded the same ; no variety . if you are looking for country , this is not for you .
1	i first heard this song while watching the movie , tha naked gun starring leslie nielson . i like it !
0	useless
1	this is some great playing here . the tone and rhythm are perfect . this is excellent to study along with the actual 32 etude . i am giving it a 4 star because i do not like how he interprets some of the music . i know this music is difficult and there are many way to interpret it . however , some part just have to sound right
1	awesome product i like it !
0	purchased accidentally !
0	a vile song from a vile album that glorifies adultery and a family destroyed . leanns action during and after her affair ha cost her many fans-me being one of them .
0	according to frontman/songwriter ra mcguire , the problem started when the band wa denied what they felt wa well-deserved production credit on the preceding thick a thief lp . this wa after the label had voiced it approval , including consulting with them a to the layout of promised credit . tot wa the last album randy bto bachman ever produced for trooper . lawsuit were filed , friendship were scuttled , and , most significantly , they went with a different producer ( howard steele of heart fame ) . what that mean to the listener is that the man who for 4-5 year had arranged for them and groomed the overall sonic output ( and who also happened to be one of the best guitarist/songwriters in the business ) wa now out the door , to be replaced by perhaps someone with le ability to say no to some of ra le inspired notion . so what doe the first non-rb produced trooper album sound like ? well , aside from the reasonably solid opener ( which happens to be the first trooper track i would ever heard back when it wa a hit , and one of my favorite by the band ) , we get a weakly performed kink cover ( compare to van halens you really got me released roughly about the same time ) , some cheesy ballad , mixed with some filler , not to mention a couple of song about what a douche randy supposedly is . production credit indeed . that this album wa one of their best-sellers speaks more to their popularity at the time than the actual quality of the product . after this one came out , they basically had kicked themselves out of the big time , a subsequent sale will attest . to add insult to injury , they still ended up paying out randy half of his remaining contract ( 3 full album ) . sheesh . talk about a pyrrhic victory . although by 1990s ten , they had started to kick some as again , this album represents a period of decline in relevance a they rediscovered their voice without their mentor ( who doe not necessarily take any more credit for their 70 success than ra songwriting . but , sometimes it is what a producer _will not_ let the artist do that is just a important , ya know ?
0	just not what i expected .
1	fun , upbeat song to put you in a good mood and make you want to dance .
1	play it all time . love it
1	download this but also go to you tube and watch the couple of live performance of this song . this guy ha a real magic to him . his affect on the audience reminds me a lot of jim morrison . he will make eye contact with just one person and for just a moment . but you can tell that that person is not likely to forget that moment .
0	not that good , it is a rip off .
0	the creedence clearwater revival album mardi gras is often hailed a the all time worst album by a major rock group . i strongly believe this t.j. & s album ha it way beat . at least the john fogerty song on mardi gras are classic a usual , it is just the rest of the group really ruined that album . i could not find one worthy song on this messterpiece . do not get me wrong , i love most of t.j. & s other song but this album is just so bad . tommy james & the shondells were not in the same class a ccr but they were a major rock group with only one le hit than ccr . if you count the tommy james solo hit draggin the line then they are tied . bottom line is ccr wa a classic album group and t.j. & s were strictly a single group .
1	the long awaited debut album from stalley doe not disappoint . trunk rattling bass , ode to old school and midwest pimping at it best !
1	phenomenal 1974 recording on 20th century record from the great pianist ahmad jamal with the other two member of his trio , jamil nasser on bass and frank gant on drum , along with azzedin weston in a very prominent role on conga , and a beautiful string and horn section arranged by richard evans . all six selection on the album were written by ahmad and he produced it a well . jamal play jamal is a classic that ha yet to be officially released on cd . it command premium $ in the collector market , and ha been sampled over the year by many other musician . i remember when i had the 8-track ( ! ) of this back in the 70 that i played to death - still have a mint condition vinyl copy ( and cover ) that i guard with my life . if it doe not come out on cd soon , i will get it professionally transferred over to the cd format , which i have done with many out-of-print vinyl album still unavailable on cd . this one is long overdue and certainly deserves it . the writing , arranging , and playing on jamal play jamal is superb , with ahmad alternating between steinway grand piano and fender rhodes with the marvelous background horn and string by evans . two of the piece , pasture and death & resurrection , are particularly sub- lime with brilliant interplay between jamal and the orchestra . eclipse , dialogue , and spanish interlude are all stellar example of ahmads exemplary composing and arranging skill , a well . my favorite piece on the album , swahililand , is also the longest at almost ten minute and is an extended , magnificent opus featuring a gorgeous three minute introductory setup by jamal on his steinway with the background horn and string before he kick in with the main section on fender rhodes . weston is astounding on conga al- ternating from left channel to right . jamal then finish the piece back on the steinway after it wind down from the tour-de-force . it is the final track on the album and close it out in fine fashion - extraordinary and fabulous work from all involved . the whole recording is a masterpiece of writing , arranging , and playing that wa beautifully recorded by engineer tony may and paul serrano . i have an extensive collection of jamals output over the year and dearly love his early impulse work , but jamal play jamal is my favorite of his . a stellar work of art that , once again , is long overdue for cd release . another desert island disc . p.s . had my vinyl copy of jamal play jamal professionally converted to cd including the front and back album cover . sound better than ever !
0	not listenable . you are better off just donating to get nothing in return .
1	dynamic
1	sound clear and no disappointment in quality . i am very happy with it and love the song . go for it !
1	i love folk acoustic guitar music and have listend to many artist . came across this song by robin bullock quite by accident on youtube . wa completely blown away . listened to it about 10 time before i could walk away from my computer . wish robin lived in the u so that i could have more chance of seeing him in concert .
0	a of this writing , many of the track on this album are misnumbered/mislabled .
0	this type of music doe not follow the rule . whatever happened to good old-fashioned church music ? i am serious . this type of music , known by most in the ward a rock or metal must be burned and flushed down the toilet . i had to whip my son with my leather belt because he wa playing this kind of music rather than playing gospel music on the piano . nirvana wa not a good band . the lead yeller committed suicide , which is a direct pathway to hell and a guaranteed dance with the horrible satan . if you are like me , you will not even think about this album and try to convince others to burn this album and get rid of it forever . i hate rock and roll and i have taken it upon myself a my duty to get rid of modern music and bring back the gospel music of the holy mormon church .
1	what else can i say ? another great album by a great artist . like another review it different than his last album but just a good all the same . i highly recommend this album .
0	i had no idea what they sounded like , but once i downloaded this song , i thought , what a waste of time ! do not bother unless you are a fan . i am certainly not in any danger of becoming one anytime soon !
0	utterly appalling recording .
0	so bad and not in a good way .
0	hall & oates a interpreted by a 1977 casio wristwatch and a screech owl . this is the best of the first quarter of 2010 ? no star ! ( well , i guess i have to give this crap one star to get outa here . ) why only 1 blue album ?
0	very slick only giving the weeknd a single hook verse otherwise he would have killed this song . very dissapointed do not buy if you are looking for the weeknd
0	bwb is a great collaboration , but this album dropped the ball . every other track is a watered down singing song that doe not rightly fit in any genre . the others are fairly consistent with bwbs usual work . i am not sure what intent for that wa , but the next album need to be smooth jazz through and through , not this .
1	i still do not know what this song is about , but there is certainly some african queen tribalism going on in the song . the tune is catchy and the lyric are powerful . if you do not believe me , watch the video .
0	too pop , baby sounding .
1	awesome and funny
1	i have chosen this song to be played at my funeral upon my passing . i love the old fashioned hymn and patriotic music .
1	this is a very good cd for the price . i bought this cd just for that one song that i did not have but wanted .
1	xawesomehave heard this song done a number of way this by far is one of the best
0	not great
1	just amazing after all these year . i have petitioned james taylor to put out a dvd of the current tour since they are not coming anywhere near southern california . but , these track are all wonderful and the accompanying dvd is a wonder and joy to behold . do not doubt it , if you like james taylor , get this one . hurry !
0	yee haw , wen de music biziniss iz filled with kommy fashist amerikah hater like de dixy chiks and sistum uf a down . dese fokes dun come out and dun speke to u tru amerikans , the 20 % uf u dat are left . we do not nede yur bush-bashin you 70 % + uf amerkah , you dun just git out of amerkah and dun moov to kuba ! yee haw ! i dun tell yu wut , this musik iz a breth uf fresh air to all de bush bashers ! just dun git , ither you dun support a prezident ( only if he repubilikan of course ) or you dun leave ! unless the prezident iz a kommy fashist demokrat , than it is okay to bash him becuss hez demokrat ! yee haw ! jeezus approovs of dis war , why on de sermon on de mount he dun said blessed are de pecemakers , an inturpretashion of dat meant that blessed are those who dun start unnessessary war to fin out peeplez numberz so dat so few left hav no choise but be peceful ! fredtowntard out !
0	the problem with getting the preview is that they never let you hear the end of song . i do not know whether the people that put the album together thought they needed to shorten the album , but several of the song have the last note or two cut off , either completely or right in the middle of a note . not a lot of joy there . i will say that there are some song on the album that are fine , but getting slammed like that really ruin everything . i will probably go through the album again and remove these song from my device .
1	i like it . just what we expected .
1	i recommend this product to anyone who enjoys barbra streisand and the movie , the way we were . i chose this because i love her voice and i like the song .
0	this is b , the purpous of digital music is to choose what song you want and not forced to buy an entire album .
1	good vibration .
0	i got this because it supposed to be a classic but this book is so out dated it loses a lot of credibility . many of the example or story drag on waaaaaay to long .
0	i wa unable to download this mp3 without downloading software i do not want ( amazon music player ) . i already have a music player , and it work fine . i just wanted a favorite tie song .
1	addictive
0	this ha to be a joke . next he will duet with william hung . at least the profit go to charity . still just donate to charity and keep this garbage away from your ear .
0	it would not download properly . cant hear it !
0	this is not the the acapella , and it heavily distorted . amazon music fail -_-
1	awesome !
1	amazing work from alt j a always , my favorite song on the album are nara and every other freckle .
1	this is the music from the opening scene of the movie , layer cake , wherein daniel craig play a fascinating , vulnerable role a a middle man for a recreational medication group in the uk . interesting concept for a movie , and the music grab your attention , also .
0	stanley climbfall had some big shoe to fill , a job that it failed to accomplish . this is nowhere near the lifehouse quality that wa shown on no name face . talk about a sophmore slump ! the first singe spin is pretty good , a is the title track . the best track on the record is take me away , it is beautiful ! unfortunately i can not say the same for the rest of this cd . that is junk !
0	do not buy this particular version if you are looking for the explicit version . this version is an edited or radio version .
1	thanks for getting it to me on time and a described . got ta love doing this dance !
0	most likely not the song you remember . check the preview first .
0	only one song on a cd music wonderful i wa looking for more music . at that price offering cd should be full very disappointing
0	< a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/harvey-the-moonglows-2000/dp/b0019gn3zs/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > harvey & the moonglows 2000 < /a > if you prefer original version search under the moonglows and you will find 20th century collection among others with original cut , and harvey fuqua singing lead .
1	love it !
1	song i grew up with
1	great song !
1	my first exposure to this song wa in a disney cartoon . back when mtv played music , my parent purchased dtv video on laser disc that had pop music set to disney animation . this wa my favorite one of them all . i still love this song . for me it is both nostalgic and upbeat .
0	stevie is always good .
1	wy i like all the cd because she wa the best of the best a a wife and a mother .
0	i bought ti for my son who is a music major . he loved it
1	it help when thing on the mind and just encourages to let go and let god handle all the problem
1	excellent to listen and relax or utilize for meditation into the salvation of christ for u all . help you with your time speaking to god one on one . perfect for catholic or any other follower of jesus .
0	not a favorite . i prefer a more celtic sounding version of this song . i wa disappointed in this version . sorry .
1	who would not like jb ? he is excellent- what is priceless ? amazon prime- gave a whole of his music free .
1	excellent
0	i generally like starbombs music , for what it is . and what it is is a blend of pop , rap , video game parody , and novelty music . a far a those quality go , the artist have not deviated from their theme . however , compared to the first starbomb album , i felt this wa a huge step down . the song just are not a unique , comical , or lively . aside from smash ! , the track are pretty forgettable . some of the song make reference to the previous album , which might seem like a nice touch , but i felt like it wa done more a an attempt to play off a previous song success rather than a a clever insertion for nostalgia . i still bought the album to support egoraptor , whose video game review on youtube i love . bought i can not really recommend this album otherwise .
1	some awesome song here .
0	okay , this effort is certainly more inspired than victim of love or 21 at 33. but even though it is a comeback in comparison to those two failed album , this recording still pale in comparison to goodbye yellow brick road , honky chateau , rock of the westies , etc . many of the song on the fox come frustratingly close to being classic ej song ( just like belgium , chloe , the title track ) . but sadly the song fall a bit short . my advice ? skip this one and purchase jump up , which is not a great album , but is a better example of elton john returning to anything even close to his 70 form .
0	advertised a the explicit , non edited version and it is not , it is the radio version . waste of $ 0.99 . i need more word .
1	great song
0	this is not the rengades . i am very disappointed . it seems that all the renegade mp3 downloads have the original title but are not the song belonging to that title .
1	another great celtic thunder cd
1	this song is amazing . it explains how he refuse to live a life that is not holy and acceptable by god . this song is one of those who minister to both the saved and unsaved .
1	nice cd
1	case wa cracked .
1	an awesome pure worship experience that you will want to experience over and over again and never get tired of listening to !
1	the history of this song is very intense if you listen to the lyric . also the singing voice are very well in tune .
1	i love this song . i sing it all day every dayyy !
1	could not believe there were no 5 star review . this is my favorite relaxation cd and i have many . love the music that is played along with the sound of thunder . had this many year ago on cassette tape and although the cassette still play , it wa so nice to find on cd . also bought a copy for my daughter , who also love it
0	i did not order this item and it appeared on my computer one day . some may like it , but i did not . thanks .
0	i am not sure when this cd wa released but it certainly is doe not contain the original version . in fact , i am not even sure it is really buck fizz ( it is that bad. ) . if you have never heard anything by them before , do not buy this cd . if you have heard them before , do not buy this cd . ick .
1	love !
0	this digital copy seemed to be poor quality . i purchased it after listening to it a a billion time on on you tube and it just doe not sound the same . excellent song , but i will continue to use the the youtube version .
1	screechy , and eerie , this song is totally transformed yet strangely familiar .
0	not my stile
1	i bought four of these . two for myself , just in case they go out of print and one deteriorates . i have a vast sinatra collection . this is one of the top 5 disc . the others being only the lonely , swinging lover , september of my year and the live at the sand .being one of the top five of any major artist say a lot . being in the top five of the greatest singer ever is an eloquent statement indeed . it is the definitive interpretation of the jobim sound and the most candle-light dinner elegantly romantic album you will find . having all these song in one collection is long long overdue .
1	cripple creek by harvey reid is sensational the thing he doe with a six string banjo make you want to get up and dance . keltic flavor to his music which only make it more appealing .
0	not sure the guy is signing , but it is not brett young , that is for damn sure ! ekkk
1	the legend is back ! best bluegrass ever ! doyle lawson & quicksilver know how bluegrass must be performed ! this album make fun of more from these group .
0	not what i expected . it is kind of dreary and depressing . i love iris but not this one .
1	awesome
1	i love barbra streisand . the duet are great . another gift from my daughter for christmas .
1	group 1 crew is an amazing band , and this album doe not disappoint ! i bought it for my sister and she love it . came in excellent packaging and we are enjoying it very much .
0	racist
1	i love lucinda williams and she did not disappoint me . west is another great group of song !
0	purchased but did not download to my playlist
1	for me , all but one song made for a very good cd . their voice are growing in depth and enrichment . it is different music from their first cd some , like my father , who loved their first cd ( because it wa all of the italian favorite = and he is italian ) did not like this second album at all . my husband and i liked it very much !
0	wow geez one good song on this . it is a good song , the best song , but just that one song .
0	ooh , an electronica pop christmas song ! no , wait . it is another lady gaga song about sex where she turn everything into innuendo . guess what the christmas tree is . yep . at least it wa free and i did not waste any money on it .
0	i wish she would have covered lesser known song by obscure [ to the mass ] songwriter . turn me on to something new v having me compare her version to the well known one . and come on , taking on the bos version of tougher than the rest ? who advised you ?
0	this is an absolutely horrible copy of one of the finest performance ever recorded . the cracking noise make it almost unlistenable , completely unworthy of the quality of gmos fine session . you can hear the crackle in the preview - yes , it is that bad and worse all the way through . i am surprised anyone bothered to release such a bad copy ; sound like it wa made with a 40-year-old turntable on cheap equipment . this recording of the same performance is much cleaner : http : / www.amazon.com/gp/product/b0013arzcm/
0	love waylon , but this wa a little bit of a dissappointment .
0	maroon 5 ha joined the like of all the other modern day group . what wa once a very talented group now sound just like justin bieber and the like with the swilly high pitched run that all sound exactly alike . this may be fine for today youth who have no idea what constitutes a song with staying power or true musical value , but for u old classic rock people , i think adam levine should stay with his spot on the voice .
0	if you are looking for bruce with his acoustic guitar and no band , this cd is for you . it will remind you of tom goad , which i actually own but have not seen since the first and only time i played it . though , i have listened to springsteen for twenty year , i am not a fan of his pre dark side of town work . i never cared for dylan and i do not like any of springsteens solo work . if you like busa , etc , you will not like this cd . some of this material could have been interesting if they had been recorded a rock song . i gave the cd two star because it wa made by springsteen .
0	i know most of the review here are from people that know danny or listen to him producing an am talk show and have a certain affinity for him . their review seem a little biased at best . the truth is that while this album definitely call back to old country music , it doe so in the most generic way possible . nothing here is really worth listening to more than once , and really once you have gotten to the chorus of each song you have pretty much heard all of it . no fresh or exciting take here , just monotonous studio music laid out in a completely predictive pattern . dannys voice doe not help matter much . it is not strong enough to be a lead so the generic music really overpowers it . it is too bad actually , if he had a stronger voice this could at least be classified a your basic generic old country music album . a such it fall short of even that . if you know ( of ) danny and want to get this for nostalgic reason then by all mean go for it . if you do not know danny but have always wondered what it would sound like to record a karoke album then this is for you . all others would be better served looking up marty robbins , george jones or hank williams to get the real deal .
1	i am sure that the tom wait purist have a specific album or two to suggest , but this one doe the trick for me . i have been more than a casual fan since he appeared on fernwood tonight and sang the piano ha been drinking . tom version of jersey girl ( the original ) can not be beat . the heart of saturday night ? nothing really need to be said . if you want to try tom wait on for size , starting here is not a bad idea . great stuff .
1	emmylous voice is a good a it get here , and i wa amazed at the synergy between her and rodney . these duet could not be better . this album is stellar .
1	inspiring song , love it !
0	i have been a fan of buffy and james marsters for year , but wa not thrilled with this at all . the music wa boring and not a exciting a his brief singing spot on buffy . i would pas on this one .
0	i could not download all 930 or so mp3s from the cloud player without clicking them 1 at a time . however , thanks to amazon showing that this resource exists for free , i wa able to find the site bible.is . on that site they have the complete bible , plus they have both dramatized and non-dramatized version of kjv , nasb , esv , and contemporary english . if this product did not need to be downloaded through cloud player , i would have given it a 4/5 star . that is 4/5 not 5/5 because i do not really like the background music .
1	the sound is rich , the harmony are deep , the arrangement are original . i have played it many time and recommended it to friend .
0	what is the most annoying about this set is in fact the amount of material that wa left off . i understand it wa a daunting task to make a compilation of this magnitude . but come on people . by calculation if you add up all the blank space at the end of each cd you end up with almost an hour of unused space . to leave track such a take it away/ballroom dancing/tug of war/c moon/vanilla sky/helen wheels/bluebird etc off wa just inexcusable .
1	so at the beginning of the year after school i went to her concert hunter hay wa on tour with her they were off the chain ! $
0	it doe not work , i bought it 2 or 3 time this wa a digital purchase
1	fine cd .
1	first came out in 1980 , a this wa the band second lp . maybe not a masterpiece but pretty decent symphonic progressive title at that . this garden of delight pressing ha an added bonus song . tune i liked best were the title track back on my hill , stick in your eye and the seventeen-minute judgement day . faithful breath had reportedly disbanded after this album came out but keep in mind the band later reformed with two original member - heinz mikus - guitar & vocal and horst stabenow - bass who had recruited a couple of new playes but then moved onto playing heavy metal quite a change - they released several more effort - rock lion ( 81 ) , hard breath ( 83 ) and gold n glory ( 84 ) . check em out .
1	passion is the newest addition to an amazing collection of truly beautiful music . i have been a fan of george skaroulis ever since i stumbled upon him at a greek festival some year back . if you love great relaxing piano music along the line of george winston or jim brickman , you are in for a real treat . i have never been disappointed in this artist offering . listen to the track and find out for yourself , what you have been missing . and then get passion !
1	this is a song that will probably be one that is an all time hit . i love everything about it .
0	there are many release of the world of nat king cole ( others with 27 to 52 song ) which importantly include the brilliantly done unforgettable duet where natalie sings along with his original version . this is a chopped down version of the album with the same title and if you are going to spend your hard earned dollar , you are better off skipping this one for one of the others .
1	sweet song
0	dear sir or madam , i have had some difficulty in enjoying this cd . however , it must be good to use the right half of our brain , which is usually not used .
0	adam voice is so deeply buried under the effect that it is unrecognizable . his second album wa the best - he wa starting to define his style and find worthy song . the material is weak and the lyric are laughable . this is a slickly produced attempt to make him a mainstream pop star . he wa never that - his forte wa his wide range vocal style and his ability to convey emotion and the meaning of the word . his interpretation of classic on american idol ( mad world , track of my tear ) , made the song his own . he toured with queen and wa a good or better live than freddie mercury ( vocally , even though he could not match his stage presence or personality ) . i guess his first two cd did not sell enough to satisfy his label and their stockholder - so this is a last ditch effort to attempt to turn him into a middle aged justin bieber . we do not need another shallow electronica/pop/disco clone ! good luck adam - i think you have lost the majority of your fan base . you can rock and you can wrench the emotion out of a good ballad .
0	i ordered this cd based on one song i had heard . it turn out that is the only good song on it . the rest of the cd is not anything i want to listen to . what else can i say ? steer clear .
0	not what i expected . not my type of music but it wa free .
1	johnny cash . enough said .
1	great soulful delivery on every song included in this project .
0	. some of you may wish to buy this chicago album because , foolishly like me , you want to listen to the music and song of the guy in chicago , but you get to listen to the composition of : 1- dannay orton , 2- blair daly , 3- greg barnbill , 4- dennis matkosky , 5- chas sandford , 6- jay demarcus , 7- brett james , 8- george hawkins jr. , 9- marcus hummon , who are not in the band . with only 1 song ( out of 12 ) written entirely by a band member , apparently either the band are no longer capable of making music or the producer think so . if you , foolishly like me , buy this album to hear the band play , you have to listen to : 1- lee thornberg : trumpet , 2- james matchack : keyboard , 3- jay demarcus : keyboard , 4- tom bukovac : guitar , 5- dan huff : guitar , 6- dean deleo : guitar , 7- yankton mingua : guitar , 8- jack kincade : guitar , 9- jay demarcus : guitar . 10- steve brewster : drum , 11- john brockman : drum , and listen to the vocal of : 12- shelly fairchild , 13- rascal flatts , 14- gary levox , 15- jay demarcus , 16- joe don roony , 17- bobby kimball 18- joseph williams ; so in the eye of mr jay demarcus , the producer of this album , allegedly by chicago , 16 additional musician and 9 song writer were necessary to do the job that the band themselves were , in his eye , incapable of doing ! jay demarcus himself ha played guitar , and key , a well a treating u to some singing . i am glad he had some fun , but i wa not paying to hear him and his other 15 friend he called to the party at the expense of chicago . if i had wanted to listen to all those other 25 people i would have asked for their name in the shop , not ask for chicago . is it too much to ask to be listening to chicago music when we get a ` chicago cd ? i am not referring to the quality of music here , which is purely a matter of personal taste but , good or bad , i wanted to listen to chicago . i do not mind if i do not like the song , a long a it is their music . but apparently , in the eye of the producer and financier of this album , there is not a viable chicago anymore which they can trust to write and record it own music ; only a name to milk . a they did with chicago 19 and 21 , but far worse this time . i do not mean to offend the taste of those who find the music on this cd pleasant enough to enjoy it ; i do however mean to offend that faithless producer , jay demarcus , who ha made an art of mediocrity and lack of vision , and ha offended the band by showing clearly that , a their producer , he belief that the composition and playing of all those other musician would somehow be better for the album than that of the chicago themselves . his treatment of keith in particular is almost unbelievable : 6 guest guitarist ? he ha not let keith play on at least 9 of the song ! and he ha not let tris play drum on 4 of the song ! this is a joke . not sure how mr demarcus can say he is proud of the boy ! he seems to me to be ashamed of them and prefer to hide and burry them under the work of others . if he wa proud of them he would not disempower them in this fashion and make a sad joke of them on their last album . but the band themselves , whom i had continued to love for decade , should have known better , after a thinking pause of 15 year , what to choose to go out on , and what legacy and memory to leave behind ; cause they are not going to get a chance to do another album after this . a bunch of the usual type ballad , indistinguishable from any out-takes from any of the album from 16 to 21 , written and performed in great part by others , is an unworthy epitaph , for a band that used to be more than just a brand name for a bunch of writer and player to sell their stuff under . conclusion : 1- if you are a fan of the chicago 1 to 7 , entirely avoide this album and save your stomach a lot of churning . 2- if you are a fan of the chicago 8 to 11 , you may find a couple of nice piece here that you might enjoy , such a the one by robert . borrow it from a friend for a listen . 3- if you are a fan of the chicago 12 to 17 , you will find several piece here that you will enjoy very much . worth buying for occasional listening . 4- if you are a fan of chicago 18 to 21 , you are not going to care who made the song and who played them and you will totally love the whole of this album , which is more of the same . it ha some good playing by some people , just the sort of song you enjoyed on those other album , and good production . buy it and love it .
0	my mother and i absolutely love josh groban and this song . but we were very disappointed when it only played the first verse and the chorus like five more time . very disappointing rendition
1	might be my favorite radiohead album ever . the instrumentation is gorgeous . thom yorkes voice is at it best .
0	what the others say is true . i bought this cd back in the early ninety . i soon discovered it wa nothing but a bootleg cd copied from an lp . no stereo and one song play faster than it should . i have the original mercury stereo lp ( all track were stereo except one ) . just an fyi , the stereo lp version of please do not talk to the lifeguard is a bit different then the released 45 version . you can hear most of the stereo lp song on youtube . search for diane ray stereo .
0	this is not the song i wanted , and i do not know how to download it . i miss the old day , when you bought a song and then you actually owned it . how can i embed this in a powerpoint ? how could i use it in a photo slideshow ? grrr . im hopelessly left behind by technology and im only 33
1	this album is a must have for anyone looking to hear some very creative rock tune with a pop edge to it . with a very high level of musicianship , dale will take you anywhere from an experimental and psychedelic rock tune to some more modern acoustic folky song . amazing songwriting musically and lyrically !
1	much better than i had hoped for ; the basic reason i purchased two additional cd of joes . can not go wrong here !
0	this wa purchased for someone else . i do not like it because i think it is an annoying song . not my type of music .
0	aint nothing like 2 crackheads in love brings back memory doe not it remember when they both hooked up cocaine wa indeed a hell of a drug .
0	this cd sound tinny . there is no base , just too much treble . it sound like listening to a cd on a boombox with the bass boost turned off .
0	should have been edited version it seemed what i wa purchasing great artist loved blurred line without the ugliness , make sure purchaser know what there buying , i gave it away
0	we ordered early and waited with bated breathe . but this just wasnt up to her usual . it felt like she wa trying hard to address a younger , le universal audience . it also felt like she had forced the new song - they did not flow . and the male vocal did not mix with her voice . disappointing .
1	nice
0	disk skipped in place
1	excellent ! excellent ! excellent ! this is heaven . though l do not speak the lang the voice move me spiritually . i have been replaying the song since l bought it . doe he have other hymns/gospel in the same lang ? not english please . thank you for the heavenly song !
1	best song of that year . waiting for the next one
1	great song !
0	not the original version
0	i love the album , but skip this loud , over-the-top , obnoxiously sung song every time . it is definitely something bad . bad for my ear .
0	6 star for the song , zero star for amazon help ( or lack of : ) in locating it on my computer . what can i say ? i like this tune a lot . buying it here wasnt that smart because i still have not found it on my computer and amazon help could not help me find it . shrug ? i ended up getting it from another website so it doenst really matter i guess .
1	love this cd ! the message is great and the music make you want to dance ! this particular song ( beautiful ) is a song every person , especially young woman , should hear and heed .
1	awesome
0	i actually like instrumentals , but i assumed that the entire album would have more collaboration . also , all of the song did not download with the album . that wa the most disappointing . maybe next time .
1	i do not care what religion she is ; the music is good , and i hope her publicity stunt really pay off . all those rich celebrity who are in the closet a conservative did not have the gut to do what she did yesterday ! she is a strong , independent , fearless woman that hopefully just paved the way for more conservative celebrity to just come out already !
1	i have this on an lp record and finally found it here . the entire collection is great fun with the monster singing their own song .
0	doe a self-inflicted hole in the head make one a better musician ? i thought not , so let u drop the charade that kurt cobain is a legend . if nirvana and kurt cobain were the be-all , end-all of the music scene , it would not have continued to evolve much le thrive after cobain took the cowardly way out of life ten year ago . this prof that cobain wa unimportant to the music world . look for yourself and try to find any contribution he brought to music . when you see it in it totality , his mark on the rock music scene wa minimal , and his mark the music scene a a whole wa detrimental . most music in general is stagnant because it continues to include kurt cobain a an essential influence , but rock is regressing because cobain is the man who allowed nu-metal and hate-rock to be bore from nirvana . nirvana had none of the passion , drive , and true grit that make honest musician stand out . nirvana fan confuse laziness and sloppy musicianship with pure honesty just because kurt say that is what it is . that is how easily-duped they are . when i see kurt cobain compared alongside jimi hendrix , bob dylan , and john lennon , i find it sickening because cobain , a he is been anointed by his fan and critic alike , is king of the slacker . he wa a lazy opportunist who fed off his legend status to finance his heroine habit . a modern musician and artist i have stumbled upon recently is tracey chapman . unlike cobain , she truly could lend her voice for the persecuted because she herself ha been persecuted . she spoke of all the desolation kurt cobain never faced but claimed he had . she spoke of inciting a revolution for the poor to rise and gain what they had been denied ; kurt cobain just wanted to incite a revolution for spoiled middle-class kid from divorced parent to gain what they never were entitled to . traceys wail could both move people to tear and prove injustice of the downtrodden all at once . could kurt cobain honesty do any of those thing ? no . when getting into music , i suggest anything besides whiny nasal band , nirvana , pop-punk , and any form of metal , especially for younger people getting into the music scene . if you read that and ask , what else is there to choose from , i think the you have given in to the medium already . once teen discover kurt cobain , they think that just because the medium and stuffy critic say so , that there is nothing beyond him , which is a lie . i saw bypass him and nirvana altogether . i recommend : tracey chapman , the cranberry , the b-52 , the beatles , john lennon , bob dylan , the moody blue , and anything else experimental or strange . nirvana wa just lazy .
0	i never received my download it would never go to the music on my phone i want my money back bc i bought two copy of the song
1	love it
0	i am a huge matisyahu follower , and listen to ever other album he ha released cover to cover on a regular basis it seems like . i will keep it simple , this is what happens when amazing unique artist go pop and mainstream . i like the song sunshine a lot , but the others just seem so bland and padded up with beat and effect . it is pretty depressing i am writing this review right now .
0	amazon service and speed of delivery wa excellent , but the cd no longer will play , only played it twice , now no longer work ! i guess you get what you pay for applies here !
1	excellent recording . i can not stop listening to this . once i bought this , i got all the other master in this series a well .
1	listen to it so much , had to order another one ! want to make sure it doe not wear out !
1	really love this song . it wa used in the movie trailer for the secret life of walter mitty and the song is pretty addictive to listen to .
0	i pre ordered this record , so you can imagine the amount of excitement i had when it arrived . i wa all but kissed the delivery man when it came ! i ran straight up to my record machine and played it , probably around 3 time before giving poor dierks a break . i listened to the record about 5 time after that before the unthinkable happened . it is different for girl began to skip ! i wa in shamble ! on my fourth time of playing one of my favorite record it wa skipping ! now i am not some record abuser and throw my record around no no no ! i have a special place where all my record are held and placed ever so neatly back into the slip and folder . and my needle is changed quite regularly , so nothing on my part could it have gone wrong . so when it began to skip you could imagine my horror , i have 20 year old record that are still playing me some good ole country without any skipping or anything ! i honestly can say the quality of this record is so horrible it completely ruined my experience with this record and let me tell you i am a hugeeeee fan of dierks , it wa a tragedy . you will never hear me say this ever again in my life but for this record it is better to litsen to it on your phone .
1	great song , heard it in life is strange
1	this song still hold up nearly 30 year late . dramatic , big hook , great sounding production .
0	they chopped the song off ! the original song is 4:30. the edited song , which appears here , wa chopped off at around 3:33. huge disappointment . and it fade out during they part where they are actually singing .
1	another one my mom got to enjoy for awhile before it wa passed back to me because mom and she ha now gone home herself yo heaven
0	if the u shock & awe campaign rained a many bomb a joe derosas latest comedy album doe , the iraq war wouldve been won in a week .
1	beautiful ! song .
1	great album .
1	great product delivered very fast
1	this is a great collection of new wave jazz from him . one of the greatest . it is a classic . it is raw and contemporary . his piano skill are amazing get this one you will not be disappointed
0	not so much . only one or two song i enjoy . too all over the place a far a music go .
0	i received a discount on this product for my honest feedback . good item
0	lately it seems like rob zombie ha lost alot of his grit , this album sound a lot like a black sabbath album or something of that nature . i absolutely loved hellbilly delux , and sinister urge wa all right , but rob ha really gone downhill in my opinion . a lot of the track on here are boring and uninspired , let it all bleed out is all right , but i would take any track from hellbilly over it . bring back the old rob zombie !
0	i love dt & i respect them for taking a chance but this album doe not work for me . i suspect that i would enjoy it more if i give it more time but i am just not interested in investing the time right now .
1	another song i have not heard in a long time and now i can listen whenever i want .
0	cd no good , no refund
0	i love the soundtrack to psycho . it is one of my favorite of all time , so you can imagine how delighted i wa to see this release wa available . i bought it a soon a i saw it and wa excited when it showed up on my doorstep . i put it on my turntable and wa horrified to hear how absolutely terrible the sound quality wa . it wa like someone had held a tape recorder up to an old tv and pulled the audio from a beat up vhs . i could not believe how dreadful it sounded . and absolute insult to bernard herman classic score . so , if you are like me and collect and enjoy listening to soundtrack on vinyl , do yourself a favor and do not make the same mistake i did .
0	honest face by liam finn and eliza jane sounded like an honest attempt to portray the shadowy side of human behavior . however , the instrument had so much of a screechy sound and the song wa just too depressing ( about a person who is scandalous but ha an attractive and innocent face ) . i accidently got stuck with this song when i wa attempting to download the amazon mp3 feature for another musical track . honest face is more for those who can look past the screeching sound and listen to an indie rock anthem for womanizer and maneaters .
1	it is light hearted and happy . it fit in nicely a background for a slideshow i did .
0	sample track sounded great , but when you listen to the entire cd it is one monotonous song after another . had high hope for this , but wa pretty much disappointed in the tune . probably will give it away if i can find someone who want it .
0	didnt order
0	this cd wa bought by mistake by me , doh ! so you know , this is a different guy . i guess if you like cheesy r & b/rap lite , it is ok. could not get through the 2nd song myself- sure he look different , but thought it wa early & a bad pic , haha- oh well . buy both of the real sean rowe cd or lp , they are killer !
0	i would rather donate my money to a corrupt charity [ . ] . reason why 50 cent is the best ! 1. i can relate to his lyric in da club and pimp 2. he on the radio and mtv all day ! ( which mean he talented ) 3. he ha talent ! because he doesnt play any instrument .
1	enjoying listening to mark chesnutt on cassette especially bubba shot the jukebox , since that is what i call my new nissan juke , my jukebox . i wa ruining my cd so i have been playing cassesttes while i wash and wax my jukebox .
1	this is a great cd . i saw gloria bill in concert in cadiz , ky back in october . i bought their cd and could not stop listening to it . always sometimes is one of my favorite song now . oh yeah , and the sister of the lead singer work at sonic here in cadiz . funny , huh ? mmmmmmm . cheeseburger .
1	this song is truly inspiring . i first heard it during a worship session at a church i wa visiting . i quickly found it on amazon .
0	stupid song
0	garbage . joe derosa is not a funny man .
0	i went on ringtones for android , listened to i walk the line and bought it . problem is it wasnt a ringtone , but the whole song .
1	good song .
0	to much vocal music and noise .
1	saw him on agt , and loved his version of this song . had to buy it ! will hopefully get some other song .
1	older style music , which i like better .
0	thought the song would pick up but it doe not - we were looking for something a little more dramatic but it is kind of bland .
0	the tune were mccartney , the stack on each disc seemed awkward . excluding disc 1 , there were song included that were to be honest pure junk . tune i had never heard and they were poor representative of the career . i guess it is a bit like any other mccartney disc , you are lucky if you 5 out of ten that make sense .
1	this is one of the better collection out there . some very hard to find song on this wonderful 3 cd set . come in a very nice hard plastic box 3 cd holder which is rare these day . most multi-cd set case are flimsy and fall apart quickly . not this one . this is a bargain . it seems that the previous review wa for the wrong cd .
1	if you are reading this review , then you mustve been born recently , or stuck in some other time space continuum . i purchased this tape year ago when pete rock & c.l . smooth were new artist , and this song/album still bang now like it did then . i am just updating to digital .
0	i downloaded this on accident . gave it a listen and turned it off . saw the video and almost threw up in my mouth . this is not hiphop . probably some kind of wierd rap music
1	great price ! product a stated ! no problem !
1	promise made on signal mountain ha to be one of the most beautiful song i have ever heard . this entire cd is so calming ; i can not explain the sense of peace that come over me when i listen to it . if you are looking for something relaxing and uplifting , i would highly recommend it !
1	awesome song
1	almost a good a liza . my 2nd favorite dance version of this song . or at least upbeat tempo . highly recommend ,
1	billy squier wa a good a anybody back in the day , wa nice just to purchase the song i wanted .
0	i gave this a listen . a friend of mine know i am a big fan of frank , etc , so he thought i would like this . but , like so many young guy out there trying to sing like sinatra ( i am looking at you , mike buble ! ) , they fail because they have no heart . now , technically , seth is a good singer . i do not particularly care for his singing voice , but obviously he is got some talent there . i almost appreciate the 1958-era style of the album cover . i would like it more if they were not trying so hard to invoke the image of frank old lp cover . but seth singing ha absolutely no heart , no soul , whatsoever . and this is what is missing in the singing of today ; anyone who think they can pull off singing , doe , and we are left with a glut of talented singer , very few of whom i ever care to hear . this is one of them . i just can not take it . it is empty singing . no heart . - not to mention , it is frickin brian griffin singing ! ? impossible to listen to .
0	thought i wa downloading the original version . very disappointed .
0	i so much wanted to love this album ; dylan a sinatra . he must really believe that he doe not sound bad , but it wa painful to listen to the off key croaking . i love dylan and i have been a fan of frank for a long time . the longing and emotion were somewhat evident , but the production quality of the cd combined with the croaking were too much . i am very disappointed but will listen again when the weather warms up and i can drive along the ocean with my window open .
1	this is the hottest song i believe i have ever heard . a must for those who collect this type music .
1	this song is musically beautiful , and the lyric seem to speak to me far too often . cyndi laupers voice is expressive and this song is so touching .
1	i have worn it out , also gave a gift to family .
1	this song is one of those song that you listen to when you are looking for a healing and deliverance from self .
0	usually when you see a cd of little known tune from the classic era of r & b , you are in for some rare treasure . this is not one of those kind of cd . the tune are almost to a one poorly recorded , poorly performed , and lacking in appealing hook . this is one collection of lost soul that should have stayed lost .
0	do not . it doe not have vocal track in the mix . it is a straight-up repeating beat . when i previewed it , i thought maybe there were no vocal because it wa possibly too vulgar or they picked a weird place to put the sample . after all , it list all of the rapper in the artist column . wrong . wrong . i just spent a buck on half of this song . thanks a ton , whomever came up with this idea .
0	i downloaded the amazon player and everything and it will not play . waste of my 0.89 ! i will stick with itunes from now on .
0	came in distorted could not even hear it
0	i bought this album with an open mind . i truely enjoyed the duet with lee ann womack , mendocino county line . that wa the only good track . i thought that with the like of sheryl crow , bonnie raitt and rob thomas , this would be a comperable a the santana compilation . i wa sorely disappointed . the other celebrity artist sang back-up . you could barely even hear them . this wa a cheap attempt to draw in a more diverse audience by bringing in the big gun , but those big gun were nothing more than smoke and mirror . do not buy this album unless you want to flush your hard earned money down the drain .
1	beautiful music to enjoy
0	this is a poor recording of a great performance . i thought my stereo amplifier wa damaged when i heard the periodic crackling noise while playing the peer gynt suite 1 and 2. but no , i can hear the occasional hiss and pop noise ( but not a pronounced ) when playing the same track on my laptop pc using my bose headphone . this cd might be passable if you just listen to music on an ipod or phone . however , if you enjoy listening to great music on your hi-fi stereo , do not waste your money on this rubbish . i wish i could get my money back .
1	love slipknot new album , i am a huge fan aka maggot , highly recommend to all the maggot out there
1	it is a song , you either like it or you do not . i like it and therefore am recommending it to you . : )
1	sublime .
1	honestly , i wa never a huge fan of this song , the guy voice always seemed kind of whiney to me , but recently my husband mentioned that he love this song , one of his favorite , he think it is really romantic etc . . . . not the kind of thing you might hear very often from my hubby so i decided to buy a good copy of it and surprise him with a mix cd for valentine day . i have always known the lyric were romantic , but they have more meaning for me now . also , this digitally remastered version is way better than the other cheaper version . his voice doe not bother me now . just go to show how important recording quality really is .
0	a rehash of very old willie . 50 poorly recorded cut of the early year . total disappointment . look for better collection .
0	not the same sound a the original version . sound like a different singer ! yuck .
0	this is an original artist remake . if you want the original version of this song click here > & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/one-more-try/dp/b002sz2z80/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > one more try < /a >
0	this is not a piece of music . it is only used for tuning up an orchestra or instrument . unless you want to tune your musical instrument , do not download . all this is is a single tone , do not download .
0	lost and alone
0	do not have much to say about this a this wa something i had not even ordered . no real word for this at all .
1	it is a very happy song that you can not help but put on a great big smile to while you listen .
1	a great song , i love it .
0	i thought karaoke lyric came with the music . i would buy more if i knew the lyric came with it a in other karoake music
1	this song is awesome
1	another solid song from the new skillet album that showcase their softer side . while this is not nearly the side if skillet i often listen to , it is good enough in it own right . rating : 4
0	i am a vocal man , so i have always admired christinas vocal but somewhere down the line she lost sight of fun music , why is it that everyone today is putting together album that you have to listen to a hundred time and say what the hell doe this song mean , during my era of music it wa pretty simple . journey . lovin , touchin , squeezin , pretty simple huh . def leppard . pour some sugar on me , no college class to figure out what any of those song were about ! and i guess it is a necessity to have explicit language on every album now .
0	buyer beware ! i wa given this recording a a gift , no enhancement will help , it is awful . the diction is horrendous , the voice is deplorable . it is a pity that the aria and song are subjected to such a cruel torture . i never heard of this performer , i am just wondering if it wasnt a promotional item and that the seller wa duped , the person who gave me this gift , certainly wa .
1	obviously a classic !
1	a far a i am concerned there is no other choir that can stand up to this one . i you have ever never heard the star spanged banner sung by them it would be well worth your time to find it . p.s . i am not a mormon .
1	if you like chicago & like christmas music , this is the cd for you .
0	too expensive
0	this song becomes more and more depressing a time go along so i deleted it .
1	i have also been waiting for this cd for about 3 year now , and now that it is finally out . the anticipation is deffinatly worth it . i love this cd , it is just a amazing a i had expected . it is awsome . it is good no matter what type of music you usually listen to . it is a combinaiton or hip hop , and metal . it is an awsome combination . it is funny , adn serious . so nomatter wht your mood is you will enjoy it . i think that this cd ha just made my month . i got it the day it came out , and wouldnt have it any other way . go pick it up ! now !
1	simply put . yes . very relaxing . encouraging . motivating . hope instilling . inspiring . reminds you of good thing . encouraging you to remember the creator promise
0	not a energetic a other version . i wa expecting a little bit more . might be fine for background music etc , but not the song i wa looking for
0	this band is not original . they sound like everybody else . they are nothing new . i liked this band when they were called new found glory . brainwashed people . go listen to some real music , like refused or thursday .
1	great sound
0	thumb down
0	oddly amusing song . wa curious after hearing the song with her and new hubby chad kroeger . lyric for the younger audience , good beat !
0	wanted the song with the word . this is just instrumental .
1	i lost my cd of the manhattan so i picked up my hit here . great love song .
0	i tried to purchase this song on the amazon app for blackberry but instead of getting this one song the app tried to get me to download the whole album . now i am trying to figure out how to get a refund . love the song but the technology could be better .
0	this is not the original studio version of the song from the lp , it is the live version from the chuck berry film , hail ! hail ! rock n roll . it is misleading to label it re-mastered when it is a different version from the original .
0	i agree with the two other review saying still is tired here . nothing is inspiring here and still look like he is going thru the motion . his guitar solo are good , however his voice sound weak ( due to age i guess ) and i wa tired of the whole thing by the third song both solo and with his band . i think he should just stay with csn where he still shine around his fellow singer crosby and nash . he lack the inspiration playing with his band . he need young to step up and challenge him on stage to really get him going with guitar and crosby/nash to step up his vocal . i wa disappointed with this cd/dvd and will probably put it back in the collection for a repeat playing once in a while ( maybe ) .
0	great version of this tune . this and dread zeppelin version are both very cool for different reason . however , it is fuzzy sounding , and doe not quite play through to the end chopping off about 5 second . i will try to get a refund . it is so much better sitting at my home theater watching the credit of the movie . the visuals add more than you can know .
0	only a soulless piece of trash would support a band that justifies and support rape of a helpless innocent woman . and for good measure , their music suck !
0	sorry . but , that is ridiculous ( my opinion ) .
0	you can buy a cd same price with 73 track on it .so if you have not got that .then do not buy this nokia site a the album on download
1	i bought this uk edition of their debut album because it had extra track including boyfriend featuring snoop dogg ! i liked it !
0	i had pre-oredered this album on itunes , and could not wait to get it . i first fell in love with bright eye when i heard their album i am wide awake , it is morning . the gentle , yet strong instrument and focus on vocal had a large calming effect on me , which is why i grew to love bright eye . however , this album denies the acoustic glory that said bright eye album delivered . most of the song rely heavily on electric instrument and a distorted sound that come off a angry instead of thought provoking . i would not recommend this to anyone .
0	they do not pay me to lie / i am a wayne fan but not a fan of this album ? what happen
0	started out very slow , just could not feel it !
0	my favrit josh groban ever . i play it every few day . wish he would do more showtunes and le opera
0	i love this song i.accually searched for two week to find it then i had a brainstorm and used shazzam , and got it that way my 15 month old dance evrytime it come on . luv it .
0	have no clue what this is
1	a fun and lovely song to sing along to . i bought this version to play in the car for the little one . this is a classic must for child !
0	3 of the song on the cd are scratched : - (
0	i am all for freedom of speech , but this song is just shock value . not impressed .
1	fantastic !
0	i do not know what this album is going to sound like for katy perry ! , but i know for sure i am not going to hear the rest of katy ! quit writing song about split and divorce with russell brand ! get on with life and write some better tune . roar and walking on air is definitely keeper ! if you do not improve i will not buy one more thing from you ! sorry sweetheart ! lady gaga # 1 ! so there ! slut !
0	i will start off by saying i like blink 182 and also alkaline trio . when i heard skiba joined the band i figured we would get a awesome mesh , we did not . i thought tom wa the problem with the band but it seems to be mark , very mediocre effort . there are two song that are very short and initially funny but after further listening are very lazy . i get that the album is named california but how many time do we need that forced down our throat . and you guy are too old to be singing about being teenager anymore , let u grow a little .
0	i did not like any of this music . terrible selection . i am going to try and get a refund for this purchase .
1	ignoring her ridiculous behavior and wardrobe , this song is not only catchy , but powerful and sang really well . i absolutely love it and can listen to it over and over . excited for the full album !
1	this is one of the best various artist thing on the market . blur , frank black , cranberry , the posy , jellyfish and others-what is not to like ? the album is a solid collection of exclusive acoustic performance ( guitar mostly ) of a quality so good you will be amazed . too bad that , in the end , suede with my insatiable one just ruin the whole picture of otherwise acoustic masterpiece by great artist .
1	this song of epic proportion broke my understanding of modern philosophy and created it anew . it instilled in my heart such wonder that i can not even write in word how wonderfully wonderful it truly is . gangnam style not only fill your entire soul ( yes the entire soul ) with delight but also brings in a somber tone saying , everythings alright . that tone form in the back of my mind every time i hear this prodigy of true music to enlighten the soul . it keep whispering in my ear , go on , go over , you can do it . just a little longer . this song eclipse all other work of music , nay work of art in the world today ! beethoven would be proud , but he is dead . keep on gangnam , keep on !
1	the best !
0	i love dyan . this cd came a a shock . slow , boring , uninspired , dreadful . update , i listened to it again . it is even worse than i thought . his singing is like a parody ; it is amateurish ; he would be laughed off the stage at american idol . horrible ! i can not believe he released this .
0	i wa in my twenty when i first listened to this album . it made a very poor impression then , but i thought i would go back and take another look some decade later . this trio creative contribution to the band during jim morrison tenure were undeniably inspired : ray manzareks unique , soulful , creative keyboard rendition , robby kriegers classical-level guitar playing and superb songwriting ability , and john densmores understated but beautifully supportive drumming provided the core for arguably one of history greatest rock band . what i expected from these guy , particularly from the depth of their grief over their friend death - from such sadness often spring the most heartfelt form of creativity - wa an impressive , soul-chilling outpouring of creative spirit . robbie krieger , after all , wrote some of the door most popular piece , and while ray singing ability wa pretty questionable , he and the others were still exceptional musician who could plumb the gold in most song . i wouldve expected the song by and large to sound distinctly doorsian - if not in ray vocal , at least in the instrumentals and structure and basic mood of the song . this is what i expected . what i received wa a collection of song that to my ear sounded like a garage band on a bender . instead of an outpouring of creative angst from the depth of their artistic soul , their lyric , and melody sounded astonishingly , mind-blowingly , banal - lacking even the faintest trace of the rich , subversive , haunting melody and lyric that were the door at their gloomy gospel best . even their song title practically scream low-brow mediocrity ( i am horny , i am stoned ? seriously ? ) listening to this album , i can not believe anyone , not knowing who these guy were , would recognize anything doorsian about them . despite appearance , this review is not about bashing the surviving member of the door ; they provided far too much pleasure for me a a young man - and still do - to regard them with anything but the deepest respect and gratitude . for me this is about solving a mystery : how could people who wrote or collaborated on some of rock best song have produced something so devoid of creative merit ? my best theory so far is that jim morrison contributed something well-beyond his songwriting skill and even his incomparable vocal . i believe that contribution wa most fundamentally to serve a a focus for his bandmates creativity ( he may also have imposed a clearly much-needed discipline , by rejecting mediocre melody and lyric ) . something about morrison , i think , drew out the best in krieger , manzarek , and densmore . and perhaps morrison simply would not accept anything but the best from his bandmates . perhaps more than anything , he provided a clear and stellar vision of what they were about musically - a fertile world where their musicality could flourish . i have little doubt that if you placed a young , hungry jim morrison in front of these guy even now that something wonderful would result . i believe the post-morrison album vividly demonstrate that jim wa more than his stage antic , a pretty face , goosebump-producing voice , and even a songwriter : he wa a primal , creative force - a dionysus to his bandmate maenad . with him , they were a holy , orgiastic force ; without him , they were merely drunken creature stumbling blindly through the forest .
0	this is a very average song and cook scream in some place instead of singing . hard to believe that chris cornell wrote it .
1	for someone who is so strongly moved by the beauty of music , it melody and lyric a well a it arrangement and performance , i find this cd one of the most beautiful recording of all-time . once again and a always , the great nelson riddle showed off his trademark of excellence in orchestrating and conducting a dozen of ageless standard from the great american songbook . this cd will take u to a musical journey a we relish the timeless beauty of this sentimental music . with the superb instrumental skill of pianist don grolnick , drummer john guerin , bassist bob magnusson , guitarist bob mann ( who also played fabulously on rod stewart and steve tyrells recording ) and the creative flair of concertmaster david frisina , this cd offer some of the glowing moment of ms. ronstadts musical career . lush life , what is new ? and for sentimental reason are three of the greatest and most beautiful album of standard ever recorded . nobody sounded more expressive than ms. ronstadt singing when i fall in love , a song lamenting that love ha ended even before it ha begun . you can hear that beguiling guitar accompaniment by a fine guitarist , bob mann , complementing ms. ronstadts exquisite voice . likewise , nobody sounded so excruciatingly poignant with her moving rendition of when your lover ha gone . what lonely hour the evening shadow bring what lonely hour with memory lingering like faded flower life can not mean anything . . . in skylark , the singer made a mark on this song with her heartfelt rendition a she brings new life to this johnny mercer/hoagy carmichael classic . she also left a lasting impression to one of sinatra signature song i am a fool to want you , just like ol blue eye did with his meaningful interpretation . they both did the best version for male and female vocal , respectively . she swing lightly on rodgers & hart gem you took advantage of me , then she take it slower in mills/parish/ellingtons sophisticated lady . and pick up the light swing tempo again on can not we be friend ? sophisticated lady i know you miss the love you had long ago and when nobody is nigh you cry . . . you cry . if you are a lover of standard like me and an admirer of beauty in all it form , you should have this cd in your collection and take pleasure in listening to it endless beauty . here is to the magic of beautiful music !
0	yikes , who knew the celt were such big fan of synthesizer ! this christmas enjoy all the soul-less expression of elevator music without the elevator . oh , and remember , it is free so you have to like it .
0	i am certainly no prude and i like noisy music . i also find toilet humor funny like most men . however , i find this cd completely pointless and tedious . it is not at all funny , and there is little to no musical merit or melody to be found . every track of this excrutiatingly long cd is essentially the same - a guy screaming lyric in a strong french accent that sound a if they were written by a 14-year-old over unclassifiable , unprofessionally produced music which seems to be there only incidentally . i suppose some folk would know that a cd with a penis on the cover and a title like lung fart would not be their cup of tea , but for those ( like me ) who think these would be selling point , trust me , they aint .
1	great for gym time
1	good 1st lp . each song is good and it is quite enjoyable .
1	the title explains the song . it inspires a person to keep going and that they have value . keep it on !
1	perfect for reminiscing . affordable price esay download and i can carry this part of my past with me for whenever i need a blast from the past .
0	i really thought this album wa going to be a game changer . boy wa i wrong . i feel like this is a boring album . i only enjoyed a few song such a medicated and the plan . rolling paper had a couple song i love and still listen to on a regular basis ( when i am gone & camera ) . this album could have been so much more . all the hype and the push back for such an average album
1	i have followed lea since she first appeared on glee . she ha a voice that so powerful . and i am happy to see her career continues to climb .
0	this is not music , it is not anything but a bunch of people talking or having sex in the background with some flute or guitar barely heard in the background . wtf is wrong with you people for giving this cd a high rating . seriously , it is dumb . seriously folk , if you want to listen to a porn with no video , this is it . there is not any real music besides some light guitar or faint flute music . i can not believe this cd wa so highly rated . seriously dissappointed with the favoreable review , just unbelievable . you would have to be a moron to enjoy this .
0	the worst of billy joel . he should stick to studio album and even retire . his voice is not holding up .
1	love this song !
0	i like to download the free song and album to find artist that are different within their genre . sister hazel is not one .
1	lin-manual miranda is an outstanding composer ! he is a remarkable man making history on the stage with history a his inspiration and a musical form that allows much information in the shortest time !
0	this is not my type of music .
1	our first dance a husband and wife wa to this song . i hope we are dancing to it for year to come .
1	this wa one of my favorite song from the 60 . i have been putting together a playlist of all my favorite 60 song and this one had to be included .
1	bought this one when it wa new . a great double album of a neglected band . just listen to budd johnson for a start . the great drummer alvin burroughs , shorty baker and the young mr. b , are also on hand . grab it quickly .
1	1. i need your lovin 4.24 2. drummer beat 5.20 3. let u turn it up 4.49 4. just feel it 5.19 5. y.e.a.h . 5.09 6. licensed operator 6.24 7. tease me 6.14 8. mind , body and soul 5.22 9. come back 2 me 4.42 10. aint no miss 5.02 11. sundress 6.11 12. i never knew 6.12
1	it sound great and the price wa right
0	not one memorable song.disappointing
1	this music and the lyric really are enough to encourage you along the way . but the vocal are simply amazing and make it seem so easy . not everyone can do this .
0	with no doubt in my mind this is the worst unplugged album i have seen . katty perry simply is a studio artist . doe not worth to see her live singing . bad bad bad
1	not really a fan of the artist but i do like this song . great to listen to when i am at the gym for motivation .
0	something is up with the sound quality of this . i purchased it through amazon and received a digital download . the sound quality is weak , i do not know if i should try this again ? are the cd similar in sound quality ? it is a if too many db are being pushed through the system and you can tell a weakness in sound even at a low volume . it is weird !
0	would it kill amazon to get the original version of this song ? this remix is pure dreck , avoid like the plague .
1	i wanted a song that reminded me of our different cruise and this song doe it for me , it brings back all the memory
1	great great song .
0	please stop playing this song a hold music ! is your goal to get me to hang up ?
0	this cd wa terrible . and not just because he is using other artist music , and seemingly getting away with breaking the law ( for now ) . being that he is making a profit with this being sold on amazon . it is terrible because it is not well done . the transition are terrible . most of the song do not have any relevancy from song to song . where is the theme ? it is closer to a 10 second clip sample on random shuffle . i thought people who liked crap like lil wayne , souljah boy , justin beiber , or any name from a slew of non-talented performer who seemed to sell million of record , were in bad taste musically . this cd take that to a whole other level .
0	disc 2 of this digital audiobook is damaged . i tried downloading it a couple time , but it always skip repeatedly after about 23 minute into that disc . this is the equivalent of selling a new paper book with missing/ripped page . unacceptable .
0	all 4 side were completely scratched and the record would skip every other note
0	buy this album only to complete your dylan collection . even if you like sinatra you will be disappointed in dylan interpretation . if this is what he continues to put out i would suggest retirement with dignity . if this is something he felt he had to do then he should not have charged for it . very dismal , not even good for elevator music .
0	great
0	i am a huge stevie fan , and this one wa rather disappointing . i actually bought 2 of these , one for me , and one for a friend of mine . the friend listened to it first and said not the best work i have heard from her , but thanks for the cd ! so on a long road trip , i played mine . boo ! so disappointed . possible 2 song at best were steve quality , the rest were rather well , boring . sorry stevie . : (
1	a very strong set of song , both lyrically and melodically . and robin is in good voice throughout .
0	the vast majority of this cd are live recording which rarely do the artist justice . scott mckenzies san francisco ( be sure to wear some flower in your hair ) is one of the better quality song , marty balin and the town crier hellbound train is well done and dan hick and the hot lick how can i miss you if you never go away is quite humorous . overall this promise more than it delivers .
1	great song to give someone the nerve to speak their mind .
1	really really good !
0	this is a horrible arrangement . mr. hecocks begin with a bizarre cowboy theme on all black key that a piano student would learn on his first lesson . this theme is repeated during the recording . what doe a cowboy theme have to do with a worship song . strange .
1	what a great song . the fact that my daughter love it a much a i do is a bonus . the fact that it brought such a wonderful compliment to such a really well done and modern curious george is pure greatness !
1	great song
1	here is a frank sinatra single that for some reason i did not discover until a just a few year ago . ol blue eye recorded can i steal a lilttle love with the nelson riddle orchestra during his heyday at capitol record . released in january of 1957 the tune spent 19 week on the chart and peaked at # 15. the song appeared in the largely forgotten motion picture rock pretty baby starring sal mineo . this is a pretty good tune and i remain baffled why i had never heard it before . this is the original hit recording .
0	i guess the best way to describe my listening experience is by analogy . i think i wa spoiled on the old chicago . kind of like the 72/73 miami dolphin . i expected them to dominate for many year but wound up playing it safe year after year and never winning another super bowl . same here with chicago . 60 and 70 with their intense musical and political statement . and then 80 and 90 mega wimpy commercial hit . chicago is no longer relevant like they were in the 60 and 70 . such a shame ! it is also sad they sold out once again ! i thought they were inspired again after touring last couple year with earth wind and fire and that they wanted to do an album of significance . in many interview during their 15 year musical hiatus , robert lamm ha said that the band wa adamant about doing an album of relevance and that they would not be pigeonholed into a being ballad band . the band doe not seem very interested in their legacy . they are more concerned about funding their retirement year with this moldy drek . i also think that wea ( now and former label ) had creative control for this project . well . i am certain they will get some hit from this . 3 minute pop song for the ipod are the name of the game today . the song are marginal with a couple of exception like feel , 90 degree , already gone , better . if there wa no champlin , i would give it 0 star . since champlin wa coerced to do this cd , i give it 2 star for bill voice and songwriting talent . the rest of the guy need to think about the next record whether it is solo or chicago 31. ooops ! i will not hold my breath a this ha been rumoured to be their swan song . too bad !
1	use to deliver morning newspaper listening to this on tape .
1	love , love , love this song !
1	nice product . would recommend this seller .
0	please do not waste your money on this recording . it sound a though it were input to the computer sequencer without any regard to tempo on continuity . a very un-musical album .
1	except for a kiss a long a eternity , which is a lovely ballad that ha it share of vitas famous upper register , and is a very successful song , most of the track on this 2004 release tend to have a heavier beat and are great dance song , with vitas singing usually in a middle register . track 1 , 5 , 6 , 7 and 9 were co-written by vitas , track 8 , 10 and 11 written by him alone . total playing time is 36:15. i simply adore this cd . it is hard to imagine hearing it without being energized by it abundance of joy , enthusiasm and love . vitas music is a light that leaf no room for sadness and negativity . it is impossible to pick a favorite vitas cd , but this one hovers somewhere around the top for me . a warning must be said to be careful who you buy cd from . always chose a reputable seller with the highest rating ( a minimum of 98 % ) , a vitas , like many performer , especially those from distant land , is plagued with pirated disc . play list : 1 : a kiss a long a eternity . beautiful , melodic ballad . 2 : where is you , there is me . kuda ti , tuda ya ! get on your dancing shoe . 3 : do not keep silence so loudly . fabulous ! with some exotic techno sound . 4 : unlucky . a tune that will make you feel most fortunate and happy . 5 : half night half day . absolutely irresistible . 6 : heartbeat . try not dancing to this one . i dare you ! 7 : in short and a t shirt . keep those dancing shoe on ! 8 : mantra . nice techno flavor in this one . 9 : street of the capital . a cheerful , bouncy song , with a hint of that upper register . 10 : i believe in love . with sweet gentleness , this is all love . 11 : internet mood . no lyric in this one , just techno sound and the voice a instrument .
1	thank you , maurice white , for sharing your great talent with the world . you will live on through this incredible tune .
1	iv been collecting mucic for over 53 year and let me tell you that this 2 cd super rock . this is one cd i am proud to have in my collection !
0	not my purchase
1	i will make this brief a usual . tha animatrix dvd is what turned me onto anime , it is also a slight bit disturbing , but you know a well a i do that u 21st century human need to be disturbed once in a while . i always loved the music from the dvd , so decided , why not get the soundtrack ? and i did . what i did not expect is that the soundtrack is better than the movie ( in musical term ) . there is only one track on this cd that i do not like , and that is saying a lot . it is an interesting journey . through a synthetic world , via trance and techno beat . check it out , you will not be disappointed .
0	i am sure he ha other good cd , but i have not found it yet .
0	do not care if it your birthday or not . the song is awful . she need to be banned from radio completely . hide your wallet so you can make her go away .
0	i really get sad when i hear this new rap crap on top of the greatest band ever . i used to go see these guy when nobody even knew who they were . maybe show of 50 or 75 people . that wa the good ol day . god do i miss the house man !
1	when i first heard this song i thought for sure that it wa an old school throwback . robin thicke , pharrell and t.i . definitly hit the nail on the head with one . it reminded me of something you would hear from earth , wind and fire . i hope these three collaborate again .
0	ok
0	sounded like pure dog poo . his career is finished for suing h3h3 , go to hell
1	we just got this for christmas and it is a wonderful cd ! my four year old is asking great question about the song .
1	great song i am not that much into country but might be changing , ( not all the way , but will checking out ) love the song
0	i am trying to award this zero star but am forced to give it one . careful - most of the review here are for the 1994 broadway revival - which give high mark . this mp3 recording is for the 2008/9 london revival . the london recording is dreadful - truly awful . carousel in a cockney accent and badly sung . give this one a miss . try any of the others you find here instead . in fact this is so badly misrepresented by amazon by using the wrong review i am going to ask for my money back . - amazon duly issued a refund within a day of my request and agreed the wrong review are linked to this album . they are working on correcting the link ! if you arrived here from the link on the broadway cast revival cd page - this is not the mp3 album you are looking for . at least on july 3rd 2010 .
0	i would not buy this album . there is a track missing and the new dubbs in the speaking part are terrible !
0	this cd is absolute garbage . sellout britny spears/green day clone pop for public consumption . avoid everything from descendent and all in the 90 and later !
0	bought this a a gift for a family member who love musical . the song title do not appear on screen when they are playing . very frustrating !
1	shinedown being shinedown at their best ! similar yet very different from all their other offering ! keep it up gentleman !
1	i had extremely high expectation for mumford & son new album babel after listening to their first release over and over . so not too surprisingly i wa a little disappointed at first . but after a few play through , it grew on me and , while i still believe sigh no more is better album , babel is still a great cd of it own right . i am not a professional reviewer , so i will keep my review brief and just make a list of my favorite track ( in no particular order ) . they are mostly made up of the most up-tempo and catchy song on the album . my favorite track on babel : -babel -i will wait -hopeless wanderer -broken crown -the boxer
1	it is a fantastic mp3 that i can blast into my ear via my mp3 player=what is not to love ? i love how easy it is to purchase great sounding mp3s through amazon .
0	what ha natalie done to the tigerlily song ? gone are the upbeat mix from 1990s . in it place stand a moody post 9/11 collection fit for a stuffy vega lounge at 2am . what happened to natalie singing about the springtime of life like in these are day or romantic observation like verdi cry ? between this and her self titled album from 2014 it seems everything she ha released recently ha gone down a more somber path . do not leave your 90 fan wondering what happened .
1	this band ha a great sound & this is a very unique , fun christmas song . love the stringed instrument & old big band feel .
0	in general i dislike live recording , for two reason . in an actual concert , audience are often ill-behaved and unforeseeable issue always come into play that affect the performance of the day . no artist should ever be nailed down to an interpretation made under circumstance over which he or she had only partial control - a if that wa the artist last word on the music . this is grossly unfair , and review rarely acknowledge the difference , but treat live and studio recording even a rival for a vision of a work . let me put it this way : if i audition a work and read the score , i can be annoyed and distracted by traffic noise , dog barking and child screaming if they impinge on my hearing , and it is no different with all the extraneous noise that a live performance may enshrine . so my purpose is defeated . it is a different matter if i wish to be an indirect witness at a unique occasion , an opera performance which i have to miss out and can view or hear in my home , when indeed i would fully expect to put with anything for that period of time . exceptio probat regulam ! it can happen that a performance captured in a live session is free of all these chance and disturbance . call it lucky , if you will , but such recording exist . the album under review is one such . moreover it competes head on with another recording of the same force made in the studio , and it come off the better . schubert no . 9 ( or 7 or 8 , depending on which momentary academic fashion is in force ) wa recorded by davis in the context of a complete schubert issue . it ha several defect : ( 1 ) the sound is boxy and dull , painting an overall grey over the sound made by this otherwise magnificent orchestra . ( 2 ) davis play all the repeat in every movement . for a studio reading , this is idiotic , since it make all the movement much longer than their natural content would warrant , without adding anything other than the same music again . ( 3 ) the performance is routine all the way through , davis having one of his most uninspired day . all 3 point conduce to an unutterably boring account , saved only by the splendid playing of the orchestra . another time , h & auml ; nsslers engineer were on hand to open the mike during a live performance . on that day , davis produced something entirely different . he wa alive and alert , judged tempo judiciously and ( i suspect ) played to the audience instead of the microphone . moreover he cut the repeat down and suddenly the whole architecture of the work make sense . event played out inside of the work acquire deeper meaning because climax are not repeated , but make their point in the unfolding of the drama once and for all ( mvmts 1 , 4 ) , melody are not trundled along mindlessly a dozen time ( mvmts 3 , 4 ) , and most importantly the vivacity of most of mvmts 1 and 4 is not sacrificed to academic criterion , but to a situation of living music making . even the sound is an improvement on the studio recording . the question remains in the end where to place these recording . but i think i have answered that question implicitly . the studio recording might be located in an arbitrary place near all the other indifferently conceived , but well played recording - e.g . in the vicinity of muti , karajan , ormandy , steinberg ( boston ) et al . the live recording move up a considerable number of slot . it is not top class , a defined by the classic recording of krips , b & ouml ; hm and wand ( berlin ) , but in the company of otherwise excellent issue such a blomstedt ( dresden ) , bernstein ( concertgebouw ) , giulini ( chicago ) , tennstedt and solti . an honourable place , even if the last ounce of conviction is lacking . ( p the album you are contemplating at the moment is the studio recording ) .
0	i wanted the song so bad that i also ordered the re-mix but did not know that it wa the album . i don ; t have a turntable to play it on . i have no use for it .
1	yes , music is soothing and pleadsnt
0	beautiful , timeless love song ! delight in the magic of enduring love and devotion with these 74 romantic ballad performed by the legendary star that made them famous . dim the light , then fall in love all over again with . rose are red ( my love ) , bobby vinton * i will always love you , dolly parton * endless love , lionel ritchie with diana ross * when a man love a woman , michael bolton * always on my mind , willie nelson * you are so beautiful , joe cocker * crazy , patsy cline * candle in the wind , elton john * song by original artist : disc . 1. what a wonderful world - unchained melody - do not it make my brown eye blue - candle in the wind - green , green grass of home - crazy - morning ha broken - i will always love you - being with you - blue bayou - lady - got to be there - breakin up is hard to do - time in a bottle - rose are red ( my love ) - everything is beautiful - love letter in the sand - memory - december 1963 ( oh , what a night ) - send in the clown . disc . 2. always on my mind - the wedding song ( there is love ) - you do not have to say you love me - the last waltz - time of your life - ( hey will not you play ) another somebody done somebody wrong song - the most beautiful girl - please mr. please - i will have to say i love you in a song - unforgettable - i am sorry - all i have to do is dream - make the world go away - when i fall in love - release me ( and let me love again ) - blue velvet - it is impossible - chance are - moon river . disc . 3. when a man love a woman - save the best for last - you are so beautiful - dream a little dream of me - by the time i get to phoenix - paper rose - stand by me - delta dawn - i only have eye for you - the impossible dream - the wind beneath my wing - wild world - honey - and i love you so - the look of love - make it with you - reason to believe - sorry seems to be the hardest word . disc . 4. our day will come - the way i want to touch you - wichita lineman - let it be me - i will never love this way again - my melody of love - i can see clearly now - i could not live without your love - one le bell to answer - i would like to teach the world to sing ( in perfect harmony ) - we have got tonight - endless love - goin out of my head/ can not take my eye off of you - up where we belong - best thing that ever happened to me - three time a lady - an old fashioned love song - your wildest dream .
1	her voice is awesome . she could sing the worst song ever , and make it sound like silk !
1	it is been a while since i have really listened to tegan and sara , but when in heard i could not be your friend i immediately had to buy the album . i am so glad i did because i had forgotten how much i loved them ! i love this album - it is a bit different than what their old stuff wa like , but it is still awesome !
1	another memorial song of whitney
1	i found this worship cd in a store randomly . it ha some of the best praise and worship song ever . i can not help but get up and praise my god when i hear these song . what a blessing !
0	strong political view that are ranted about through the medium . refuse to listen to it a second time .
0	not really chistmas-y , just 12 1/2 minute of repetitive and tedious listening . thankfully , it wa free , otherwise i would have wanted my money back .
0	downloaded this thinking it wa something else . not my style of music at all . be sure to preview before purchasing .
1	fun song
1	excellent album , prompt delivery .
0	i brought this cd off of impulse and i wa little naive because i did not do my research . i give this album a 2 because it ha a couple new track , but there are only 7 and most are from his free mixtape . you can get his mixtape so far gone for free , online which ha 17 track and is a lot better . it ha good track flow , great production and basically professionally put together just be a mixtape . i have a feeling the record company released this ep to make some type of profit off of drake popularity .
0	the mix on this song is awful , the background noise take over which tell me they are trying to hide a lot of flaw in nias voice . she is from the t.v . show dance mom and should have let abby lee miller produce her song . abby a she doe in everything that she work on put out excellence song for the girl she produce . nia and her mom holly made a big mistake not using abby : a this song is awful , even the title is bad what doe a 14-15 year old know about staring in your own life ? the cover is tacky , it look like they used microsoft word to spell nias name in shadow ! bad all the way around . save your money and order kendall vertes song wear em out now that is a great song and you can buy it on amazon for .99 cent . your picture on the cover should have been centered . sorry , nia i am afraid a music career is not for you .
1	a a worship leader i look forward to every new release from chris tomlin . each new project will contain song that , in time , become the cornerstone of our worship set . i have listened to burning light almost non-stop for the past several week and i believe this is one of tomlins strongest effort to date . listen to this project for a couple of day and you will not be able get the tune to whom shall i fear ? out of your head . we incorporated his rendition of crown him with many crown ( majesty ) on easter sunday morning and it wa very moving . keep em coming chris .
0	ton of scratch and record skip .
1	a great album . i am now a great new fan .
1	another solid release ! this cd fit in well with the rest of the music ty ha put out over the year .
1	love it , best vocal on history , oh my gosh , unbelievable .
1	i love anything royalty free . this album ha everything in 30 sec , 60 sec , and full track . these track range from movie track to high energy rock . with this album you get over 50 track . i will use this high quality music and in my independent film project .
0	i never seen so many of her video ( like die young ) that ha nothing but anti-christ and illuminati symbolism in them . i thought lady ga ga and mondana wa bad . if you do not catch it then your being programmed .
0	far too sappy . vastly overproduced . where is the rawness and fire of the earlier day ? a tremendous dissapointment . the only good thing about it is i do not own it . a friend let me listen to it after i let him borrow some widespread panic . boy did i ever get the short end .
0	i ordered this twice and both time the record would skip , like it wa warped . it did not look like there were any scratch .
0	i read some sterling review and finaly tracked down this rare cd . no idea why the review were so impressive . someone mentioned srv and hendrix in the same breath - pure insult . his vocal are very poor , but are still better than the frantic noodling that pass for solo on this poor offering . how you can butcher something a basic a roadhouse blue is beyond me . his guitar playing ha absolutely no direction and his tone is a 60isch fuzztone that sound ancient . all the solo are pointless finger exercise . there are about 800 or so better player in my collection and this one ha not one redeeming feature . try rhett tyler or michael katon for some sizzling blue guitar .
1	great song to work out to ! love it . inspiring !
0	this product did not download properly . a a result i had to download a second time - incurring a second charge ! i wa robbed !
1	love their music
0	not clean ! still ha the word damn .
1	my favorite recording of my favorite classical piece . played by the master himself . it long but worth it . everyone should hear it at least once .
1	i will always love 3 door down !
1	even if you do not dance , you can not help but move to this music .
1	all about our god !
0	i am a huge floyd fan . i love everything since dark side , and much from before dark side . i love post-waters floyd , floyd with roger water , and i love a lot of the solo song from water , from gilmour , and from wright . i did not enjoy this album . i heard it once through and that wa enough . i do not think it is a money grab , it just suck . edit : perhaps floyd , or at least those that remain , deserve an album retrospect , in whatever way they desire . that is what i consider this . i just would not have bought it if i had heard it first .
1	one of the top 10 christmas single ever .
0	i bought this for my 8 month old and she is not impressed by it at all . she much rather listens to the radio . guess i could have saved the money
0	the song is not being sung . it is an orchestra playing the instrumental . given it is not what i expected i rated it 2 star . but if you are into orchestra and instrumentals you may love it . could play it at bed time .
0	sad sad album ! a an old fan of marilyn mccoo i jumped to buy it when i saw she had a new release . to my deception ! the album is a collection of old hit produced like it wa recorded in a lobby of a 2 star hotel ! they both lost a lot of their velvet voice from the past though marilyn mccoo still keep her perfect and crystal clear english . the highlight of this album is her reedition of bacharahs this girl in love with you . there are two extra dowloadable song that only god know how it work to get it ! if you are a fan of hers you will still get it but do not expect it to be what it used to be ! i had it because i am still faithfull !
0	this is not the version that wa sampled by mobb deep . i have yet to find that version for sale . this is not a good substitute in my opinion .
1	i enjoyed the music ; however , would prefer to be able to purchase a cd rather than just a download . would give five star if i could have purchased an actual cd .
1	it is definitely a cry shame that these guy have been together for so little time . this paris concert is a superb mix of free jazz , post-bop and avant-garde . by listening to it you can find out why chick corea is by far the best pianist ever appeared on the jazz scene since the 60 and why dave holland wa and still is one of the most important bass player in the world . barry altschul is superb a well and yes , anthony braxton is not a comfy in playing standard a his bandmates but he fit here great anyway . although being an item for accustomed ear , this is not to be missed by any real music lover .
1	great song ! i have always liked crow , so that is no surprise . you would think ! but believe me , i wa surprised to hear sheryls voice accompanying this music during the end credit to the film k-pax . it wa so unlike the many other hit she ha released over the year . the music itself is no different from the beautiful and spacy score that enveloped the movie nicely . the only other song in the movie is elton john rocket man , a classic . unfortunately these two track were excluded from the soundtrack . it is just the score . so look elsewhere for this great song ! trust me , you will not be disappointed .
1	the best in country music .
0	this is another case where le is more . i found the sound of rain to be very heavy and unrelenting . instead of a sound of a refreshing spring shower i felt i wa caught in a deluge .
1	i love this song because it reminds me of the movie kill bill . i even use it a a ringtone for my phone .
0	lousy quality recording , you really have to be a die hard zappa fan to like it . i would also say it is best to listen to after 6 or 7 beer .
1	i would ask people to purchase beyonce if they like this artist . music is an individual choice and should be treated a such .
0	horrible . sings through his nose and steal all of his guitar lick from others . do not bother with this one .
0	ac/dc fan will love to rock out with the master of rock . the recording are great , the hit keep coming song after song .
1	love this corney song i play for anyones birthday
0	i have ordered 2 time the same product from amazon and the 5th track had a problem on both .
0	i am not sure what those who gave this 4 or 5 star are thinking . this is awful ! i realize there will always be sycophant of certain band who are so enamored with them they will always rate 5 star when it is painfully obvious 5 star are not in order . this is certainly one of those time . this cd is horrific , and that is being charitable . i love old van halen - they are among my all-time faves . but this ? who , in their right mind , can give this crap 3 star , much le 4 or 5 ? dlr sound terrible ! reprehensible . i will not even go into the sammy v david argument since i never really cared for the hagar year . i love sammy a a solo artist , but did not care for his work with van halen , but i prefer his mediocre work with them to roth garbage now .
1	good song .
1	a good song you don t hear everyday . a great song for those who are in love for the first time !
0	bought for airline flight for off line it is in the cloud and can not lisen off line
0	if you like the movie you love the soundtrack , i know i did
1	beautiful
0	i do not understand this at all . there are no redeeming quality to this recording whatsoever and no reason for it to exist . i am a avid a fan of bob dylan a there is but he doe not serve himself well with atrocity such a this or that inane christmas album . i have to go listen to blood on the track and oh mercy now before my mind implodes .
1	my niece love it !
1	very happy with our purchase and delivery .
1	praise god , another sweet jam from lecrae !
1	love anything josh sings
0	frankly , i have no idea what the other review is trying to say . however , i will issue a caution to anyone considering purchasing this track : notice that this is a remix of level , and not the version you probably know from the radio . if you are a dj , this could be a great addition to your collection . if not , well , this might be what you are looking for anyway : just be warned that this remix is pretty mind-numbingly repetitive .
0	after i had heard david gilmore talk about this project , i have to admit , i wa excited to get my hand on this box set , from one of my fav . band . i could not even get through 12 song before i realized , what a collection of cutting room floor garbage this crap is . david and nick are banking on the popularity of floyd , to sell this garbage , and will probably do well with their past image . i find nothing new or even the slightest bit interesting about the music on this disc . the two song done on the dvd disc , ( which i have not watched yet ) might be the only good thing about this disc collection . the booklet is kind of ok , but even that is not worth the price you pay . if you feel you must have this , i suggest you wait a couple of year , and you can get a used copy ( only played once ) for very cheap . in fact , you can have mine for 3 dollar . lol
0	a big disappointment . purchased based on the high praise it received in a recent aarp magazine publication .
0	downloaded just fine . not sure what else to say about an mp3 purchase other than i did not like the song and it work just fine .
1	this is a classic . anyone into hard punk should give this album a try . especially , good riddance is an amazing song . great precision and no mercy .
0	not a relaxing music a i though it would be .
0	when i first played this cd , i thought to myself that the singer did not sound like johnny rodriguez . then i looked at the cover of the cd and noted the following : all selection are new stereo recording performed by the original artist or one or more member of the original group . not sure what this is supposed to mean , but to me the singing doe not sound like the johnny rodriquez that i am used to . do not waste your money on this unless you like johnny rodriquez song that sound like they are being sung by someone else .
1	elizabeth powell vivid lyric float over melodic , garage rock with her hauntingly beautiful voice . the title track , some are lake , is the strongest with it narrative of lost young love . the band next album , cloak and cipher is even better .
1	great guitar and synth meld together pleasantly . vocal are smooth and hypnotic . overall a great album .
1	it is classic michael jackson ! how can you be anything le than thrilled at thriller ! it is just a great album at a great price ! it is time le and you can not go wrong with adding this little gem to your collection !
1	love this music . voice are amazing . beautiful in every way . loved it from the very first time i heatd it .
0	those that have followed grace and the noc , this is a disappointment . grace is much to talented a songwriter for this . this is an artist like picaso doing a paint by number . if you liked never going back v song with meaning like apology or big white gate , this is for you . gone are song with meaning , soul , truth , blue , replaced by techno . i ms the guitar riff between scott and benny . i miss a piano solo like star . i miss a rocker like ah mary or stop the bus . the influence of neil young , zep , steve miller , stone , and janis are replaced by pop singer . yes every artist ha the choice to pursue and grow . every fan ha the choice to buy . my prediction will be a nocturnals reunion in the near future . i waited week to post a review to give it a chance to grow . it ha not .
1	this music reminds me of the early album of gary numan , mostly because of the instrumentation used . i like the science fiction theme and robby garner vocal . prodigy 7 ha become one of my favorite , and i really like control .
1	another one of that amazon had a a sampler when i got it . i have enjoyed listening to this countless time . i also recommend the 2013 version .
1	we all listen to different music ( classical , country , heavy metal , blue , rap , pop , folk . ) so it is rare when we like the same band . this is the band . this is album is wonderful . not a stinker in the lot = )
0	when it ha came down to rihanna and kanye west , their song have honestly been more jaded than strong from the heart . but when i had heard they were going to make a song with paul mccartney , i thought this wa going to be a bigger crash and burn with their voice . only one for kanye wa absolutely awful , and not even worth the time and the effort in regard to the love of his daughter with kim kardashian . rihanna and kanye west collaboration with paul mccartney , four five second is absolutely very low for both of them . they have absolutely no chemistry with sir paul classic rhythm and classic songwriting . for rihanna , it is one of the worst song she ha came out with , and she need to really find her voice all over again , and for kanye , it is the most rogue thing he ha simply done , and lost his own voice at the same time . for rihanna fan , she need much stronger for her next work , and she wasted her own time with low gimmick . song : d
0	the jewel case wa badly damaged in shipment , and i despaired of having a flawless product . the cd came through in perfect condition however . i have used the cassette version of this product for many year to keep me on pace during my walk . when i played the cd , i noticed that the producer have considerably increased the pace of many of the selection , so i will not be able to use it any longer for my walk . unfortunately , i had to open the package in order to determine this , so i am out of luck a far a returning it is concerned ! too bad they did not leave a great product a it wa . sadly , it is not going to be my favorite any more .
1	what a great song ! gwen stefani is an awesome lead singer . i have always been a fan ! this song never get old .
1	i fell in love with this song on ghost ship . i had to do some research to find the actual song , a it is not on the album , but i am glad i found it . it is so pretty , and the singer ha a beautiful voice .
0	sum 41 ha no talent . they are not skilled by any mean and the lyric are just horrible . if you want something close to decent in the pop-punk genre , try new found glory , the ataris , or maybe older blink-182 material . this album is made for stupid punk with no attention span that are in the scene for the wrong reason . it kill me to see so many people enjoy this trash when there is so much good music out there . do not degrade yourself by buying and supporting this no talent band . pick up some afi or bad religion to truly understand the real meaning of being punk .
1	at first i thought this wa a keith urban but i wa surprised that it wa jason mraz , but i still love it .
0	full disclosure , i have not listened to this entire album . it wa just too awful . look , the bottom line , this album is 40 year too late . if this ha been released in the 1970s when everyone wa on psyc drug , then i am sure it wouldve been a huge hit . but this is 2014. it just doe not work .
0	it wasnt worth the wait
0	everything about this album is just bad . from the atrocious cover and title to the ridiculous tracklisting . it is terrible . ok , let u start it with the obvious . how do they forget the ya-yas version of midnight rambler again ! ? hell , even the album version would be acceptable . that song is undeniably a stone classic , in every single sense of the word . it wa bad enough to miss it on 40 lick , but it omission here is indefensible . that alone would stop me from buying it or recommending it . you could make a full cd of song that do not deserve to be here . more than half the third disc is garbage from their worst year of songwriting . then some classic that do not really deserve the title appear again in place of true hidden gem . are not fade away , have you seen your mother , fool to cry , respectable , and the last time really better song than can not you hear me knocking , moonlight mile , let it bleed , and all down the line ? and come on . street of love , harlem shuffle , highwire , love is strong , anybody seen my baby , do not stop ? over album cut like sway , bitch , and monkey man ? i get you want to have a collection that span their entire career , but they should really focus on the golden year , rather than equal time allowed for these awful 90 cut . hell , i mean even we love you , little red rooster , and heart of stone are bad choice . look , i know i have a bias . i love these boy . disregarding whatever category the beatles might fall into , they are inarguably the single greatest rock ` n roll band of all time . but even a a major major fan , i would not recommend this album to anyone interested in getting into the stone . i cut my teeth on this band with 40 lick . it wa a good intro to the band . or should i say disc one wa a good intro to the band . it is basically the same story here , although they were smart enough to add she wa hot ( even though the shine a light version is much better ) and the killer , kick-ass , powerhouse rock off . other than that , there is no difference between them . 5 star for the music , obviously . i mean some of these song still bring a tear to my eye when i listen to ` em . insanely , absurdly , unbelievably great stuff . but do not get this album . it is not worth the price . find a friend who love the stone ( if you are smart , you will have a few ) and ask them to make you a mix . or get 40 lick , used , for a couple buck . just stay away from this nonsense . no midnight rambler ! ? the title grrr ! ! ? . a gorilla ! ? i give up . i am going to my room and putting on sticky finger .
1	love it !
0	barefootin wa on there , which is not the song we were after . we wanted let go baby , which wa supposed to the b side , but instead it wa mountain of love by harold something or another . it came from a series of collectible .
0	dissapointed with this one . love johnny cash but the sound on this one is not good . sorry that i downloaded it to my kindle .
1	it is a great cd ! i enjoy every song . you need to be aware , though , that there are 3 song that would not be considered christmas song . they are amazing musician . good quality sound .
1	i am not sure a i can recommend this title any more than my fellow enthusiast , but herere my thought . in the trend of cd re-releases of classic gospel amazing grace , the complete recording offer more than one take on many tune . and that is a good thing ! the best way to enjoy good gospel more is to listen to it again . and since these are live recording , the spirit move and move . i love aretha , especially here . her voice and spirit soar and we are taken with them . the reverend move u in the way only he can . and let me take a moment here to offer a hallelujah and amen ! for the 1972 southern california community choir . they are with the leader at every turn and their love for our lord come shining through . and that is what a good gospel choir is , my friend . thank you , lord . praise jesus .
0	when it ha came down to beyonce knowles , and today diva , she ha became the most overexposed product in music today . sadly , the quality of her voice ha died and so ha she in song . but nevertheless , when she wa a part of destiny child , she made the decision to make a solo effort and try and prove she is more in voice and heart . her solo debut song crazy in love is the very least her benchmark into her solo work , and the beginning of her relationship with her husband jay-z . they have had other collaboration for her career like the wasted deja vu , and the recent drunk in love which sounded more like a waste of time in voice and heart , and bonnie & clyde 03. it is not a good song , because it ha been overplayed but the very least it is her best work with her husband . still , there need to be better in voice and being crazy in love . song : d+
1	the first time i heard this song , it wa during a time where i wa sad almost every day . thing were not looking good for me . but the song , the lyric spoke to me and helped me to cheer up . very inspirational for me .
0	very poor recording quality .
0	i am not a fan of the new stuff . : (
1	i love this song . it is exactly the same a what i had heard from the dvd . great quality sound . i stored the sound in my amazon cloud .
1	it is pretty good . had it playing outside the front door halloween night . good mood maker .
0	intro is ok lol
0	do not appreciate any nudity openly on amazon
0	what a horrible song to write about the awful deed you did . innocent child were involved ! the lyric are atrocious . i know that because i read them online . you can never understand a word this woman say .
1	fantastic ! possibly his best album yet
1	pretty good album . love the option to download and get cd for almost the same price
0	i wa so excited that slug and murs were teaming up with aesop for the 3rd felt release ! i have only listened to it about 3 time , but my first impression were of disappointment . one of my favorite aspect of the felt series is they were great from beginning to end ; this thing ha me skipping track and still not impressed . i am a huge fan of felt and hopefully it will grow on me , but this is definitely the weakest of the three and is more awkward than entertaining . there is a ton of talent in this trio , but it just doe not mesh in this album .
0	if you are a tango dancer or d.j. , looking for a collection of the most danced-to tango in either the u.s. or argentina , you will be sorely disappointed with this collection . it contains few , if any , of the the essential golden era hit . instead it is comprised of mostly relatively obscure , non-danced-to , listening-only tango : early gardel , piazzola , etc . that you would almost never want to play at a milonga . calling the collection 50 essential tango is misleading at best . avoid it .
0	on 12.29 , i am waiting out in the colorado cold until about 2 am to see if i could get jim heath ( the reverend horton heat ) signature on a poster . first , he said , do you have a pen ? i said i did , and pulled out a blue sharpie . he next said , is it blue ? i said it wa . he proceeded to tell me he doe not do blue pen , and boarded his luxury motorhome . please do not support jim heath . jimbo and scott churilla signed the poster without hesitation , and are good guy . jimbo even took the time to take a picture with u .
1	my son came to me one day with tear in his eye playing this song on his phone . he said he only had one request of me , dad , promise me that if i should pas before you that you will play song at my funeral . well what could i say but , only if you will do the same for me son . very touching day for u . thanks guy .
0	considering the review and the pedigree and the musicianship . just no soul , the singing . voice , doe not work ( for me ) i get - that they are good - just reminded me of the good stuff from the 70
1	love this song !
0	there is no reason for me to listen to music . it just suck really bad and ha no love in it .
0	i expected more musical growth from the band .
0	it is just a preference . it is not my cup of tea that is all . too heavy going for young child i think .
0	paid for it but never downloaded
1	a golden oldie for sure
0	disappointing ; very much mor type music . not what i had hoped for , sadly .
0	0304 see jewel cross-over from her folk-country root to pop . laced with heavy beat and keyboard , this album fails to ignite and feel labored and intense . whereas , jewel excels in organic music with beautiful storytelling , this album really is a step in the wrong direction for her . her beautiful voice get lost in production with only the moderately successful intuition making any mark on the listener . i love jewel but failed to find anything in this piece of work that inspired me . a disappointing affair overall . i think that she will look back on this one with regret .
1	i have not heard anything of his since the crossover that i did not like . i can listen to him all day .
1	my mom love this cd . i made her day .
1	i have been following the songwriter singer since 2006/2007 a a member of brogian bard and independent solo artist and have never heard something that i did not like and usually loved marc gunn is talented in many different hat such a podcaster for celtic music in many different format listen to him again and again a he always make you feel ultimately good even his death song album . his take and twist on scifi and parody are among the best
1	i miss those goodnight kiss
1	love this version of tu amor mi amor by formula five . use to listen when growing . my mom love the song , good time .
0	not the same kimbra !
0	deleted
0	great song written and song originally by cheryl wheeler who can sing .
0	while i am a berlin fan , i wanted to go back while listening to these song in the car . i should have read closely - these are not the original . while the are good , they are not the same . time to replace/repurchase with the original .
0	did not have the intro music .
1	i love this song and group ! it brings back memory of my youth . thanks for having this song for me to purchase .
1	nice mellow song about reminiscing about day gone by what could have been if feeling between two people had been in sync .
0	i wa a huge fan of dm album like music for the mass , black celebration , and violator . i also enjoyed people are people , some song on broken frame and much of speak and spell . but , most of this record never did anything for me . it is rare for me to have had a tape in the 80 that i did not really try to like from band i liked . but , a few song like lie to me are good a i recall , but people are people is a stronger early mode post speak and spell choice . stick with music for the mass , violator , black celebration , people are people , and speak and spell .
1	mixing deathcore with coheed and cambria , periphery may just be the next big thing in the metal world . the world of screaming mixed with clean vocal ha become increasingly crowded over the past few year . the style that once saw band ostracized from the metal world for not being hard enough ha finally found a niche of it is own , albeit one that is being beaten into the ground by a lot of me toos . periphery brings enough fresh idea , along with a solid understanding of their root , to craft an album well worth owning . while certainly not for everyone , a the screaming can get pretty brutal , the quality is high from beginning to end . if you are into the deftones then periphery will be right at home in your collection .
0	pretentious , bombastic and utterly devoid of charm , this is exactly the kind of thing spinal tap parodied in performing stonehenge . this is truly one of the worst album i have ever heard .
0	can not stand the voice , or the inst1rumentals in the back . i mean , whats the refund policy ? gad !
0	i wa really hoping for that sound they make . loved other album of theirs . but this one is different . it good . but i do not care for it . it wa a great buy .
0	it wa a cassette useless .
0	please update it to the new national anthem that libya ha now . a after the liberating libya from qaddafi this anthem ha changed
1	great metal song
0	i have bought music through amazon preferring them to itunes because because itunes try to control their music too much . however after the latest mp3 purchase , i find it now amazon ha made it a difficult a possible to download their music to my itunes . bye-bye amazon . i guess i am gon na have to go back to the itunes store a much a i hate to .
0	never rec it
1	another hit .
0	i can not figure out why this song wa so popular in the first place ? only thing i can tell you is stay away from this one . worst song in the 90 period .
0	did not sound a good a it did in bourne identity !
1	i love this song ! i also like this girl is on fire ! i love her ! i look forward to her next album !
0	i saw this song and artist on octane from sirius xm . whatever i bought is not it . these guy seem very angry .
1	love it !
1	the 80 relived
1	oh yes ! this is one of tjose song where if you need a little bit encouragement just pop it on and a the title say just let it go .
1	i love this song . it fit the movie .
1	such a beautiful song
1	this is a very good album . saw him perform some of these song at sacramento , ca in 1971 .
0	this track doe not work ! played once and that wa it ! gave one star because i received a prompt refund . hope this help .
0	having worn out my vinyl copy of animalism , the animal third album , the first beeing the animal and the second animal track , i bought the cd on the repertoire label and it easily qualifies a the worst remastering job i have heard so far . the original punchy sound with excellent bass and good high definition is degraded to a muddy sound that sound like beeing re-recorded in a bathman plus that someone put some strange extra echo on the track . a complete failure ! repertoire should fire the engineer and give it another try- thank god i have the original on tape - in stereo !
0	the bad news is that even though this album transported me back to 1986 , the music wa just a awful a i remembered it . serious hair metal , here . i listened to the whole album through prime music ( thanks , amazon ) and decided that even though this is getting glowing review , stryper just is not for everyone .
1	this a great cd by two great artist . it is pure country , both vocal and the music are outstanding .
0	not traditional music , very synthesized new native music - not what i wa expecting .
1	this is one of my all time favorite song . even if you are not a country music fan i would recommend this song . well worth the price of the mp3 .
0	this is one of my all time favorite song ~ i got a new phone and wanted this a my ring tone like i had on my android . i down loaded the song and attempted to listen to it and got nothing but static . it wa a waste of my time and money !
1	nice song - i am not a big fan of old school country but this one not bad . a couple time in the song the lead vocal is a bit wobbly but she recovers well .
0	i am a huge manowar fan since 1982. i have a tattoo of manowar on my right arm . i have seen the band live probably 12 time both in the u and in europe , and have met them personally on occasion . it pain me to say it but this album is horrid . yes , the production is poor but that is not the main problem . the song themselves would not have made any of teh previous album . ( i liked god of war ) . this is the first manowar album i have heard ( and i have heard them all - many time ) that lay totally flat , sound bad , and doe not have a single song that i find worthy . i would not expect many , or any , of these track to make it to a live show . i am still a fan of the band , i always will be , but i need to call it what it is ; horrid .
1	good cd
1	this instrumental version of over the rainbow is absolutely perfect . it seems silly at first but give it a listen and you might see why i am saying it is good . a 101 string orchestra really fill out this song and help it deliver the impact it wa intended to especially during the chorus . preview it and judge for yourself .
0	the item wa ( it ) broken
1	i have to admit that i know very little about the cover of a cover of a cover of a song genre , but in my opinion this is the best one since britney spear cover of madonna cover of marilyn monroe covering happy birthday for jfk . it is even above that silent night one that wa re-covered one hundred and eighty time by nashville artist alone ! i know how proud and happy glee must be to have become an integral link in the chain of this infinite artistic loop of admiring immense posterior through song .
0	not the one i wa looking for
1	i do not pretend to be familiar with the detail of tanes career aside from what i can infer from listening to her music - and i have not yet heard all of her 1990s-era release ( because they are a little difficult to find . ) but given the fact that the vast majority of her work subsequent to the 1990s fall into the pop and light jazz genre , i get the impression that for hetero her manager ( or producer , whatever , ) wa trying to nudge her into alt-rock , that tane herself wa more interested in . pop and light jazz , but acquiesced to a harder-edged album all the same . an artist is going to follow her own path , obviously , but i wish tane-san wouldve done an album or two more of straight-ahead rock , because she is good at it and her voice is well suited for it . the hetero album is something that fan of rock and female vocalist should snap up at their first opportunity , because although it ha some minor downside , it is akin to a buried pop-rock treasure . since there is no track listing here i will do a blow-by-blow : 1. kaeshite ( give it back ) start with a strange , almost playful verse , take some wonderfully unexpected twist in chord progression , pick up a stark , thin drumbeat , then dive into an excellent , somewhat angsty chorus which , again , traverse a chord progression unlike anything i have heard before . just a great , understated rock tune . 2. down is far more poppy , but with the same arresting vocal attitude . the groove here is just acoustic guitar and vocal over simple percussion and later some subtle keyboard , but here is where tanes unique voice shine through . it is difficult for me to explain exactly why , but her voice reminds me of phoebe snow . maybe it because of that strange vibrato , which sound both tightly-controlled and loose at the same time , but that comparison keep jumping out at me , even year after i first heard this disc . 3. cut the fruit is a little funky , a little jazzy , with beautiful , floating , upbeat transitional groove between verse and chorus . there is a satisfying gnarly-twangy guitar break in the bridge , then back to that glide-groove , then a rideout chorus that brings the tune to an abrupt end . just an excellent groove from start to finish . 4. ame to gamu ( chewing gum candy ) is hard to describe . again it is vocal over acoustic guitar ( something that ordinarily bore the hell out of me , ) but the vocal melody in this song is nothing short of spellbinding . there is a lot of really weird instrumentation ( synth wash , and . french accordion ? ) but it all mesh perfectly . the bridge is a bass solo , something that seems to send american producer running like frightened rabbit . if you have spent much time listening to japanese rock and pop , one of the first happy discovery you will experience is that the bass guitar is rarely relegated to that anonymous dum-dum-dum-dum-dum drone buried deep in the background , but rather is an integral , catalyzing element of the mix . how or why japan ha some of the most phenomenal bassist on earth ( masaki of daida laida and liv moon , koga michiko of doll $ boxx and gacharic spin , king-san [ formerly ] of shakalabbits , onda yoshihito of zamza and judy and mary , hibiki of light bringer , etc. , ) is beyond me . ditto how or why japan ha an abundance of recording engineer and producer who treat the bass a an instrument on an even par with guitar and vocal . but i am really , really glad that is the case . anyhow , ame to gamu is an unforgettable song , and tanes vocal performance is just phenomenal here . and i almost forgot : something that put a big , goofy smile on my face every time i listen to this song is the fact that the last three chord of the song are a quote of that three-chord figure in jimis wind cry mary . whether that is incidental or intentional , it . just make me smile . 5. memoria is maybe the best song on this album , but undercut by an annoyance in the recording : the heavier part are noticeably distorted . you have to push that annoyance aside , because memoria is just epic - one of those song that is like a heartfelt little journey or adventure . it begin soft a a feather , build and build , explodes in anthemic chorus , then after a brief acoustic bridge turn a corner into an unexpected , melodically-magical passage that build to it own crescendo - with tane pouring heart and soul into the vocal - to end on that same soft-as-a-feather place it started . this is one of those tune you can listen to for the first time today , yet will seem like it wa the backdrop for some of the most moving experience of your life , a song that is been with you for year . that , folk , is powerful songwriting . just a great song - easily one of my all-time faves . it is unfortunate that the engineer distorted the hell out of the guitar on the chorus , but . great song . 6. no joker start with tanes sly vocal over piano and drum that sound a little like solo john lennon - but this is the tune i like least on the album , mostly because of the chorus , which have tane stretching her range too much , amid repeat of the line i wan na be your woman / i wan na be your woman . it is not a horrid song , but to me the chorus are awkward and a little annoying , and the bridge is just weird , and not in a good way . 7. kakekko ( sprint or race ) is a mellow groove with a pretty vocal melody and touch of reverb-ambience , evocative of sitting in a garden pagoda in a cool cloudburst . there is also an understated acoustic slide solo in the bridge . 8. kage no naka no kage ( shadow in the middle of a shadow ) is the most jazzy tune on the disc - more in line with the stuff she is done since - but an excellent , relaxed groove . 9. daite te hoshii ( i want you to hold me ) is another jazzy tune , mellower than kage , with just vocal over electric piano and some periodic synth pulse , then the same over a drumbeat , with some funk-flavored instrumentation with the chorus . the vocal melody is not a interesting a the rest of the song , which lead me to believe it is one of those song that rest more heavily on lyrical content than musicality ( just a guess , since my nihongo skill are only a little bit beyond the three most important phrase in any language , namely , where is the beer ? where is the restroom ? and i love you , generally in that order - and i have not sat down to translate it . ) 10. tree close out the album in a dreamy , atmospheric wash , with tanes voice processed through a thin radio mic patch that fit the song perfectly . there are two break into slower-tempo groove that are actually more powerful and dramatic than the faster tempo of the rest of the song . an understated but relentlessly cool tune . i am far more a rock guy than either jazz or pop , so although there are a lot of her tune i like from later album , hetero is her standout disc - for that rock element . but again , i still have not gotten around to getting her other 90 disc . if you like alt-rock that is generally upbeat rather than a massive boat-anchor of metaphysical angst , and if you enjoy totally unique voice , get hetero . definitely time well spent .
1	this is a strange a project a i can imagine . purportedly bob dylan or his minder find a batch of old lyric from his 1967 basement tape sabbatical and rather than composing/borrowing melody dylan pass the lyric to longtime producer t-bone burnett , an old associate from the rolling thunder revue tour of 1975-6. nor doe burnett complete the song although he is been making his own record since the 1970s . rather he invite other musician to complete the song and several interesting singer accept . musical omnivore elvis costello is probably the best known ( burnett wa a relatively early costello producer ) . burnett claim the record wa conceived and recorded on a very tight schedule in something like a song composing lab , inviting collaboration and making no restriction on which singer could tackle which lyric . costello ha written vast number of elaborate lyric and interpreted many others in numerous genre and understands the craft a well a anyone possibly could . so what attracted him to the project ? my best guess is that he had some assurance he could finish the title cut which is probably the best lyric in the bunch , although rhiannon giddens came up with an equally interesting melody for lost on the river . some of these lyric may have been a bit naughty for the newly married dylan at time . dylan basement tape lyric could be usefully categorized a playfully absurd and dead serious . the serious lyric were more elliptical , open , and allusive than his previous song . the playful lyric often seemed like trucker slang . quite a few of these seem to borrow existing song title but launch into quite different direction . most of these lost lyric lean serious but there are a couple absurd lyric included and those are not successfully assayed in my opinion because none of the singer can approach dylan goofiness . there wa also a cable film tie-in and that film seemed to hinge on the drama of giddens and marcus mumfords songwriting inhibition . no matter , each of these very dramatic singer contribute some of the better track on the record . giddens is obviously a marvelous talent who can choose her future session work on the basis of these recording . jim james of my morning jacket ace all his assignment and even sound a lot like nashville skyline dylan on the opener . taylor goldsmith of dawes is the odd inclusion here because he is a very understated singer compared to the others . instrument are traded in the best basement tape fashion . the record sound nothing like the original basement tape which is probably best . dylan wa the other tie-in when he finally released all the known basement tape in a truly deluxe set which hopefully will result in a more comfortable retirement for the great organist garth hudson who kept the archive all these year .
1	after watching the movie secretariat this had to be a part of my playlist .
0	i love fleetwood and stevie , but just could not get into this album .
0	i wa disappointed with this purchase . the song were not the kind i enjoy . i believe it sold by jakes name .
0	i wanted pg version , the one i bought had too much cussing in it
0	this cd ha a good sound but you get tired of her moaning and complaining ! very depressing ! her voice crack , scrape and she can not quite hit the note . buy bonnie raitt instead .
0	she did a song in english so you guy can also understand the meaningless thing she ha to say . and this song is the most meaningless she ever did . but her voice sound much stronger . this is not a typical blmchen-song . there are many backgroungsingers and more lyric . there are three song on this single . the radio version , the extended version and the song where heart have wings.it is the english version of her song herzen haben flgel . i think it is on the blossom-album heartbeat
1	i needed to refresh myself on the lyric . i sang this song at a best friend wedding in the 1970s . then at his son , and now for the daughter . crazy thing is , when i wa younger , john denver wa a good friend . i miss him still .
1	thank you wilco !
0	derosa wa never funny but road the coattail of opie and anthony to mediocre success . with that gone , my guess is he will be doing open mike night and selling dime bag in 2 year while staying with andy kindler in his studio
0	this sounded like something that someone just threw together . i could not use any of it and none of the song were complete .
0	the song is not the type of song i like . the song lack of energy . i think it is not fun to sing too .
1	amazing
1	good sound quality and memory ! love journey song .
1	it is always disappointing hearing people saying , i wanted pretty hate machine - part ii , and the such . anybody who ha followed trent reznors music career should know to expect something different with everything he release . you will never get a part ii to any nin album , because , from the beginning , trent reznor set out to do one thing : innovate . rehashing old album would be counter intuitive to his innovative nature . ghost , however , pushing trent reznor to his creative edge . the mission : to create an instrumental soundscape , rather than an album reliant on verse-chorus-bridge structure . the mission wa , indeed , successful . ghost present beautiful piano passage , soothing swarm of saturated noise , and harsh , electronic beat . a perfect recipe to form the soundtrack to daydream , which is how he describes ghost . the song are , to their core , trent reznor , without rehashing , recycling , or regurgitating his past effort , making this album a true step forward in the nin legacy .
0	saw them perform on a talk show and thought i might like them . oh well .
1	exceptional album , amazing video .
0	i have been a huge fan of chicago for the past 30 year and i must say i am very disappointed with this album . like many chicago fan i am partial to the classic chicago that peaked in the early seventy . these were the time in which the band had a diversity of style and vocalist ( robert lamm , terry kath , and peter cetera ) however , a most fan know , the peter cetera sound tended to dominate their work in the late seventy and early eighty . so , one might ask , what wa i expecting ? for starter i wa expecting more contribution from lamm and jimmy pankow . although i am sure jimmy had a big part in the horn arrangement , he did not contribute a single song . robert contributed very little , too . if you watch one of the chicago concert dvd or get to see them live , you will agree that this band still ha it . i have to wonder what they have been doing 9from a compositional standpoint ) for the last 15 year ? robert lamms solo release subtlety and passion ( s & p ) is an excellent effort . and in many way it seems more chicago than xxx . why could not robert have saved some of his material ( i.e . somewhere girl ) for this new release ? instead the album is dominated by jason scheffs slow ballad - which seem to be doing exactly what the band that cetera did . there are some funky mix here , but what are they ? they sure do not seem too chicago . and then there are the horn . everybody know that the chicago horn gave the band it trademark distinction . while the horn seem to be wonderfully integrated on lamms s & p , on xxx they seem to be an added afterthought - forced and contrived . also , the cheesy 80 percussion mixing sound of their hot single mix free just make it seem , a if instead of trying to create inspiring music a they once did , they are trying too hard to reach the commercial mass with a single . these guy are talented musician . they do not need to prove themslelves to anybody . where is their integrity ? simply put , i feel this album is a huge missed opportunity .
1	great song !
0	love bernie worrells contribution but this should have never came out you think a track featuring garry shider , skeet curtis , and tyrone lampkin they would have made something funkier .
0	this wa the clean version , i want all my music they way the artist intended , with f-bombs !
0	well i see now it doe say this is a cd . but i am so dissatisfied . i thought richard would be stretching with me . he is not at all . i went to his website to let them know how upset i am the email came back undeliverable .
1	what an awesome collection of relevant artist on this cd . something fresh to hear and my favorite , bruno mar is featured on one of the track . if you do not want to buy it to support the producer & artist by making the purchase at least take a few minute to listen to the sample . i am guessing you will want to download some of the track to add to your personal collection . many of them are that good .
1	i use to play this over & over again when i wa in college . i so loved this song .
1	the good morning song is what i bought this for , but love the cd a well . the good morning song can take a drabby day and put pep in your step , brighten your face a you sing along & dance with her . thank you mandisa for blessing u with your god given talent !
1	help to soothe and focus me
1	love this song ! it is very catchy and very cute . this whole album is such a wonderful find . my infant son and i really have enjoyed every song , but this is one of our top 3 !
0	nice
1	fresh worshipper leader that will help you enter into the presence of the lord .
0	i have always thought that the best of bon jovi wa richie sambora a he show u in his two previous job . but on this album i see the worst of the song of bon jovis last album . on the other hand , the sound of this cd is very noisy , like the style of some album of the 70 . in short , and for not doing more blood , this cd can be summarized a a couple of good song from a handful of bad and noisy song .
1	i thought it wa fabulous ! i am the same age a barbra and knew she wa going to be something special the first time i heard back when . this is her best yet .
0	i downloaded this song twice and both time the lead singer channel had much le volume than the version i reviewed . almost like the right-left channel were not set the same . somebody need to have a look at the setting on this download .
1	my 6 year old grandaughter had the volume up for hour while she played the cd . she will be listening to it for a long time . grammpa
0	they used to be cool . every song on this album sound the same . this record could not be more boring , and redundant . they should drop an n , because there is no point in listening to it . it blow . do not buy this !
1	liz ha had a rough couple of year . with that being said , she ha come out the other side stronger than ever . with more of a blues/rock sound and hard living lyric exodus of venus is her best work to date .
0	a disappointment compared to other beegie adair performance . i felt so woosie i could not even listen to it .
0	i bought this for my grandparent who requested it . not my taste on music but it doe remind me of them .
1	only ha a 7 song but i love them all he sound just like he did when i fell in love with him on sunday best . it is nice to hear a nice young fresh and new voice singing the word of god they could not have picked a better title for the album it wa well done and i have been waiting for it most of the song he performed on sunday best are on here tracklist 1.god in me- joshua put his youth flava and some gospel hiphop singing the mary mary hit 2.we expect you- one of the song that helped him one sunday best 3.rain on us- josh go off on this song you can feel every word he sings with so much power on this one 4.i am still standing- that signature joshua rogers sound with the scat and run : ) 5. in the middle- he say before the song start that he is about to jam and he doe just that 6.peace be still- seems like youngbuck channeled kim burrell on this record i thought it wa her at first lol 7.well done- the album finish with well done * clap hand * congrats young buck for winning sunday best and putting out ya first album can not wait to hear more and some original song
1	excellent cd
0	this is not the theme from enterprise . this is the same song , where my heart will take me , that wa used a the theme for enterprise but this version from the encore cd is not the same arrangement and the difference are somewhat disappointing if you are expecting the actual theme from the enterprise tv series .
1	excellent song and very spirited .
1	being a band nerd , i like listening to band music . this compilation is first rate , and i hope that student will ask their director to program on or more of these selection for an upcoming concert or festival . i hope director will take the time to listen and say to themselves yeah , my band can play this ! i first heard of stephen melillos music a a college student . i wa selected to play in the kkpsi/tbs national intercollegiate band in 1993 , and we performed his a walk in jurassic park . what awesome music ! i thought to myself , and it wa fun to play , too . i have performed some his music with my own band , and the player really enjoy the craft which mr. melillo put into his composition .
0	and i say that so loosely . this song wasnt great the first time i heard it and it is still sugar-coated fluff . i mean i can get into certain song that are all pop and little substance , but this one grate on my nerve . first . copying irreplaceables beat almost completely wa a terrible thing to do ! not original and we had enough of that song . that is what this song totally ride on ! at least chris brown , even though it is a similar beat , ha something going for his song , with you ( better lyric , nice video ) . altogether , i just do not appreciate either of them ripping the irreplaceable beat off though . come on ! we heard it enough in 2006/2007 ! second . i will never forget you/you are in everything i do/ ( later ) just like a tattoo/i will always have you blah , blah , blah , blah , jordin . start writing your own song and maybe you will get some attention ! 2.25 star . end note : beautiful voice but get a new producer who is not afraid to try something new and different ! i know it can be hard being original these day in the studio because it seems like everyone ha nearly tried everything but ( and that is a b i g but ) copying a song beat that ha previously been played into the ground is the opposite of what you want to do ! the lyric are trite and super-elementary and nothing ( i mean nothing ) besides the vocal work stand out !
0	this song wither did not load on the player correctly or is only weekday the sample is . either way , i am not pleased with it at alp
1	awesome sound .
1	i did not grow up with this kind of music in the predominantly african american church that i grew up in but listening to it now make me wish i heard stuff like this earlier . beautiful lyric and it is all lifting up the name of jesus christ .
1	love this song
0	heard him singing with his mom on her album and had to hear what else he had to offer . not much ! he gave it his all when singing with her , but he sounded a little bored with the whole thing on his own album . did not sound a though he wa giving it his all ! sorry !
0	i know lot of folk love this album . i have been a huge boc fan since they started in 72. i can not listen to this album . except for the remake of astronomy , the song are awful . boc always have great song , very melodic , a pleasure to listen to . this is not true on this album . one bad album out of all their album is not a tragedy . they continue to put out good album to this day . i will be seeing them yet again in san francisco on july 20. i guarantee they will not be playing any song from this dog . it is all taste anyway . to those who love it , enjoy it for me , because i can not .
1	brings me back .
1	excellent album by christopher cross . i bought extra copy for friend .
0	beyond stupid . even more stupid and irritating than actually having 2 phone
1	one of mary well best . no problem with download .
0	wow , talk about zero originality ! what do you do when you can not come up with anything original to save your life ? ripoff an old surf instrumental~ what else !
0	this is a very superb piece of worship music ! except that it is cut at the end . tragic end for such a fine piece of music . this music is on a par with heilig , by schubert , sung by the choir of trinity college , cambridge . these two are in a class by themselves a beyond superb . however , this one is ruined by being cut short at the end , before the music is finished .
1	fascinatingly unique . lin manuel ha created something that changed music . i can not stop listening to this album because every time i listen to it , i learn more about not only the music but about race issue and history . can not recommend it highly enough
1	excellent service and product . very satisfied .
0	do not expect too much . however , she wa somewhat better than others i have heard . wa okay , but disappointing . so-so client
1	i love this album ! it is my new favorite .
1	it is thrice
0	embedded drm prevents burning amazon.com downloaded mp3 to a cd . digital player only . i do not recommend these downloads for this reason .
0	not my type of music .
0	the recording ha a very low volume . when mixing with other recording , song from this cd are recognizably low in volume , can hardly hear it . good song , bad volume on the cd . anyone know how to turn up the recording volume of mp3s ?
1	great .
0	i became quite a fan of otto bekker after his sitar & electronics work . i have tried to find other recording by okko that might be similar in style . so far i have had only moderate success . hybrid fart ( that name should have been my first clue , if we are even talking about a bekker cd ) everything is in german which would be fine if it were a few le hard consonant ( not really the language of love , is it ? ) or perhaps not so wordy . for all i know the vocalist could be telling me how to make a great cupcake . and since okko bekker should look pretty much the same in english or german , i am not so sure it is even an okko bekker recording . i could not find his name anywhere on the cd package . granted i wa horrified by the sound emanating from my speaker that i did not look too long before i convinced my self that the german word on the front cover of the cd do not translate a hybrid fart . i think mr. bekker ha a bit more class than that . so if you are looking , like me , for something along the line of his sitar & electronics cd , which is a true gem , then run a fast a you can in the opposite direction . the music struck me a 21st century german pub rock with vocal mixed far too loud . sort of like the end of day rough mix . until you or i can find a good successor to sitar & electronics , let me suggest anything by saddar bazaar or orient squeezer . a far a i know there are 2 release by each band , all 4 record are a magnificent journey on their own . if anyone know of recording by my bekker similar to s & e , please , please leave me the information in a comment to my review .
1	he is my favorite
1	some good music from the past that get only light current radio play ( i have not heard the knack since they burned brightly and faded just a quickly ) . and most of these will not get much play 30 year from now so owning this set is an affordable way to get 25 chart-quality song not heard much today .
0	not worth the wait or the money . if i want some foreigner to preach to me about politics and the state of the world i will turn on the any of the left owned television station or read the slanted truth on the internet . i will be throwing mine in the trash could not sit though 3 song . please stop shoving you political view down our throat and start to entertain with some great music .
1	the song is great . i have been listening to it for year . it is just what i expected . that is the reason i bought it . i have been buying song from amazon since they started selling them . i am going to copy this and paste it to every song that i review . i hope you do the same .
0	i have down loaded this two time . the song doe not work on my computer . i have had similar situation with down loading music from amazon . they have refunded my money sometimes . but-why doe ten song down load & this one doe not !
0	her music is horrible and she support , endorses , and sleep with lilo brancato , a cop killer . if you buy or even listen to her crap then you are spitting on the grave of a brave nypd detective , daniel enchautegui and telling his lovely family and every active and retired law enforcement officer that you do not care and are not part of a civilized society .
0	sound like rap and i do not care a bit for it
0	sound like he just woke up 2 second earlier . the voice is no american idol or american trash . it is worse . and a squeaky guitar string top the annoyance .
0	i buy the song but they never let me download it into my computer
0	not even going to waste my time writing in detail about this piece of trash . it is a shame what pass for hip-hop these day . people seem to be more in love with weezys production than his lyric , which is apparent to anyone that actually care about the lyric at all , because lil wayne is whack . i am not a hater , i do not gain anything by dissing lil wayne at all . he is just another average , untalented , main stream clown in this giant cesspool of noise these record company are trying to pas off a hip-hop . also , the fact that people are claiming that the album in the carter trilogy are classic is unsettling to my stomach . if this dude the best there is , you guy can have him ; i prefer a little more substance in my music .
0	this album is 1 star because most of the song are unlistenable . i do not enjoy listening to this album . i do not recommend this album . addy .
0	i do not know where else to complain about this but every time this song come on , i cringe and die a little inside . it is got to be the most annoying song playing today and one of the most annoying song of all time . aside from the fact that the song consists of 4 line of lyric with no substance , they borrow the can-can song and make it even more irritating .
0	this is by far the worst christmas album i have ever heard . sound like he wa drunk when he recorded this . even if someone gave this to me i would not want this in my collection .
0	this guy is not funny . he is mean spirited and intolerant . i hated it . i am sorry i spent my money on it .
0	nothing wrong with ac/dc a a band but a another reviewer pointed out it hasent changed in like 30 year so any live set you go to see or buy by ac/dc ha the same setlist save two or three new one to support the album they are touring behind . for me this tends to get boring and if you buy one live set by this band it is all you need . well maybe two , if you want blood from the bon scott era and one of the brain johnson era live disc . they still perform well but hearing the same song over and over on every boxet , hit package or live album get boring .
0	maybe it is just my age showing but i like jazz and i like most pre 2000 rock but this wa terrible . i collect a lot of music even some i do not care for but this one i deleted right after i listened to it .
0	not worth the money
0	i heard a live performance of the imagine dragon and really enjoyed the music , so i ordered the album . the album unfortunately is a huge disappointment . the mastering of this album is terrible . a number of the song on this album have an over-driven/distortion sound effect . when you hear the song live , the effect is compelling and the sound pressure add to the performance . but on the album version the distortion/effect is overwhelming and absolutely crush the music . i ran the album through a live music audio enhancer ( claesson edward live audio enhancer ) and it helped quite a bit . normally when looking at the oscilloscope the before is narrow and the after is open . not with song like radioactive , the before is scattered and full of clipping . which help to explain why the song sound better on the radio then on your stereo ; because they have been processed and helped ( not fixed ) . the end result is an album that sound progressively worse the better your audio playback is .
0	i should have just bought the one song that i liked . the 3 song on the radio are the only one that are worth a s * , the rest of the album suck . which wa quite surprising and disappointing coming from katy perry . i would recommend others to only buy the song they like . and leave the rest .
1	a few of the song are out of show order , but glad to see they put all the big song on it this season . wish a cd version wa offered , though .
1	the first cut is the deepest is a 1967 song written by cat stevens , originally released by p. p. arnold in may 1967. stevens own version originally appeared on his album new master in december 1967. this one is ok , but cat version is the best .
0	wow . this album is awful . i have been a fan of crooked i since the death rizzo day . royce too since the late 90 . budden is a great lyricist . joell is dope . he ha been one of my favorite rapper the last couple of year . the first album wa really good . some filler on it . it wa recorded in 6 day . ( they took 2 year on this album . ) most of the song released on the internet before the first album dropped were great . so many quotables . green lantern freestyle wa sick ! the mastering on this album suck . period . i am listening on a rega system . where is the production from the alchemist ? they sounded great over just blaze production on the song with em . they are trying to get into the mainstream but the beat selection on this album is just silly . they pick the worst beat from these producer . yes these guy can rhyme . why can not they make good song ? ( unless they are rapping over someone el beat . ) the single were weak but i expected that . guest feature from cee-lo , ( singing that awful hook ) busta , skyler grey , ( never heard of her ) bob , swizz , and em . wtf i blame eminem , jimmy iovine , and interscope record . yes these guy deserve success but not with this album . knick knack paddy wack how i wan na bone cmon joell . these reviewer are saying they are bringing back lyric . i am going to listen to the hip hop weekly series , mood muzik , the bar exam and pretend our house never came out . and to that first review . killer mike r.a.p . music is the album of the year so far .
1	if this wa all you got for prime it would be worth it . amazon , i love you !
0	definitely not his best work . song either to rap or slow . nothing like his last 2 album . it ha to grow on me or a big waste of money .
0	katy perry second hit song , is very . catchy but it is annoying . it is one of those song you can not help but hum certain part to and the video is just . well , it is just there . i thought the lady dancing with the umbrella or whatever wa kinda cool the first time i saw it but i wa wrong . this song is just the flavor of the week and when i first heard it i did not like it . it is gotten a bit better since then but do not expect this to win any grammies , lol 2.5 star .
1	there must have been a bunch of ripe song sitting around the basement when juliana hatfield showed up to help record them . some of these are truly fantastic - my faves since the mat . others are not so great , but they may grow on me . ( but not that one about bird . ) i am just happy paul is digging out some gem and recording them in an inspired way . if it take romance to make that happen , so much the better .
1	this is a lovely piece of music and very affordable at the price it is offered . i have no regret about this purchase .
1	to all who have destructively criticized jewel latest album , 0304 , take notice that all artist : writer , actor , musician , painter , etc. , etc , have to constantly change in order to stay afloat in an industry not noted for high survival rate . artist like jewel have to project different image twenty-four seven , whether it is their look and/or work . moreover , change can sometimes be difficult to accept , but that is life . nothing stay the same , everything change . however , that is how the entertainment business operates too . artist are product , pawn , of an industry that control their every move . just enjoy the music and have fun !
1	i listen to this cd every day . all day . i absolutely love this group . i get inspired and motivated . feel good music by a family-group that can really sing !
1	one of my big draw to this movie is the soundtrack . the main theme is catchy and beautiful at the same time . however , a opposed to many music only soundtrack where the main theme is great and the rest is just background sound , the music here is strong throughout the cd ( and the movie ) . in addition to the main theme , the excitement of the brumbie chase is another personal favorite . it is pretty simple : if you are a big fan of the movie , you will highly enjoy this sound track . if you like great western themed or classical music and have never seen the movie , you will also like this soundtrack . strongly recommended .
0	let me break this down , in a rather incomplex fashion , for all who are either considering the purchase of this cd or just reading the review to gripe and moan . nirvana , while rebellious , offered nothing new , or even creative to the musical landscape of this or any other era . i understand , and even empathize with all the tortured soul out there , but cobain did not speak to you . in fact , he loathed you , a he did all of his loyal fan . that is the catch twenty two with an anti-everything group such a nirvana . in following them , you are actually defying all that they stand ( or stood ) for , and thus become the antithesis of their idealistic contemporary or true fan . in fact , by worshipping nirvana , you actually become the very enemy that cobain sought to destroy . learn this , and accept it . secondly , the music ( please , stop pleading otherwise ) wa diluted , poorly constructed and almost completely lacked any semblence of complexity or beauty . his lyric were not poetic , or abstract , or other-wordly , they were simply the lyric of a disgruntled and nihilistic elitist . i also seriously should not need to call any attention to the complete lack of adeptness or training with which cobain attempted to play the guitar . let u simply say that his ability on guitar wa le than passing . in addition , the rest of the band member were also hardly virtuoso . so , you can cease in claiming that a well . thirdly , an album greatness depends solely on it ability to persevere . the longevity of an album ( inspect this postulate , it show in what we now consider to be classic ) is also completely dependent on the diversity of sound and style which the album employ . time ha repeatedly shown this . and , needle to say , nevermind , and all other nirvana album for that matter , are about a diverse sonically a a ceiling fan . that is three strike nirvana fan . yep , ( 0-3 ) . so . i will leave you with a sagacious word ( advice , if you will ) regarding a better musical path which it is not too late to pursue . for the love of god ( if one exists ) heed my call , the world will experience a profound change for the better if you do . if you are planning on picking up , or playing , or praising , a nirvana cd , and are doing so because : 1. you despise society , and all that the archetypal american stand for , then you should listen to these album instead : the velvet underground - the vu and nico or white light/white heat the mother of invention - freak out ! or we are only in it for the money the fug - the fug elliott smith - elliot smith or xo radiohead - amnesiac , kid a , ok computer , the bend or hail to the thief 2. you have a mild aversion to consumerism and/or love poignant , heartfelt lyric , then pick up these album instead : leonard cohen - song of leonard cohen or song of love and hate wilco - summerteeth or yankee hotel foxtrot bob dylan - highway 61 revisisted , freewheelin , the time they are a-changin blonde on blonde , another side of bob dylan , or bringin it all back home billy bragg - william bloke or talking with the taxman about poetry nick drake - pink moon or five leaf left the beatles - sgt . pepper , revolver , abbey road , white album , rubber soul etc . yo la tengo - i can hear the heart beating a one or and then nothing turned itself inside out 3. you love heavy rock music and feeling angsty or contemplative , or love gruff or non-traditional sounding vocal , then you should listen to these album instead : television - marquee moon the flaming lip - zaireeka , yoshimi battle the pink robot or the soft bulletin captain beefheart - safe a milk , lick my decal off baby or trout mask replica billie holiday - lady in satin or song for distingue lover van morrison - astral week the pixy - surfer rosa morphine - cure for pain or yes tom wait - rain dog or swordfish trombone jeff buckley - grace or sketch for my sweetheart the drunk 4. you simply love a great guitarist , then pick up these album instead : leo kottke - my foot are smiling , greenhouse or 6 & 12 string guitar robert johnson - king of the delta blue volume 1 and 2 jeff beck - you had it coming , blow by blow or wired dillinger escape plan - calculating infinity king crimson - in the court of the crimson king or starless and bible black built to spill - there is nothing wrong with love or keep it like a secret the jimi hendrix experience - are you experienced ? , axis bold a love or electric ladyland the yardbird - over under sideways down or having a rave up wes montgomery - smoking at the half note or full house 5. you just love well arranged , complex , moving or eclectic music , then pick up these album instead : the zombie - odyssey and oracle the move - shazam charles mingus - pithecanthropus erectus , mingus ah um ! or oh yeah broken social scene - you forgot it in people mile davis - round about midnight , steamin , cookin , sketch of spain or kind of blue art pepper - plus eleven or meet the rhythm section love - forever change or da capo the byrd -notorious byrd brother , turn ! turn ! turn or younger than yesterday the band - the band or music from big pink mahavishnu orchestra - inner mounting flame brian eno - here come the warm jet or another green world p.s . if you really desire something profoundly lyrical , read some poetry . i would suggest theodore roethke , t.s . eliot , allen ginsberg or ezra pound to any nirvana listener , established or potential , ( or basically to anyone for that matter ) .
1	first of all we have to clear one thing up . 0304 mean 2003-2004 this is her music for those year . although i am not absolutely sure if that is what it mean that is the best guess i can give you . another thing many people have said that jewel ha sold out . i understand their point of view . if you are a die-hard jewel fan and do not like dance , pop , or very upbeat music then this cd is not for you . i am a diehard jewel fan and love those kind music a well . so i wa very very pleased with this cd . this cd wa all about fun , experimentation , dancing , and just having a good time . so if you love any kind of dance music or pop or most of all a good time this cd is definitey for you . my overview of the track . 1. stand : one of my favorite . i love the lyric , the chorus is really catchy and the music is awesome . put together really well 5/5 2. run 2 u : i love this song . it is a sort of sweet love song . the lyric remind me a bit of older jewel . but the music and the overall song is so new and fresh . 5/5 3. intuition : everyone in the world ha got to know this song . love it . the french accordian and the urban sound together fit really well . love the lyric a well 4.5/5 4. leave the light on : woohoo . jazzy . i love jewel and jazz together it go well . remember the song i will not walk away . from her album this way . this reminds me of that only way way more upbeat . 4/5 5 . 2 find u : wow . great , great lyric . i am sure they will touch anyone who ha been in a rocky relationship and is trying to save it . really heart-felt verse and angst driven chorus . 4.5/5 6. fragile heart : at first i wasnt feeling this song and wa like err ick . but after a couple listens i wa really impressed . really cute and simple song . reminiscent of i am sensitive from piece of you 4.5/5 7. doin fine : another one of my favorite . love it ! it is just about being free , having fun , and takng chance . i love the beat how jewel sound . everything . great summer anthem . 5/5 8 . 2 become 1 : i am not to fond of this . my least favorite track on the album . i just think it is like every other love song . nothing really special . and not very catchy in my eye at least . 2/5 9. haunted : the absolute best song ever ! i love this song . it is so cool jewel sings from stalker point of view . it is creepy , raw , and emotional . she sound so awesome . almost rock and roll . totally different from rest of album . i love it ! 10/5 10. sweet temptation : good song . if light and dark can be represented altogether in one song this is it . awesome beat . good stuff ! 4.5/5 11. yes u can : great dance song . i love how she sings it not cheap to buy your dream . i am not suprised santana who she wrote this for rejected it . he is not cool enough to pull it off . go jewel ! 5/5 12. u + me= love : another awesome song . reminds me a bit of run 2 u. however the lyric are so much better . like a girl anthem . just listen . great beat a well . 5/5 13. america : great message . i love controversial jewel . even if this wa a she sad a bit of a watered down version . i would pay big buck to see what the record label cut . get a little repetitive but the awesome lyric save it . 4/5 14. becoming : good song . not my favorite though . it ha good lyric however . not very catchy though . 3/5 . well . and wow ! another great piece from jewel . she sound great , she herself love this album . same old jewel writing the mst awesome lyric . just different sound . she is doing her thing and you are going to love it . it is light and dark but catchy and upbeat . however like i said before if you are a fan of jewel at all and do not like pop/dance music . then skip it . although i do miss the old jewel a bit . that is what the older album are for . i appreciate her keen sense of evolution . i can not even wait to see what she put out there next . buy this ! buy this ! buy this ! you will not regret it !
0	depression is what you will slip into when attempting to listen to this comedy album
1	found this mp3 download while browsing and remembered just how fabulous the door were . love this song and am really happy with the download !
0	this version suck ! i accidentally ordered it instead of damien rice . i am pissed at wasting $ 1.29 . no cancelling i guess .
1	i agree with the other reviewer that this is a very warm recording , which is often far from modern convention . i personally think this is one of the best that i have heard of . the sound is tonally beautiful and lyrical . maybe martzy is a bit on the same page with haendel and grumiaux . quite far from heifetz , milstein and younger violinist . if you like more objective style , this is not the best option . stay with szeryng or milstein .
1	big third day fan and this did not disappoint !
0	could not turn it off fast enough .
0	i loved the song , but it did not download all the way . i can only listen to part of the song .
1	this is absolutely beautiful - especially by harp music .
1	love it , love it , and really really love it ! yeah a 40 something year old like ke $ ha - part of me is embarrassed , and part of me is psyched ! ke $ ha is awesome !
0	i cd di questi gruppi r & b sono tutti uguali - the same old story
0	this is frank sinatra singing this song , not bing crosby . it is still a good verison , it is just not bing crosby .
1	she is amazing singer and she is even better live . i wish i could find all of her song live !
0	this cd ha onley one good song on it do not waist your money on it just go to itunes and buy it what a waist of money
0	why do artist forget what really made them famous in the first place . if your expecting to hear the violin and banjo like i wa you will be very disappointed . at time the electric and slide guitar completely drown out the singing . other time the music fade in and out like a record on a turntable that is starting to go bad . i did not want to hear another piece of pop garbage like their last album . i thought we were going to have something with a little more bluegrass or country flavor . girl , you have the talent so please get back to your root . gary w. hill
1	so , band of horse is a new band to me . suffice to say , it is now a if i have been a fan for year . their song are infectious , a they are deep and meaningful . the instrumentation , vocal , and composition are fantastic . what a song .
0	not so great .
0	it kept me in shape reaching for the next tune button . the dodo have 2 song that i listened to all the way to the end , all the rest were just too pathetic .
1	thank you
1	been wanting to get this song for year after selling my vinyl . have not tested it yet but the download seems to have went smoothly .
1	great product great seller
1	i wa too guilty to like this song . i mean , the beibs ? but once i learned that ed sheeran co-wrote it , i could live with myself . all is again right with the world .
1	this downloaded to amazon cloud player and i had to install the app . i do not want the app . i wanted to be able to play song thru the music player already installed on my ipad . if i am listening to music on my ipad i will not be able to listen to this song without switching to the amazon app . that would b a pain . i thought this wa going to download to my ipad with all my other music . i have not looked to see if there is a way to transfer it over . i honestly do not think u can . this is why i gave it a 4. the song is great !
0	the book think & grow rich is a must own . it is book to be read multiple time . that being said the particular reader of this audio book is very monotone . he doe not pause at the end of sentence or even a paragraph . you can hear the paah noise into the microphone every few second . the narrator ha a strong voice it is just emotionless . it reminded me of when a teacher would call on a student to read aloud . but the student is disinterested a try to blow through it a quickly and unenthusiastically a possible so he can go back to day dreaming . bottomline : buy the book , buy the audio book just skip this one .
1	great song i have always love that song
0	am sorry i purchased the cd . music is slow a drag . not the usual upbeat christmas music .
0	i would rate this cd a just ok. for the money there are better sounding version out there . this ha the uk mix which sound flat and lifeless . it ha 4 bonus track , ironically from the u lp , which are already on the album . a better choice for bonus track would have been some song that are not already on the album like - i will get you & baby it is you . i give it 2 star out of a possible 5 .
1	i would heard this song for a while on the radio and decided to purchase it . the price wa right so i bought it .
1	love dangelo and this song . this one of those song you can enjoy anywhere , sitting with your special someone thinking this is about u or sitting on the porch with a cool drink just enjoying it melody , doe not matter it just a great song . d angelos style of music is so refreshing because we hear so much crap on the radio now that hearing a truly talented person make just a beautiful laid back song that anyone from any generation can enjoy make me happy . five star from me .
1	they got better with age !
1	like most people , i only buy song i have already heard and liked , so . yeah , i think it is good .
1	who rock harder than nickelback ? i downloaded this song because i listen to it weekly when wwe come on . so now i use it a a ringtone for my android phone .
1	this is one of the best new band out there at the moment and this album and song are a must have !
1	the grandkids love it . thanks !
1	this is perfect rendition . i found this song because it wa written about in a book i wa reading and i wanted it . i had also heard it on the radio and wa looking for the perfect rendition and this is it .
0	a much a i can scream out expletive about the grrrrrreatness of qaf the show , the soundtrack fall sadly mediocre . it tout itself a almost like being in babylon ( a dancejoint that doe not exist in real life ) , well i guess it doe in a way , but it doe not capture the whole feel of babylon . i wa expecting remixes and stuff ! where is it ? on the whole i guess it an o.k . compilation . a lot of you will not really get what i am saying but , that is okay too . the british soundtrack is actually better .
0	this artist leaf a lot to be desired . i actually tried to listen to a little bit of this and and keep an open mind . but i found myself not being able to get past the first thirty second . it is the same regurgitated drivel that is all too commonly pass for music today . save your money or get it on bootleg . personally i would not take this for free . add to the fact that this artist seems to enjoy the company of thief , cop killer , drug addict and ex con . not the kind of person for me . natali , if you are reading this , i hope you make some better choice in the future .
0	this review is only for this version of the album ( the remastered expanded edition ) . the mastering sound overly compressed , and eddy vocal do not sound loud enough . the instrument sound way too loud and it drowns out eddy voice on some of the track . it baffle me how record company can keep releasing these crappy remasters that actually sound worse than the original album . people are paying good money to buy a newer and crappier version of the same album . save your money and buy the original 1993 edition instead . the bonus 3 song are great , but the remastering wa entirely pointless .
1	i have enjoyed buying music for my kindle because i have found all my oldie but goody . sound quality is excellent .
1	el-p continues to impress . each of his album is very good , but they all build on the brilliance of the previous release . a true artist in every sense . really good album ! get it if you are remotely into rap/hip hop music in any way .
0	selfies are annoying enough , i do not see why an annoying song wa necessary . the white girl voice in this song is so unbelievably annoying . i want to just smash my headphone . i mean yes , it ha a catchy tune , but it is not the type of song that you spend money on . look up on youtube , watch it once , and then never discus it again .
0	clean version ,
1	these song take me way back and i feel like i am right there with him when he sings . the song are uplifting .
1	this is the rest song in the world
0	i love this album , but this get 2 star . it would be great if one time i would get a record from amazon that did not skip at all . last two i have purchased have had bad skipping spot .
1	this is a fantastic album layered with dynamic lyric , interesting production and musicianship . it blur the genre of electronica and rock and infuses it with a psychedelic intelligence . for fan of progressive , emotional and electronic music , this is album is for you . check adam . 01 at [ . ]
0	what ha happened to country music ? i call this crock ! let u get back to the steel guitar and the fiddle and the cheatin and drinkin song that have a story .
0	most of these are only portion of the song , such a 1 verse and the chorus . i would prefer the entire song . also , many are done with a country feel to them , not the traditional music you would hear in church . i downloaded it to have song for senior citizen to sing along with , and it is not a hit . wa glad i downloaded it from amazon though a i-tunes wa 3 time the price .
0	i purchased this song but it never download onto my computer . i have no idea what happened but this a well a many others wa never downloaded and i didnt want to do it again and pay more money for somehing i already paid for .
0	it pain me to see so many 1 star review coming from dylan own fan base . i have been a fan for over 40 year , and i can not disagree with the negative opinion rendered . bob dylan voice ha been shot for quite a few year now , but that ha not stopped him from making critically acclaimed album like modern time . this holiday outing is not laughable a some have stated , but it is an embarrassment that columbia record released it in the first place , and in the process exposed dylan now vulnerable voice that sound painfully inadequate . the only song on this entire cd that work is must be santa , which should have been released a a limited edition x-mas single for this charitable cause . his live show have become incoherent because of his smoke torn voice . he change all the arrangement of his song during live show , because he can no longer sing those note a they were recorded . there come a time in everyones life , when it is time to get off the stage , whether you are a doctor , heavy equipment operator , or in this case an musician . i believe that the time ha come for bob dylan to do exactly that , and get off the stage and reflect on his iconic career , without having to be laughed at any longer because he hung on too long like a washed up prize fighter .
0	by far the worst s * i have heard in a long time . poser wan na be should just give it up . fail .
1	beautiful . thank you !
1	the presentation of this well-know musical piece is superbly performed by the london philharmonic orchestra . if you have not listened to it in a while , i strongly suggest that you revisit it . you will not be disappointed .
1	very good quality , price & delivery , well done !
0	i just received my cd and based on the way it wa packaged and the inside of the cd case , it is not new a advertised . the cd wa re-packaged with plastic , the inside piece that hold the cd in place is broken and the broken piece are missing so i know it did not some how break during delivery , the case itself is scratched inside and out and the insert with the information about the cd ha mark on it . i do not appreciate paying for a product that is sold a new when that is clearly not the case . i will never buy anything from kristen overduff-abud again !
1	this is the best song the widespread panic ha ever released . i love it . no matter my mood this song always pick me right up .
0	i just heard light on for the first time . my first thought wa oh no ! this can not be your first real single . so i played it again and again . and again . nothing changed . no chill of excitement . nothing ! i wa a huge fan of this guy on idol and i loved how creative and original he wa . he made every song he sang sound like a modern hit . only to get a run of the mill , very basic , cliche , almost 80ish sounding rock song . complete with screaming and barely hitting the highest note ? let u just hope the rest of the album is much better . it ha to be !
0	after download it wa fuzzy and distorted
0	seth ! man , who broke your heart. ? your voice is amazingly smooth and velvety , and the orchestral arrangement are some of the most wonderful instrumentals to listen to in a long time . but still , neither is enough to let me sit through 17 song of depression , loneliness , pining , cry . in your liner note you wrote of you trying to not make this album too one note . but your failed . unless you are wanting someone to put a gun to their head or go jump in the river , i can not recommend this , not even a background dinner music . bring back the happy , swingin , cool seth , please . !
1	if you have watched the tv show , then you already know how catchy the song are . the only difference between tv and the cd , is probably length . i have not actually verified this , but it seems some of the song on the cd are longer , and due to time constraint they shortened them on the show ? either way , a good time with good music .
1	i am in love
0	i do not know what version this is but it suck . i like another version of this song i had before but ii am not gon na keep buying them to find it .
1	my boy favorite song . they sing this to the top of their lung . the youngest say we are fighting the devil when we sing this song nan ! anointed !
0	i am confused a to how to listen to this track . where do i go ? my review ha nothing to do about rihanna , she is great and i love this song . that is why i bought it ! i wa just disappointed when i went to listen to the song and i had no idea where to go . why can not it just download straight to itunes ? it would have been so much easier !
1	purchased for my 7-year-old niece mp3 player this past christmas . clear download , nice song , decent price , no problem completing transaction .
1	a good mix of common song from merry england ! - i particularly enjoyed the sound of a man from the 16th century bemoaning all of the progress and newfangled fashion that were destroying the heart of the england he knew .
0	there ha been an unfortunate trend in the music business a of recent , in which sound engineer over-compress a recording in order to make it sound louder , but damaging the dynamic range . this ha become known to many a the dreaded loudness war . it ha plagued many remasters including nine inch nail 2010 remaster of pretty hate machine , and subsequent release of classic beatles record . the compressing of an album is done for the sake of consistency . god forbid little joey need to turn the volume nod up a notch from album to album on his ipod ( a note here : the normalization function would do this just fine ) . unfortunately , this is damaging the overall quality of sound . the first time i had heard anything by tame impala wa on youtube , and i enjoyed it quite a bit . i purchased the cd after hearing the truly excellent music to walk home by , and wa pleasantly surprised . it came in a very nice shrink wrapped digipak case , with truly gorgeous album art . in a fold on the cover , you have the liner note which list the lyric . everything package wise is very good , and i must say again that the album art - at least for me - is one of the best that ha come in quite a while . but once i ripped it to my pc using eac , my ear had started to hurt after the sixth song . i decided to affirm my notion that the cd had been overly compressed , by going on the dynamic range database . to my dismay , i saw that lonerism ha indeed been affected negatively by the dreaded trend of over compression . before i end the review , i must state that this album , music wise , is absolutely fantastic . if not for the poor mastering , i would have easily given the product a 4.5. i can only hope that in the year to come , lonerism will get an actual remaster , so that the dynamic will remain intact on the retail release . feel free to disagree/ask me anything in the comment . edit : a of recent , i have discovered that there is an unmastered version floating around . it is essentially the same mix without the volume level turned up to the point of over compression and distortion . drum in particular sound much better . buy the cd and/or vinyl and support the artist and then go look for that particular version . great album , problem solved ! the two star still stand though , a this is a product review of the cd and not the unmastered mix floating around out there .
1	can not go wrong with lauren daigle , she ha s an anointing on her
1	i am glad i purchased this selection due the fact that i have been searching for this song and the artist . amazon try to provide this and doe such a great job . thanks
0	i liked this song until i watched the video . come on . then robin thicke got twerked on by miley . ugh . while his wife played it cool for a while , eventually she left him . and finally he say he ha addiction issue . am i the only person who can not stand either listening to music or watching movie where the singer/actors personal life interferes with my opinion of the actual song/movie ? ( see : anything by amy winehouse ; all thing brad pitt , gwyneth paltrow or rihanna )
1	beautifull rendition of this song . soul and feeling from this talented young lady . a bit slower than the original which showcase jena beautiful voice .
1	i purchased this album a part of a workshop we presented in my art fraternity , gamma xi phi . listening to it will help the listener to make the connection from the harlem renaissance through the black art movement to the modern era . ms. sanchez present a work that is smart , bold , witty , and deep . this wa my first time hearing her perform a opposed to reading her work in a book . a a gay person , i must admit i wa taken aback by some of the language in one of the poem , but i had to realize that this wa recorded during the black art movement , a different era and a different consciousness among the reigning black poet of the time . in spite of that language and those idea , this is a solid piece of work .
0	nope no sale here . but i know my daughter like this group .
0	i tried numerous time and it would not play on my kindle . then when i heard it on my sister it turned out to be really short and end with an ad . not worth the dl
0	in the late 1970s there wa a yes-inspired wannabee band called starcastle . starcastle were goodish , they had a smattering of reasonably widespread album , but they were not in the same league with yes . starcastles arrangement were softer , le articulate , and their lyric were hairy-fairy without ever really getting anyplace . you know , star stuff galaxy and friendly maiden in the mist , but what wa the point ? i regret to say this , but fly from here sound like starcastle . it is yes light . i am glad they are still out there , working on new material . but this is simply not a cd i will be spinning again in preference to almost any other yes album i posse . this is for one of two listener : either the yes completist , or someone who is not acquainted with yes , but who enjoys light , fluffy , spacey , extended pop . just not a great album imo .
0	i came of age during the 1960s and 70 . to this day the soundtrack of hair play in my head from time to time , and it ha a certain sound - robust , edgy , energetic , and raw . i agree 100 % with the reviewer who prefers to remember the original , when the clothes were not costume , and this wa not a period piece . the 2009 version feel like a group of juillard-educated musician bringing popular music to the upper crust . if you like this edition , at least also treat yourself to the original .
0	to begin i do not pretend to be recording/sound engineer of any kind once so ever , however , this album a stated by other fellow disenchanted listener sound rather empty . the sheer sound of each song along resembles something up and coming artist from the late 90 would have have submitted to company a a demo . i understand being an artist and expanding the bounardies , but with this album i fail to see that expansion , and if anything , the feel appears to be reflecting the mood , not neccessairly the word , of the so-called economic recovery of the united state . overall , if this were his first album , it would receive a higher rating , but it is not . i truly find it amazing that jack johnson insists on using renewable source of energy to power his recording session ; i just find it hard to believe what with all the recording software out there that this dry , hollow , and virtually flat sound wa the best he and his engineer could come up with . if this is supposed to sell people on the green movement and it approach to recording , i suggest finding someone else .
0	and this year crud-fest winner , the person who received the most vote from every brain-dead glossy eyed plankton watching . who even care anymore ? yet another drone pulled off the production line , this gimp being another in the long run of inoffensive handsome white boy , aimed primarily at stupid people and , judging by the popularity of this single , there are an awful , awful lot of . so let u talk about the single . with the exception of the excrement that wa last year winner ( steve brookstein , currently missing in action - yet another one-hit wonder who well never see again ) first ( and only ) solo attempt - the dire phil collins cover , this is easily the worst actual attempt at a song yet . originally planned for westlife , that is my goal wa panned and rejected by them ( them ! westlife ! ) for being too weak , but it sure wasnt weak enough for shayne ward , currently number one for the fourth week running a i type this . but what doe that mean , exactly ? i will tell you - nothing . the general public are such idiot , such pathetic , tell u what to buy and we will easily led cretin , that they would buy anything after seeing it on a reality program . shayne ward could have released a record of him whistling the marmite theme and it would have gone straight to number one . and it is going to continue , is not it ? this wa a massive hit , the show wa a massive hit , so we are going to continue to be bombarded with bland , generic singer and pointless song like this . if you bought this junk , or if you watched this junk , the curmudgeon hold you personally responsible . you should be ashamed of yourself for bringing yourself down to the gutter mass , watching this easily-digestible pond-life program , and buying it cynical , disgusting product . one day , i hope to live in a world where television is not swamped by reality television , where tv schedule and budget are not ruled by program aimed at the great unwashed , where the chart are not in the vice-like grasp of dire tv talent show winner ( and loser ) . that , lady and gentleman , that , is my goal . the_curmudgeon_hates_you @ yahoo.co.uk
1	this old world of ours sure is changing fast , at least for me , with seemingly everything entertaining ( news program , comedy monologue , tv show ) around u hop , skip and jumping from scene-to-scene or subject-to-subject so fast that it is a miracle we all do not suffer from attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( adhd ) . it seems like we just have to have something changing all the time in front of our eye . but is it really entertainment when we have to have our brain hopped-up on caffeine just to keep-up ? i do not think so ! jeanne robertson stress through her story of the little thing that happen around her that humor is a very valuable commodity that we need to to be on the look-out for and enjoy on a daily basis . storytelling is not something new , in fact it is the forerunner to book and everything else that we currently use to communicate . and while storytelling can be from one person to another , it is best shared with an audience so that more can enjoy the story , and the audience can share between each other the point expressed in the story . in southern style , you have a recording of jeanne speaking before an audience that is truly enjoying the story , and you can almost see them wink at each other when something she say hit home . to me , southern storyteller are the best because the art ha carried on longer , and it is still considered an art . having lived all over the united state , i know other region have great storyteller , but there is something about the south that ha made the region retain it storytelling supremacy . some may say it because for so long so many folk lacked an education , or a tv or radio , and it wa necessary to tell story to keep others entertained . whatever the case , it is a blessing that one can conveniently download a cd to listen to a wonderful and gifted storyteller like jeanne robertson . while all of ms. robertson cd are excellent , southern style , to me , is the cream of the crop , and through amazon you can now download it . i would strongly suggest you download all of it because the story are very good , and they have a tendency to interweave : from the tale of the two miss north carolina and her husband ( left-brain ) exploit , to her fashion story of wearing a pashmina ( fancy wrap ) in new york . in closing , let me say i wa blessed to have have been raised in the south , with it great storyteller , but for those of you who were not , i can think of no better example of storytelling by a master storyteller than southern style by jeanne robertson .
1	great item , just what i needed .
0	weak vocal , weak instrumental . they clearly have lowered the key for several song yet joseph sound like he is straining . he sound like he is lying on his back with a collapsed lung . where is the donny osmond version that i love ? other version of this soundtrack are 5 star . this one is terrible .
1	beautifully sung by howard shore ! a great buy .
0	the beat is choppy over typical 80 rythym . you get the feeling of a james bond film . i think i did hear it @ the beginning of a james bond film . i always thought duran duran wa from england .
0	while , at 99 cent , the collection is quite cheap and feature some fine performance , buyer should be aware that the highly regarded performance of the messiah by the bach collegium japan is butchered rather badly : it is drastically ( and clumsily cut ) . we get the soprano recitative there were shepherd abiding in the field , but not the marvelous aria that follows . and his yoke is easy , his burden is light , along with he shall feed his flock is also missing . i would have gladly given up a few of the other 111 amazing track in order to get a messiah that wasnt edited in such a clumsy fashion . this seems like a performance worth getting to know , but those who purchase this collection will be missing quite a bit . ( a helpful commentator on this review pointed out the the entire bach collegium japan messiah is available in & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/111-amazing-classical-handel/dp/b00g7kbsb2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > 111 amazing classical : handel < /a >
0	i guess i do not have the right device to play them . unable to view .
0	love the goat , but this song . well , seems they used so much creative energy in coming up with the title they had little left for the actual song .
0	this review is about the quality of the vinyl , not the quality of the music . my copy of this album skipped several time , most notably on the song deck dark . always in the exact same spot . a this is unacceptable , i had to send it back .
0	shania is my favorite female artist of all time , and one of my favorite artist a well . so , i wa so excited to hear that she had finally released a new song . but , i wa horribly disappointed when i heard this song . i really expected better from her than this ! in the past , i would have bought a shania cd without bothering to preview it first because i knew that it would be really good , if not excellent . when shania finally release her next cd , i will definitely preview it first , and if it is a bad a today is your day , i may not even bother buying it .
1	these two are amazing .
1	one of my lil boy favorite !
0	not a bad bond title song . but no excuse why this is not on soundtrack cd . adele should be boycotted . barbara should be ashamed of herself causing cubby to roll over in his grave .
1	wont go wrong , and enjoyed every second of eric claptons music . other downloaded mp3 music lacked clarity . you will not regret getting/purchasing these music .
0	lousy choice of song
0	music did not download .
0	i like other song by her better , this song is okay , but she ha done a lot better on her other song .
1	i just really like this song .
0	i wa told this wa happy music . i find it boring & depressing . i am tossing it .
0	i could not download this . i tried multiple time and reading all of the help info did not help ! very disappointed
1	the greatest band no one ha ever heard of ha done it again . how doe a band get better and better after every album is beyond me . happy to call them my favorite band with one of the greatest song writer ever .
1	this is nice song from my day of growing up in the 70 and still is a good song .
1	if nothing else , i highly recommend light by battleme . great haunting song that replay in my head over and over . i can even see the image of jax following juice in his truck a this song is being played .
1	i mean seriously , if you do not know and love this song , you either should not be listening to the door or something is wrong with you . i know it college music these day , but all the same .
0	the only two song that are worth listening for me are the disco song . i wa extremely disappointed in the despicable me song , i wa expecting the song like in the opening of the film and i wa le than happy when a chorus of childrens ( ? ) voice started chiming in . i do not recall that from the movie at all . i enjoy the movie very much , but i can not recommend this album if your interest lie in more of the movie version of the song rather than the song on this cd . i should have demoed the song before ordering , but i do like the disco song that are not available for download .
0	this particular sky record digital album is being sold without jarboes approval . do not support this particular download .
0	sound like it wa recorded during tuesday night music club ( i know it wasnt ) and that is not my favorite era of hers . sound sorta been-there-done-that . hope the rest of the detour cd is better .
1	i am jockin on these hater , man . this song is a euphoric mix of culture + party . five star .
1	wishbone ash ha always been a favorite of mine and these recording are exceptional in quality
1	timeless lyric and music for anyone who ha loved and lost . basically , all of u just about .
1	i heard this gentleman sing on huckabee one night and i loved his voice . i immediately went to amazon to find the song and get it .
1	great album ! thank you !
0	i am truly a j-hud fan and have waited for this cd forever . it wa a truly let down for me with a few exception if it is not love , my heart , i am his only woman , invisible and naturally spotlight best song on the cd ! i am shocked that this is what clive davis had in mind for her . even though kelly clarksons my december had one hit on it and davis told her to start over and she said no . i would rather jennifer to of done it her way then his . but i still love ya jenn hopefully better next time ! for now i will be listening to her solo off of the dreamgirls soundtrack simply because love you i do is more like stuff she should be doing .
1	i will start off by saying that i am one of those completist type . i have to own everything by maybe a certain band , or person . i mention this because a man named john dwyer is a principal member of yikes ! , a well a at least 8 other band . i own everything he is done , and i have to admit , this particular album get the most play . you will know dwyer from his raunchy day of coachwhip fame . he did yikes ! right after coachwhip , and it show . it is extremely thick , reverb-soaked screaming madness- but the catch is that it is much slower . it is not psychobilly or punk , but extremely loud , thick , heavy drug-induced blue type stuff , with dwyers indiscernible voice wailing over every note . do yourself a serious favor and pick up both yikes ! album right now . they are quite short , but they pack one of the most memorable punch that a genre could possibly offer .
0	i am not sure who came up with the ridiculous track listing for this set . but ddamn , ss13 ? really ? pretty sad omission here . new slayer fan : start with reign in blood and buy the entire catalog . this is a waste .
0	ok
1	this is a splendid sampler of classical greatest hit featured in film . i have been enjoying it while working and it enlivens my day .
1	andy williams singing ha always been of the highest quality and his backup arrangement some of the finest . this is a great song for lover .
0	wow , what a load of garbage . if you watch the movie , the music might make sense . a a stand-alone experience without the visual side to accompany it , the album is an epic fail . the cellist , dave eggar , might be accomplished and all , but that doe not really come across on this album . and if you are a fan of amy lee or evanescence , there is nothing to see here . amys vocal appear on maybe 5 % of the whopping 30 minute the album play for . the one song amy wrote for the album , push the button , is easily the effort worst track . sounding like a weird techno piece that someone forgot behind the dj in ibiza , it is completely out of place on the album a a whole . stay clear of this piece of crap .
1	will put you in the mood !
0	i did not like this version of this song , but since this wa free , i guess i should not complain .
0	i love fall out boy but they ruinned this song . one of mjs best song he did : (
0	i am sorry . i have not been able to listen to this all the way through twice . love come to life wa amazing . i suppose this may be a worship album , but it lack all of the dynamic variety of come to life , which ha had me in tear many time . i will be selling it .
1	beautiful !
1	what a fantastic gift from the fjord ! this cd is astoundingly well-crafted , every note seems perfectly placed , the lyric are wise and beautifully fitted to the music . generally , this is soft , warm , lulling music , but it doe not put you to sleep . toxic girl is catchy , jangly , and rhythmic- without ever seeming pretentious or overproduced . sing softly to me will have you snapping and nodding your head before you know it . there is a real soothing quality here , though , that can not be denied . fan of low and air should be quite pleased .
1	great album ! they have such wonderful voice . i wish i could sing like that .
1	nice to be able to download an old single song that trigger old memory instead of buying an entire album .
1	i am in love with this : ) .
1	good oldie classic rock song from the 80
1	i love this song because it is really catchy and fun and ha cute lyric . david archuleta win again . : )
1	amazing album !
1	love her and her music !
1	love this album . one of his best . if you like this one you will love & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/self-made/dp/b0014567mk/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > self made < /a > from his homie mike jones
0	im a big cornell fan but this is total garbage and an insult to cornell , soundgarden , audioslave , and totg fan everywhere . this should be a justin timbercrap song .
1	it is a good cd
0	for a while it seemed that taylor swift could do no wrong . even those who were not swayed by her honest-to-heels girliness have to admit that she creates captivating popular song , with each album outshining the last one . swift would even prove her doubter who would claim that third time is rarely the charm false when she came up with her best-to-date album speak now , which , like fearless , is laced with big-girl wisdom that anyone can nod his/her head to . but this time around it seems that she ha finally gone out of fuel . her latest album , boldly named red , is an abysmal effort at best , creating a vast change of style that surrendered to the mainstream bubble-gum pop princess pop , with an infantile attitude and horrendously little-girly lyric . those of u who are curious and hopeful of how swift will grow a an artist will be terribly disappointed : swift ha not grown with her 4th album but shrank , or more explicitly , aging backwards ; her song are now for 13-year-old girl ( or younger ) and anyone else who is willing to throw up her hand and say awww how cute ! the trouble immediately started with her first single we are never ever getting back together . the title of the song is already bad enough , but one must give taylor swift the benefit of the doubt , after all , one of the song on her last ( deluxe ) album is called if this wa a movie and it turned out to be a beautiful , heart-felt song ( and one of my favorite from her ) . this time however , luck ha ran out ; it wa even worse than i couldve ever imagined . how bad ? well , let u just say that it is only remotely better than rebecca black viral friday , but unlike rebecca black , she can not plead lack of experience or young age . it is a song that is entirely devoid of any poetic element and consist of simply girly talk . at one point she even croons : i say , ` i hate you , we break up , you call me , ` i love you . an accurate parody of the song can be thus : oh so i told you the other day , i called him up , and he wa like : ` can we make up ? and i wa like : ` no way and he wa like ` please and we ended up in like , this restaurant , and then he said something that i did not like , so i wa like : we are never ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever getting back together again . and he wa like ` whaaaat ? and i wa like yep . i have no doubt that this song ha the potential to sell very well . after all , just how many time can one over-estimate the american audience anyways ? the phrasing of most of the rest of her song are the worst i have heard of taylor swift so far . the album is entirely filled of nauseating bleep like re-e-e-e-e-d and me-e-e-e-e-e that went along her usual chick-self-victimizing lyric that , unlike the last couple of album , lacked any kind of depth or insight that can appeal to a mature brain , thus they are no longer charming but annoyingly ego-centric that can be characterized a those that came from the mouth of a popular and pouty teenage cheerleader . while any song on red that actually sound tad-bit more mature consist of boring tune that fell out of any grace that taylor swift had with her past strong ballade such a dear john or back to december . even worse move wa to invite other ( male ) singer to collaborate song with her . normally we listen to swift album and because it is recorded in a studio , we forget the fact that swift is very weak vocally , but now , with other singer , the difference is painfully acknowledged . especially the last time in which she sang with gary lightbody of snow patrol . lightbody essentially owned the song , out-reflect swift squeaking like she is a timid sing-along audience in the background . there ha always been argument of swift genre : whether she can be considered country or just pop . and it did not matter because she wa good at what she doe . but now , with this album , who can really say that she is still country ? her album is not even good pop . perhaps she should think twice before working with a bunch of song-writers for bubble-gum pop and return to do everything by herself , or work with better musician ( her best new song ha been safe and sound with civil war , many people who heard that song doubted that swift had any major writing , and they are justified in their skepticism-she is clearly not on that level yet ) a word of advice for taylor swift is that before she doe , she should slow down and take a good look around her . being ego-centric and aggressively victimizing oneself may have their charm for a while , but too much of something is rarely a good thing . because the truth of matter is , the world is composed of much bigger thing than her .
1	great cd . this is the only cd i have found with so many great song on one disc . usually there are a couple good hit along with average or below average hit . from start to finish this cd will have you saying i have forgotten how great that song is . definitely recommend to any 70 music fan .
0	csn , deja vu , after the gold rush . these were the album that helped to define an era for some of u . csn never supassed that first album , either collectively or individually though they did have some good song on some album . neil young wa able to transcend the era , that is why he still is a vital recording artist . nostalgia make me sad . i do not need it .
0	i really wanted to like this album a i bought it the first day it came out . i bought it . and also got two bonus track butterfly and christmas song ( for a total of 18 ) on this version . i am very sorry to say that india sophomore effort is jinxed . i have listened to it carefully about five time and nothing really stand out . the track become monotonous because the production is weak and the lyric are extraordinarily sappy and preachy . the best song india ha done aside from her first album is butterfly . this song stood out on the red star sound compilation album . sadly , this song is rehashed on this album but this version completely destroyed the beauty of the original . instead of a strong , punctuating beat to accompany some good lyric from the original , the new version slows to a crawl and never build the momentum of the original . the christmas song with stevie wonder is nothing more than filler . india message just do not resonate with me on this album . she actually seemed more mature and realistic on her first album , while this album is very idealistic and overly positive . hopefully she will make more classic like brown skin , back to the middle , video , and nature in the future .
1	tennessee-born chester burton atkins ( 6/20/24 - 6/30/01 ) wa co-creator with owen bradley of the nashville sound . he produced record for elvis , the everly brother and so many others , but chets true genuis lay in his virtuoso guitar playing . this pioneer in multitrack recording won fourteen grammys and wa instrumentalist of the year nine time . he is a member of the rock and roll , country music and musician hall of fame . rca victor 1964 lp entitled the best of chet atkins wa issued in both mono ( lpm 2887 ) and simulated stereo ( lsp-2887e ) . three here are * chet original , while * two were co-written with boudleaux bryant . there are no charting single on this album . side one [ 2:56 ] jitterbug waltz [ 2:27 ] peanut vendor [ 2:27 ] djangos castle ( manoir de me rf ) [ 2:15 ] * blue ocean echo [ 2:01 ] * yankee doodle dixie [ 2:30 ] swedish rhapsody side two [ 3:57 ] vanessa [ 2:15 ] * trambone [ 2:45 ] malaguea [ 2:21 ] meet mister callaghan [ 2:15 ] * main street breakdown [ 1:53 ] * country gentleman total time : 30:02
0	not good . at all .
0	i hate not having a portable mp # file . i either own the music or i do not ? i do not listen to these tune on my computer !
0	i am not a fan of the vocal being redone . i liked the original much more . listen before you buy !
0	every time i try to play . it crash my computer . dont buy . i bought to add to a powerpoint presentation and it will not work .
0	this is some sort techno version like the first reviewer said . the only place that ha the original seems to be rhapisody under some hit of 80 cd . it sound a little thin to me but it the right version at least .
1	good song
1	sent to a friend and now they love to hear him sing also . hope he recovers from his operation . thanks
0	i do not understand , how serious yes fan can consider this fly from here to be a real yes album . step back to the real world , dude : this is nothing else than an album that could be better titled a drama , vol 2. . but this time , the performing band name is maybe . . hey , but . what can you really expect when there is no more jon anderson and rick ( or even his so-talented son adam ) wakeman , back in the full gang ? in addition , trevor horn ha buggles-ed the music once again . this fly from here , definitely , only ha the cover art ( another excellent work of the maestro roger dean ) of a yes album . the music , really performed by the band maybe . and zero star .
0	i have been a fan of heart since 1976 but i must say this album is a stinker . i thought the sister wilson wanted to rock on this record . sorry . but i aint hearing it here .
0	poor quality mixing . poor quality sound . save your $ ! look elsewhere .
1	i think it a different side of beyonce , i feel she is confessing her love for jay z and how they compliment each other by saying that she isdrunk in love , great record and very sexy video
0	this skip too many line . she read line 1-7 then skip 8-12. read 13-30 , then skip 31-38. read 39-42 skip again 43-66 ! at first i did not know what wa going on . disappointed and not worth the money .
0	wow . do not know what happened here . usually i have no problem with amazon downloads , but this one suck . not crisp . instead it is got a fuzzy , dull quality . doe terrible justice to this excellent tune .
1	air return with love 2 - their best work , in my opinion , since 1998s moon safari . the french duo have taken a more experimental approach to this album - often delving amongst walls-of-sound ( do the joy ) and synth-driven scope ( be a bee ) . alternatively , the album offer perhaps air more accessible pop-tune to date with sing sang sung . with this type of contrast ( notable from quite an early stage on the album ) one ha to expect some surprise along the way . do the joy - an odd track to start the album with . nonetheless , a good indicator of the album flow and overall feel . the song sound like something from 10,000 hz legend , with it is multi-layered synth forefront and distorted voice effect . not the album strongest but interesting and innovative at the very least . 7/10 love - once again , not your typical second song . it hold a sense of simplicity though , and a the song progress it turn from a basic loop into a nice , soft-like piece with a great chord progression and melody ( the glockenspiel add an awesome feel ) . sound like something you would hear at the end of moon safari - especially the later half of the piece . it wasnt my favourite at first , but after a few listens it grew on me . 7/10 so light is her football - the first song to really feature lyrical dynamic . the music sound pocket symphony era , with the song being driven by piano and hovering string . i heard ( or read ) somewhere that this will be the second single off the album . an odd decision i believe , but who know - maybe it need more listens . the song seems a little bland at some point , but hold suspense from an instrumentation point of view . 6/10 be a bee - definitely not a song you would think air would produce . with it is western-like feel , the song sound like something off a surfing documentary . it is fun but also lack differentiation ( on all front ) . it could have done with some structuring overhauling . not the greatest song on the album but hey - that is something you will probably be use to at this stage , right ? 6/10 missing the light of the day - an interesting tune with some rather unique sound . if you have ever seen air live you would know what i am talking about . they seem to produce some pretty funky patch throughout their set , and this song is a pretty good indicator of that . if you have heard any of brian enos earlier album you could make a comparison with this song psuedo-alternatuve twist . nothing overly exciting , but a worthwhile listen . 7/10 tropical disease - the album longest tune and one of the best , in my opinion . contrary to what i have mention so far with regard to lyrical absence , i have always been one to fancy air instrumental track . i believe it take a higher-level degree of musical integrity to produce a track that satisfies your audience , depending entirely on instrumentation and dynamical-presence . the song sound like two turned into one . the first half is up beat and ha a similar essence to be a bee . a it progress it slows down into an ambient plateau , reminiscent of something off talkie walkie . 8/10 heaven light - definitely one of the album standout track . itd be right at home with the like of la femme dargent and ce matin la . probably the album most chill-out number , with it is swirling progression ( especially towards the middle half ) and heavenly vocal scene . my personal favorite and a seamlessly perfect ambient tune . 10/10 night hunter - another instrumental track with a great beat to it . cross the electronica soundscapes of 10,000 hz legend and add the piano-driven feel of ( the majority of ) pocket symphony and you have this great combination of ambience and almost down-tempo-like rhythm . a great addition to the second half of the album and an homage to the lighter side of air . 9/10 sing sang sung - well what can we say about this ! easily air most accessible pop-song to date with an amazing effort from the boy and their female vocalist . with a musical infusion that sound like something from a tlpopmusik album , this number is easily one of the best on the entire album . simple yet so effective in it delivery . there is just enough contrast between chorus , verse and so on to give the tune a refreshing feel . if you are going to get someone into this album , nay , air themselves , this might be a good starting point ! 10/10 eat my beat - one of the shortest on the album . the song is a good break from the ambient/instrumental-driven latter half of the album . with it is brewing crescendo mid day through the piece , it introduces an awesome little synth melody line which is bound to engage further interest . 8/10 you can tell it to everybody - an awesome chill-out track to begin the closing stage of the album . once again , i find myself being reminded of the later half of moon safari with this one . ` new star in the sky ( chanson pour solal ) would have this a it is little sister . acoustic and laid-back in it is approach , this tune is a near perfect night song . with it is distorted harmonica interlude , it is bound to sooth whatever sorrow you are experiencing and take you to a calmer place . 9/10 african velvet - whilst at first this may not seem like your average album closer , african velvet is probably one of the most interesting track on the album . with it is hand-picked guitar segment , and it is front-line horn melody , it is a perfect way to close of this special album . with a smooth bass line , hinting the like of la femme dargent , velvet will undoubtedly spark interest and keep you listening to the last note . a great way to close off love 2 . 8/10 i gave this effort from air four star in the end . but i am not ruing out a higher score . it is definitely an album that need a few listens for it to really soak in . not a accessible a their earlier album , but for anyone who is been hanging for a different approach fomr these french ambient-masters , your wait is over . if i could relate it to any album previously released , i would say 10,000 hz legend . on one hand this album may be sour for fan of air more chill-out tune , but on the other ` love 2 ha the making of attracting a whole new market/denomination of listener from all corner of the music globe . give it a go and do not give up after a few listens . itll grow on you . trust me !
0	home for christmas . sound innocent enough . but you would be well advised to stay away from this home . it is a horrible place . you will be asking santa for some ear plug if you purchase this cd . alternately , you can buy it for people on your christmas list that you do not like or just plain hate . how bad is it ? some say that the cia used it to torture hardened terrorist suspect in guantanamo . it had them babbling like baby in minute . but if you are a fan of kenneth copeland , go ahead and buy it if you must . after all , the man ha a private jet and he is got ta pay for that jet fuel somehow !
0	it is good
0	i like the song very much . my copy skip . the gifted copy i sent to my girlfriend , turn up on her phone , but she must purchase . how do i get a refund ?
1	the song is catchy and fun . amy winehouse wa a very talented singer and her vocal work very well with the lyric of the song .
1	perfect
1	the best song were from the 80 and this is no exception . i heard this before the whole how i met your mother hype and it ha always been a fun song to jam along to , especially in the car .
0	ken vasoli graduated from my high school so all of you teeny bopping 12 year old who run around screaming , kenny , are full of it . this album is anything but what i expected from the band . if you want a real starting line sound drop by my house sometime and i will show you some tape i have of them playing local show around here . you know , before they sucked . ok , so they do not suck , but they were far better before they released this cd . stay underground with song like gregs last day and the original leaving . good starting line , unlike this album
1	great time to have this a an anthem , i change the lyric to dancing through the wire b/c i am champion sorry katie , but that is what it felt like to me . i had to dance through wire to be with her , dangerous and not a good thing to do .
0	01-06- making memory of us.mp3 could not be imported . the selected file is not valid or is corrupted this is my error message so the file is no good to me . .
1	love it !
0	how can the album be 9.99 when the 2 track separately are each .99 ? what kind of price gouging is this ?
0	i yawned . i actually yawned .
0	i attended a workshop given by mary desrosiers , back when she first released this album . i wa very disappointed to find that she had only a nodding acquaintance with the little house story , evidenced by comment she made throughout the workshop . sure , the incorrect reference were mostly detail oriented- but , if you are a diehard fan of laura ingalls wilder book , it is the detail that really count ! when it came to the music , i wa disappointed further to find that desrosiers used different song than the one laura had included in her book . for example , laura had included all of the lyric to roll the old chariot along in the long winter . instead of using the lyric provided , however , desrosiers decided to substitute a british sailor drinking song , claiming that lauras father wa really something of a lush . by the same token , her story behind billy boy is that lauras ma had sung the song to pa , when he came home from running around town , and she had not known where he wa . no incident like that is found anywhere in the entire little house series ! if you are just looking for some example of pioneer song , this album will fit the bill nicely . if you are truly wanting to know the music laura knew , a she knew it , keep looking .
0	100 % trash with disgusting text and poor music .
1	the entire cd is greatly composed of real r & b music . scream and emergency are two of my favorite although the entire disc you can play from start to finish and jam . tank music in the past ha always been enjoyable to me but he ha really matured with this cd . the great thing is he did not try to conform to some of the newer antic with his sound , he just stayed true to himself in which i can appreciate . for the lady . tank picture on the inside cover prof to be an extra bonus for u ! lol !
0	it did nothing for me , i lost not one pound .
1	david broza is an amazing talent . loved seeing him live and wa thrilled to purchase this cd .
0	this is just terrible song period . it is just bad . it really make little sense . it wa written to elicit a heart felt response , but instead you just roll your eye and wonder how it managed to see the light of day .
1	this is a awesome cd . full of cruchy guitar , dual solo , thumping bass and pounding drum . everything tou would expect from stryper and more !
1	adele ha a wonderful way of arranging and singing song . this one is a great example
1	i had most of these number on two cassette tape , which eventually wore out , so i wa delighted to find they would been combined into one cd . the quality wa excellent and it wa like having an old friend who would moved away come back to the neighborhood !
1	i love this album . favorite include anthem , run , outlaw , scared , chasing twister , and my whole life long . after it all make me weep with joy . if you have never seen them live , do not miss the chance . anyone can sound decent in the studio with a thousand take , few sound even better live and delta rae definitely sound even better live .
1	took his course up at the conference center . amazing ! changed my life . increased my biblical understanding by 1000 % ! you simply can not go wrong with this . and dan ha been teaching this method to student of all type , culture , country , and language for generation . it work , and you will understand it . all material , not a lot of added unnecessary b.s . ( sorry ) . in other word the focus is the lesson , not dan ! if i could buy it for you , i would . if i could put it online for free , i would . but i can not . but it is le than $ 10 , so just get it .
0	i purchased the song because i wanted to hear it with both bryan may and luciano pavarotti . and pavarotti doe not sing it !
1	digital download wa smooth .
1	awesome song !
1	awsome song
1	beautiful song ! worship worship worship ! amen .
1	it is a good song with nice lyric . the beat is slow jam style . may help ppl understand to listen to their mate before the relationship come to an end .
0	i am so sad that this record is very bad . i love metallica and wa excited to add this my my vinyl collection of mostly classic rock . however , you can tell that this wa a cheaply pressed record . my old record have a very full sound eventhough they are 20yr old , but a soon a you play this one you can notice that the sound doe not have any level . it is like the speaker wa blown , very very bad to the point of me not being able to enjoy the music . oh well , that is what i get for paying only $ 10+ for a vinyl
0	paul taylor music is not the same a when i bought his earlier cd . the music is not a great a it wa before .
1	remembered this song from year ago and am very glad to have found it again .
1	awesomeness love this song very inspiring and heart felt , i could listen to it all day it make my heart so filled with the spirit .
1	beautiful music
0	not close to his best , just pedestrian , a money making pot boiler .
0	still trying to find out how i ordered this mp3 song i hat the way amazon music tried to take over my computer and start up this program every time i booted up . had to uninstall it from my computer . bad experience and product .
1	great song ! i cry every time i hear it .
1	i like this song a i know it wa meant for his father tug mcgraw . it is a great song and tim doe a good job singing it but i am not a fan of tims .
0	i hate that anyone think this is burl ives . listen to the other song on this album . listen to the classic from the original animated how the grinch stole christmas . the singer name wa thurl ravenscroft .
1	exellent
0	actually , to say , i do not like it is not totally accurate . it is more than just tolerable , but i guess i wa expecting something more than i got .
1	can you wait , love this song . have been waiting on this cd to come out for a long time . worth the wait .
0	this film exemplifies everything i dislike ( and try to avoid ) about hollywood production . terrible .
1	nate dogg took p-funk and funk to a whole new level with his smooth blue jazz vocal yes sir no musician man can sing like nate dogg or even come close or near or even simaler
0	i wa very excited for this album to come out . i have been a fan of river and the =w= since childhood . i am only on my first day of listening , but am in shock at the quality . big hype over this album and all it is is random , jammy song put into an album . plus i have heard half of these song in the past with the same quality or better . not too impressed . but i will always purchase weezer related album for support , but after the green album , make believe , and now this . i am a bit turned off . lover in the snow , blast off , & who you callin bitch are the only worthy song . again , i have heard these before this album . go buy the blue deluxe album . it is a way better buy !
1	we lost this wonderful country singer way too young . his song calm the soul and lift your spirit . he will be missed .
1	this came out in the 80 and wa a record of rerecordings of their hit . it is for completists like me . i think the new version are great ! but there is no cd for this one . i wish they would put out the rest of their early stuff . but this one will do if you want the band doing great version of their song . with mark l too .
1	amazing album been with j. cole since the warm-up , good to see he still keep it real .
1	great song about god
0	downloaded it but it ha the same defect a the 30 year old cd track .
0	company wa great . thought it would be more contemporary music . the cd wa to much blue . depressing at best . others may like it .
0	i do not know if it is amazon fault , but it seems like the sound mixing on the mp3 is bad . too much treble , muddy in the midrange , and the bass is lacking , or maybe it is just overshadowed by the treble . listening to this track on my regular speaker doe not normally make my ears- literally , not figuratively- hurt . i am so thankful for program like audacity ( sound manipulation program ) so i can balance it out myself , but i should not have to .
0	wtf is this trash . this album suck . the weekend killin you
1	love love love !
0	this is terribly , embarrassingly boring . i know that phil spector is not dead yet , but even he must be practicing spinning in his grave if he is been subjected to this rebel-biker jagoff bupkis . if you thought garbage wa garage , you just might possibly mistake the raveonettes latest stinker for an entire landfill . in either case , take my advice and head in the opposite direction . in & out of control is nothing more than disney music for the cutting set . the stuffed toy market most definitely also extends to the suicidal-fantasy demographic . cotton candy noose and jelly has-been . oh , i buried you today indeed .
0	there is only one song on this cd worth listening to . i recoment getting the mp3 version of tarzan boy and ignore the rest of the song .
1	the majestic song dead or alive open this 1981 album on which cale is backed by sturgis nikides , jim goodwin , peter muny & robert medici . alone worth the price of the album , this song portrays the destructive nature of the pornographic underground and is driven by the shimmering trumpet line of john gatchell . a live version with a significantly different feel appears on & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/comes-alive/dp/b001ijz188/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > come alive < /a > . fighter pilot is another frenzied track where the bomberettes provide frisky background vocal whilst cales voice & viola rule on the multi-layered wilson joliet . eerie & gothic , street of laredo is a slow brooding piece with strange percussive sound effect that would not seem out-of-place in the work of edgar varese . equally downtempo , strange time in casablanca ha surrealistic lyric and a psychedelic texture . the highly experimental title track is a strange atonal affair dominated by the french chant of honi soit qui mal y pense , stab of high-pitched backing vocal and the weird wailing of dissonant synths & guitar . normality return with the mournful & melodious riverbank that reach a crescendo before fading out on enchanting instrumentation ; it recall the gentler side of & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/wrong-way-up/dp/b000002lnb/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > wrong way up < /a > , cales 1990 collaboration with brian eno . russian roulette rock hard in the & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/slow-dazzle/dp/b0013n47n4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > slow dazzle < /a > & nbsp ; manner and the album concludes with magic & lie , a striking blend of classical and rock that expires on the last gasp of shuddering drum pattern . honi soit is an uneven album and not amongst cales most accessible .
0	i am very disappointed i thought this wa posted be a regular size cd i had no idea this wa a mini cd and i do not have a mini cd player at all so i could not even use this i am very disappointed on my purchase them to keep u posted on line i had the right to if i give it a one star rating i thought this wa post be a regular size cd i waste my money nobody should not buy this because you are gon na be disappointed when you receive it
1	i remember when the four top were popular and i still love them today . soon my oldie favorite list will be at 150 !
1	beautiful . great acoustic . great ballad
1	this is one of my favorite old school christmas song . this is a classic .
0	poor sound quality .
0	just junk
0	i have never laughed so hard at a classical music piece and the false ending just make it even funnier . maybe i should give it more star because it really brightened my day . plus it made me feel better about my own piano playing .
1	love this song !
1	a+
1	worth it !
0	no good
0	did not like this album . totally hated la llave de mi corazon it sounded like the song you would hear on a burger king commercial . why add the english lyric ? there is no need for it . i am totally disappointed and deleting from my ipod . get all of his previous material , because it is really world class .
1	have always loved this song- more the music than the word . it seems to be the only one by gotye that i like though .
1	well done . well done .
0	i got a lot of song off of amazon that were free and i did not like any of them , including this song . i guess it wa worth the price .
1	the band perry is amazing and i think this is their best song yet . followed closely by hip to my heart ! listen to this song once and you are hooked !
0	i like bar and band version of song , but this ha too much not funny in it for me . it is one thing to be drunk and hear story and laugh about shooting your neighbor cat , sleeping with your cousin , sister , brother , dad , or whatever else is in this music . line about the anus detract from the music for me . clean it up , be a little more creative and this could be good late night bonfire music .
1	an enjoyable mix of cuisine , cultural mix and personal transformation . loved it !
1	excelent damn donna u did it again u came through with a very empowering and inspirational song without being cheesy or to religious something i needed at this point in my life thank you i love you a life long fan
1	great song !
0	wow . i wa hoping for more like his first 2 album and wa severely disappointed . nirvana . really ? not great listening .
0	to country
1	anything that patti labelle sings can not be bad ! i loved this song when she and michael mcdonald first recorded it , on separate coast , and i still love it ! wonderful album ! maryg
0	sound quality is poor - probably original . it would be better if the track had been remastered . at least you get to hear the way the music sounded by the original band at the time they were produced .
0	the song is great the mp3 stink amazon ha it tagged so you have to use their player to get it to work . it is not a stand alone mp3 . i do not think i will be buying anymore mp3s from amazon .
1	heard this on a cable tv play list and had to find it ! had never heard it before and i am glad i did !
0	no , this is not another i have been a fan of lucinda since . this or that record . ( usually wheel on a gravel road , which everyone seems to worship ) and i wa really so disappointed because she a ) mumble b ) slur or c ) is not a good a she wa on car wheel . true , i have always liked lucinda . in a world of boy band and shallow pop music she is been a constant factor , not always brilliant , but always heartfelt and sincere , providing a steady stream of decent album in the borderland between country , blue and rock . her life ha not always been easy , which is reflected in her voice . in this , her latest release , i feel that everything go wrong . it is a double cd , only 7 track on each record , most of them way too long , a if adding a few minute of instrumentals or an extra verse on each is good enough excuse to make an extra disc out of it . sure , she mumble , but that is not really the main problem . she ha always mumbled , all the way back to passionate kiss when her voice wa still young and strong . it ha never really bothered me that i needed to listen to the song a few extra time to pick up all the word . what make this album such a pain to listen to , is the music itself . the complete lack of new tune . to be honest i feel i have heard it all before . in fact i am pretty sure at least three of the song - door of heaven , i know all about it and bitter memory are pale copy of something i can only vaguely remember , and the final track faith and grace is just a 13 minute jam session gone horribly wrong . there is even a dreadful cover version of bruce springsteens factory , where she manages to take every ounce of life and soul out of what wa once a quite powerful rock ballad . some review praise her sound , which is stripped down and pretty basic . to me it sound flat , uninterested and stale , a if a group of capable studio musician have been pulled in to try to make a decent effort for the grand old lady of root music . it is the sound of old beer , tired muscle and autumn rain . it is the sound of indifference . could have been mark knopfler . could have been leonard cohen . could have been the soundtrack of just about any ageing musician whose spirit is fading and the only thing left is to get done with the job . ha lucinda finally lost it ? have all the year of boozing and shorting finally taken it toll ? this is supposed to be a concept album of the highway 20 , and maybe it wa just an idea gone wrong , something she felt strongly to make although the idea wa better than the song that came out of it ? i liked her previous album , where she had more than enough song to make it a double . i liked little honey and i liked sweet old world better than car wheel . ( although i might be accused of blasphemy for saying so ) . and in a world where good and original songwriter are few and far between , i still hope and believe that lucinda ha it in her . this one , however , wa just a big yawn to me .
0	compared to taylor swift cd , this really suck !
1	i really love this song and enjoy having it on my computer and kindle . i like the idea of choosing the song i want and not having to purchase the entire album .
0	it is a good song but it is not a spectacular song . this song is lacking the spectacular quality of all of her previous music . i love gaga , but not this song
0	i heard a lot of good thing about this album so i bought it only to become disappointed . many of the song seem forced and repetitive if other hit they have had . i have it an honest listen several time before actually returning it-for me , it wa that bad . about the only good thing i can say is that blink 182 ha an awesome drummer .
1	if you want a variety of beethoven music , this is an excellent selection . beautiful , beautiful music . relaxing , uplifting , moving . it just doe not get any better !
0	heard this on a movie and really dug the lyric . have not really listened to it since i downloaded it . the intro wa too long for me , and i do not like the vocal they are shaky like there is hardly any talent . once i heard the whole song the lyric are not a impressive a when i heard it on the movie .
1	it wa amazing !
1	the used cd came from library-by the-lake , and wa exactly a discribed . it wa in perfect condition and arrived quickly , without damage . the life action singer produce great music and this cd is one of their best .
0	did not order this
0	most song on this album are too similar . i only enjoyed 2 song . not the best album i have bought in a while . i do like sinach , and wa quite disappointed with this one .
0	i did not realize that zappa had more than one recorded version of peach en regalia . the version on hot rat merit 5 star . this version left me greatly dissapointed .
0	not the same singer that did the original hit like secret lover and always .
0	disappointing
1	love love love
0	um . no .
0	god , what a letdown this wa . people in the global internet nirvana worshiping community were foaming at the mouth for this thing for month , until they saw the tracklisting - the original record , b-sides that every already ha , the smart studio tape that everyone already ha ( and is not that good ) and a live cd that everyone already ha . then they got real bummed when they heard it and realized it wa brickwalled in the mastering stage , meaning , a someone else ha already explained , compressed to hell so everything is the same volume ( loud ) and it hurt your ear , getting rid of many aural detail in the process . no doubt , the boombox rehearsal tape and the devonshire mix were tantalizing . i wa really hoping for the devonshire mix to deliver , a butch mix of breed on with the light out is killer . however , they are kind of all over the place , which i suppose one should expect for rough mix - some drum are too loud ( lithium ) , some too buried in the mix ( breed , territorial pissing ) , etc . i wanted to love them , but overall i do not . i do prefer the vocal on there , a they actually sound like vocal and not wrapped in plastic , and the bass sound like a bass . people who are seriously into engineering seem to have problem with the different sound of the drum . it is nothing i notice though . also , if you wan na see hardcore nirvana fan get really pissed off , google sound city sappy . in the end , the boombox tape is definitely the gem here . much better quality than i wa expecting and it ha never been circulated in any form anywhere . really interesting stuff to see the band developing these monster song in a time that would , in retrospect , be the calm before the storm . it is that much-fabled last innocence period . now to get at what you receive in exchange for your money - four cd , a dvd and a hardcover book for $ 109- $ 130+ , depending where you got ( get ) it . with the light out is currently around $ 40 here and you get three cd , a dvd and a softcover book . both have substantial packaging . with the light out had way more unreleased stuff on it , like most of it . all of disc one and part of disc two on the other hand , ha been released commercially . disc four replicates the dvd , which again , ha been available a a high-quality audio bootleg since time immemorial . plus , all the live b-sides are from this show , so those song appear three time on the set - what ? anyway , you can buy the deluxe for $ 20 and the dvd for $ 16 or so . what do you miss out on ? not much . not much . seriously , why have not more people reviewed this thing to spread the truth ?
0	thought it would be a lighter selection of music , but way to somber for me .
1	you are the one is an award winning song and just to get that song is worth the price of the album .
0	i never purchased it , it piggy backed on another order and claim i wanted it . besides that it awful . whiny voice , cheesy boring and silly . sound like typical office people trying to get in touch with emotion and make amoving song lol .
1	thank you belinda for recording this song ! it is fun upbeat and showcase belindas vocal talent . just downloaded yesterday and have listened to the song about 20 time . make you feel good and it is so wonderful to have belinda put out another great pop hit ! a+
0	i am sorry but i did not like this cd . i wa so impressed the last couple of year watching these kid grow up and enjoyed their cover of my favorite classic rock band and some of their own creation like a piece of rock and roll and drama queen , ( very good song ) but this eternalize cd fell way short . musically these kid are very talented and great musician , however i thought the song writing wa bad , the lyric bad , and the vocal were bad - vocal were very monotone and lacking emotion and range and feeling . sarah need to take ownership of the vocal and put her own signature and personality into them - not just read them off the sheet of paper . she is young and i know with some good teaching and coaching she can develop this talent . remember her janis joplin cover turtle blue ? that is what i am talking about . she need to do more of that . this band ha much more talent than what wa displayed on this latest cd . somebody need to help them with their songwriting . it wa all over the place on this cd . i am hoping they can turn it around , but for now i am backing off for a while to see where they go from here . good luck you guy .
0	this is the lowest form of music . it is following a predictable and waning formula . i have listened to too much amazing pop music for the basic hook to grab me . i have listened to too much great trumpet music for the gimmick of the trumpet to entertain me .
0	got for a friend to hear kid sound creepy
0	lost is right , this disc being the covermount ( not for resale ) disc from classic rock magazine issue 103 , march 2007. it purport to be a collection of tune that have been lost in time , overlooked gem and curio that might be of interest to hard rock fan . ummm . well part of that plan ha been achieved . they are certainly curio . curio from the realm of apathy generation . because that is what you will probably feel when listening to these track . sure , tucky buzzard has/had some reason to exist and a few of these track might pique the interest of the occasional aficionado but much of it is so eclectic it is hard to see anybody listening to these number and thinking to themselves ` hey , i got ta get me some more tune by the aynsley dunbar retaliation . and i do not will not to dis this sampler even though that is what i am doing . it is just that people into these band probably have every darn thing they ever put to vinyl . and nothing here is likely to convert the not already converted , if you get my drift . anyway , i played this once and that wa a chore .
1	a very soulful john anderson song . fantastic download . cloud is so nice for all my music . thanks amazon for providing such a great service and great selection of music .
0	do not download just this song , you only get the tail end when they are singing the do do du dupe part .
0	i wish i could give this album le than a star . the charlatan of a husband begged for people to give good review on this garbage . snake oil salesman josh feuerstein is now pimping out his own wife in his never ending scheme to make money off of poor lost sheeple . josh will soon have his child do kid bop christian album for sure . if i were amazon or any other business i would block josh from all other future endeavor .
0	i love these song but the quality of the album wa awful . every song clip horribly , especially demon . please release a better version .
1	this product is simply a recorded countdown for each 20 second interval of exercise and 10 second of rest for a total of 8 cycle .
0	oh please . whomever keep saying pearl jam is better than nirvana need to let up . pearl jam is worse than nirvana , yet i despise both . they both sold out . vedder gladly obliged to be a medium puppet , and kurt knew what he wa getting into when he signed with a major . yet kurt still did not care to fufill what wa asked of him . he had always been lazy , and nevermind reflects that . it is pure pop-rock on par with bon jovi , and he refused to admit it . there is no punk sensibility to it at all .
0	the song is great , but the quality of the download from amazon is absolutely horrendous . i will never purchase music from amazon again . very disappointed .
0	horrible annoying sound . i disliked this tremendously . i kept hoping the sound would change but wa just the same 10 second sound over and over .
1	i absolutely love this album . i play it constantly . these song are just perfect .
0	t.c . elli had a brief part in prince graffiti bridge ( the album and the movie ) . his delivery wa excellent , so i wa truly looking forward to his solo debut . unfortunately true confession fell short of the mark . the first single miss thang wa good . good enough to prompt me to buy the album after getting the cassingle ( anyone else remember cassette single ? ) the rest of the album wa mediocre . t.c . elli had a fast-paced & flowing rapping style on graffiti bridge that wa - lamentably - replaced with a slow & choppy style on most of true confession . it is possible that they tried to emulate the success of tone locs wild thang , which explains the 2 song ; miss thang and cold thang . however , even with decent sample and beat , the rapping utlimately came across a amateurish . a good example is the track pussycat which sample george clinton atomic dog ( and list the godfather of funk a producer ) ; excellent beat and nice hook - but the delivery by t.c . wa anything but funky . the title track wa an extension of t.c.s rap on graffiti bridge and is probably the strongest track on the album . not enough to save the album however .
1	my dad really love these guy and he wa going crazy over this song so i decided to get it for him .
0	could not stomach much of this . slow , lifeless , abomination of the real symphony . depressing .
0	this band wa my religion and my law for year . that began to decline when i started feeling fleeced by the incessant release of live album and dvd a well a very disappointing album . i believed thunder in the sky could have been a turning point but then the battle hymn rehash happened . now this . eric adam doe not sing lyric , it sound like he is saying them . he is the only thing that delivered on every album and this is extremely disappointing from the best vocalist in metal . hamzigs drumming is fine . it is nice to hear him perform something other than bh song . i never thought i would say this but karl logan guitar work doe not bother me on this album . it is simple and get the job done no silly flashy playing like he usually doe . dare i say he may finally be playing with some sort of feeling ? one of the few strong point of this album . it pain me to say that since he wa a jerk when i met him . ok time to hurt someone feeling . demaios bass sound like a synthesizer or using a slide to play the note . it is pretty bad and annoying . every song it sound the same . i am dumbfounded over this awful sound and it demand an explanation . is this his attempt at dub step ? it certainly is not the true metal sound . the overall production reminds me of electronic dance music where they switch channel for an interesting speaker or headphone experience . one thing edm ha that this album doe not is heavy bass . seriously . if you are going to attempt doom metal ( black list ) . you need that deep bass . sorry . put away the picolo bass if you wanted to evolve . not so many song about viking ( which should be left to amon amarth ) and it kind of reminds me of sign of the hammer album lyric ( i can never forgive all men and small boy and if someone could explain bigfoot bigfoot caught in a well . please ) . soth is an awesome album and this is not . at time they remind me of dr. sue rhyme ( which of course is what rap music is like ) . the only standard manowar formula thing this album is missing is a song about a harley . maybe he lost that word among the refrigerator magnet used to construct the lyric of this album ? let u take a look at each song : the lord of steel : start off like a dr. sue rhyme but ha musical moment . lazy lyric writing . poor opening song to an album . manowarriors : again ha musical moment but we heard these lyric before . another disappointment . i expected a good anthem like warrior of the world . nope . born in a grave : finally some lyric and music that are different , not a bad song but the mixing is ridiculous and ruin it . at this point i ask , why is not eric singing ? righteous glory : first mention of odin on the album . it would have been nice to use erics vocal better on this one . he can sing so let him . i wonder if he wa sick the day they recorded this album ? touch the sky : the bass is ridiculous on this song . it is like an incessant hum of tone and that is a shame because this is one of the better song on the album . like i mentioned , demaios bass playing demand an explanation . black list : attempt at doom metal that fall flat . humming bass that sound like edm . drumming could have been heavier a well . lyric are not good and vocal sound pro-tooled . this song could have been very good . expendable : a pathetic , sad attempt at trying to get a song on a soundtrack to a movie that will make a lot of money . this is the type of song that requires a 80 movie fight training montage to support the ridiculous lyric that eric simply recites . an incredible loss of power in his voice . did something happen to his voice that i do not know about ? el gringo : this is a silly song that sound like a taco bell commercial . head for the border . annihilation : dr. sue rhyme . 1980s atari activision video game sounding bass . pro-tooled vocal . disgraceful . hail kill and die : now that they have hailed and killed for year it is time to die . duly noted . channel switching guitar riff is so incredibly cheesy but what is worse is that this is another effort where they take their own song and album title and arrange them in a paragraph . the chorus sound like frat boy attempting to be tough guy at a metal show where they are clearly out of place . really douche chill inducing . the kingdom of steel : a boring lullaby that sound like something kamelot could cover and would do a much better job . even if i wasnt a former fan this is a crap metal album in general . i hate i did not download it for free before purchasing it . this is more of a novelty act like steel panther and there are better band in the true metal genre . i am sure their european live show are amazing but demaio really need to take a step back with the studio album . anytime a band creates it is own studio the music suffers . much like metallica ha sucked since cliff burton died , this band is not the same since ross the bos . i have a feeling he kept demaios ego in line until he could not take it anymore . technology ha ruined this band . they used to be proud of plugging in and just playing . that formula still work and i wish demaio would remember those time . i really want to love this band again . he need put aside the ftw i will do what i want attitude or getting so butt hurt he threatens to blow everyone onstage with loudness or doing some hailing and killing , blah blah blah . but you can not argue with crazy . some people believe the earth is flat and they will never be convinced . maybe in 20 year he will remake this album too ?
0	a few day ago i bought the sister album festival , and loved every single song . based on that , i sampled all the song on this album to see if i should download it . after hearing these song , i definitely will not be purchasing this album . the girl are definitely beautiful , all right . it is easy to see why they are so well-loved because of it . but on this album , their voice have not matured enough to enjoy listening to , no matter how pretty they are . skip this album and move onto their later work , where they do not sing with little girl voice and their song selection is a little more mature .
0	zorro is ok - the rest is quirky but poor .
0	why is amazon selling nazi propaganda ?
1	wonderful cd ! one of brandis best . highlight are the eye and wherever is your heart
1	few band have given me more pleasure over the past 30 year than dokken . even without george , without jeff , and a weakened ( and at time embarrassing ) don , this band is still one-of-a-kind . no matter the lineup , dokken is still capable of delivering a little magic on every release . jon levin is incredible . never thought i would say this but i almost do not miss george . the ultimate complement a dokken fan can pay . levin is that good . the first and last 3 song on broken bone are up to the dokkens best standard and the 5 tune in the middle are all still totally enjoyable . don vox are not a strained a on lightning strike again - he seems to have found a register where he can still sound smooth . ( of course , mark boals in the background doe not hurt but cheating is allowed at this age ) keep it going , don - we are still out there .
1	great song
1	love it !
1	excellent
1	you know , i am just not attuned enough to go through album by album listing the difference from original to remastered . but i will say , paying $ 60 ( or $ 70 or $ 80 ) for this seven-albulm set is tremendous . i am probably like a large contingent of springsteen fan ; i became aware during the born in the usa tour , then purchased all the previous cassette . so , in the last 28 year , cassette were lost and/or became obsolete . now i am able to purchase all seven for what amount to $ 8.50 each . that is a win right there . and like a number of people , i find the first seven springsteen to be the best , sans a couple of live album . so , win-squared . $ 60 to rediscover the bruce i first became acquainted with .
0	this is a pirated recording from a mono copy of the lp . it is complete with tic and pop . the sound is terrible with distortion in the fortissimo part of the recording . i thought i wa getting a good copy from the original master tape and wa very disgusted with the sound . my worn cassette copy wa much better . i would give it a zero for the rating if i could . the performance is wonderful and exciting , but badly mangled by the transfer . do not buy this under any circumstance . instead look for the original rca cd . this should have been properly labeled a aad mono .
1	my little boy will listen to this song over and over . great way for memorizing scripture .
0	it is a good song but nicky minaj is featured . i do not like the way she sings
1	beautiful , meaningful song ! god speaks through this song and encourages those who listen .
0	i have followed planetshakers for several year now and i own all of their album . i have never been a big fan of their songwriting . when compared to songwriter like daniel bashta , hillsong , brian johnson , david crowder , jeremy riddle and similar artist , p lyric always seem elementary . like very surface level . they just make word rhyme and repeat phrase rather than dig deep for word that convey real meaning . but what they lacked in songwriting , they always more than compensated for in musicianship . their song have been driven by ripping guitar and jammin drum . i have bought the album only for their edgy rock sound . with this new album , the blazing guitar and smooth drum fill are missing . they have gone to more of an electronic sound with a little lead guitar sprinkled in and boring 4-on-the-floor drum pattern . it sound more like what you would hear in a disco . very disappointing . i will not buy more p album if this is the direction they continue to take . for an example of the shallow lyric , here is the verse & chorus to the title track , limitless : i am saying goodbye to any limitation . i am saying hello to the god of all creation . there are no limit with you . there are no limit with you . you are limitless , nothing too hard for you . you are limitless , there is nothing you can not do . you are bigger , and you are greater and you are stronger i know . you are limitless , you are limitless . and that is it . sing the verse twice and the chorus 5 or 6 time .
0	awful . only disk 2 available .
0	i heard a lot about this chick patsy cline , like she wa supposedly a country singer with a beautiful voice . i wa curious so i checked her out , i had pretty high expectation because i doubt she could be better than taylor swift . i think that a 12 song compilation would be enough , and trust me . it wa enough . the sound quality on this album is horrible and the song sound really dated , patsy is also quite ugly and can not carry a tune . after you are done burning this album , also burn anything by alison krauss , emmylou harris , loretta lynn and old dolly parton . instead listen to real female country artist like shania twain , taylor swift , carie underwood , dixie chick , gretchen wilson , reba mcentire and sugarland .
1	i just watched the blu-ray of the movie woodstock - it ha the csn & y version at the end of the movie , but jm get a separate credit for writing the song .
0	i wa surprised to hear that this song wa released by another artist , but jmcs rendition is devoid of life and utterly forgettable when compared to christian kanes power ballad . i would highly recommend folk go over to christian page here on amazon and listen to his wonderful version of this song on his album house rule .
1	great to listen to . for my daughter and the lesson through life . also smash mouth get knocked down but i get back up again !
0	used a directed and noticed no change in behavor , my food shopping did not change , eating did not change . but will keep using to see if there will be any change .
0	lee morgan , quit mastbaum tech in philly and went on the road , and then rethought his decision and enrolled at julliard for a year . when he completed that year he went back on the road and this album is one of his first recording after his schooling . the brilliance of his tone is there , but his idea have not yet been fully developed . plus , cliff jordan playing , the senior side man on this cut leaf a lot to be desired for a youngster to look up to . altogether , a a maiden voyage , this is just a mediocre record . lee wa to make his mark later . one saving grace of the recording is the expressive expoodent , written by bassist eddie higgins . otherwise , there is little to recommend here . two star
0	i have been a dylan fan from way back . and , i am also a big sinatra fan . i write this review from that perspective . what ha happened to american culture , that a piece of unmitigated garbage like this cd is getting such praise from reviewer ? are we in such a time that the katy perry and justin biebers are our standard for excellence ? anyone who praise this cd necessarily ha an insufficient knowledge of sinatra , and how he did these song . and i am tired of performer who have no voice at all , getting by , because they are supposedly emoting . frankly , this cd is strictly emperor new clothes . to put it bluntly , it is awful , no matter what critic , with clearly a le than familiar knowledge of sinatra , are saying . and no , dylan doe not make these song his own . such rationalization for lousy singing ! . dylan ha taken some of sinatra best - i am a fool to want you , where are you ? why try to change me now ? and trivialized them . not recommended for dylan fan , and certainly not recommended for sinatra fan !
0	could not download it .
0	this wa a free download for amazon cloud . the voice were not very good . i could see the supposedly funny side but wa not impressed ! i got le than what free should be !
1	possibly the best soundtrack ever to this genre and kind of movie . this soundtrack is a perfect example of how important music is to the overall feeling of a movie . nothing fancy . just simple organic fiddle and guitar along with tim mcintires great voice fit perfectly with the time period . a perfect example of how le can be far more effective .
0	just ok
0	wa not aware that they were not the original track
1	midwest rock band pay homage to long tradition of not-quite-live live album . high energy song punctuated by strong harmony . fun record if you like old school rock and are looking for something new .
0	only 3 good song .
1	manakin moon is a great song from the mostly-overlooked band waxing poetics , who were a regional favorite in the norfolk , virginia , area . it is a mellow and evocative song about a state of mind . highly recommended . wannabe singer , just try to learn the lyric on this one !
0	i just finished downloading ( from the cloud ) and there is a problem . four of the track will not play on window medium player or on winamp ( on a window xp system ) . the bad track are : ( disc 1 ) track 04 ( disc 1 ) track 08 ( disc 2 ) track 10 ( disc 2 ) track 13 if i try to open them in window medium player , nothing happens ; the name doe not even appear in the playlist . if i try to open them in winamp , then ( disc 1 ) track 01 ( canon ) play instead ! i believe that the problem is caused by the file name/path being too long . window will not even let you rename them in the normal way . update : i have found a workaround to the file problem , which is listed at the end of this review . * also : several of the track are not relaxing , imho . for example , disc 1 track 9 ( violin sonata ) ha several passage that become quite loud and full of angst . not relaxing to me . disc 2 track 4 ( ballade no . 1 ) ha several section that are quite loud and heavy-handed , and a section near the end that is quite agitated . disc 2 track 10 ( sonata for two piano ) begin quietly , but ha several passage that become quite loud and aggressive . disc 2 track 16 ( minuet in g ) ha a few section that are downright bombastic , with the piano hammering out the bass line in octave while the orchestra play fortissimo . indeed , classical music is not necessarily intended to be soporific . but the selection on this pair of mp3 disc seems to be quite erratic . to point out just one glaring example : where is brahms lullabye ? buy this a a general sampler , if you like . but do not expect to be relaxed and lulled to sleep when it is finished . * file repair solution a i suspected , the problem is the excessive length of the file name and path ( the entire route that the computer take to get to the file ) . window allows a maximum of 255 character for the path + name . by default , when you download these , amazon will put them in this path : c : \documents and settings\all users\documents\amazon\various artists\a collection of the most relaxing classical music in the universe\ that is 135 character right there , which leaf 120 character for the track name . now let u consider the name of one of the non-functional file : ( disc 2 ) 10 - sonata for two piano in f minor , op . 34b_ ii . andante , _un poco adagio_ - sonata for two piano in f minor , op . 34b_ ii . andante , _un poco adagio_.mp3 that is 165 character . so the total is 135 + 165 = 300 character , well over the 255-character limit . window just can not handle that ! a a workaround , after you have downloaded all the file , navigate to the folder a listed above . temporarily rename the folder something very short , like xyz ( without the quotation mark ) . that is 65 character shorter than the original file name . now the total are under 255 character , so window will let you rename the individual file . go through and chop out all the duplicate information . in the example given above , you will cut out 72 character , leaving a total of 93 character . do this for all the track . finally , if you want , you can go back and rename the folder to something reasonable , like relaxing classical music which will give you a total length of 94 character . if you add the new file name ( from the example above ) which is 93 character , you will see that you end up with a total of 187 character , well under the 255 character limit . of course one wonder : why did not amazon think about this , and use a reasonable album name , and file name without duplication , in the first place . my conclusion : given that at least four of the track are not relaxing , and you will have to spend at least 15 minute screwing around to fix the file naming error , imho this collection just is not worth the trouble , even if it is free to begin with . of course if you are really hard up for music that is maybe relaxing . go for it . personally , i think amazon could and should do a better job . i know i would , if i worked for them .
0	this remake of dylan music is almost unrecognizable and disturbing to the ear . it wa sad . a i like ben sidrans style but this is a joke and i wa super sad i ordered it . mr sidran is from my home town and i wanted to support him , the local review were favorable . but it is awlful and i will put it in to my resale or charity box for the next drop off trip. < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/dylan-different/dp/b002upq1q0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > dylan different < /a >
1	great
0	henley is a lyrical and musical genius , but he dumbs it down to country on this release . i do not know if it is pandering or just plain laziness . at any rate it is a disappointment . the lyric are sophomoric and unrelated to the real world . musically it is either country waltz or three chord rockabilly . do not waste your money on this one .
1	great 80 song !
0	it hurt to listen to the lp version . this should be erased from existence . the real song is not available in the itunes store usa only the uk itunes store .
1	one of the best compilation ; a great way to meet and learn about yes . when most people think of rock music , the general conception is that of boisterous , noisy , unruly dope . then group like yes , pink floyd and the who demonstrate a mix of genuine talent and sophistication . these tune are not only enjoyable , they also nurture one synphonic appreciation . thus rock and roll grew up to become plain rock , which evolved to the level of classical masterpiece .
0	condition wa stated acceptable . hardly listenable .
0	not exactly what i wanted but it ok. wow they require twelve mote word before i can leave this review .
1	well , memory , ha a special place in the heart of my sweetheart , and betty buckley simply doe it best !
0	i listened to the sample of this recording and wa struck by how overwrought and melodramatic ms. crowe had made her interpretation . i personally can not see this a a song about histrionics but about reflection on love and loss . mr. cohen illustrates what it is to lose a love later in life after a long relationship , mr. buckleys interpretation is of a young man who ha lost the love of his life and will never love that way again . both of these recording are looking back from a place of acceptance and reflection . ms. voegele ha recorded a version which capture what it feel like to have just lost that love and the wound have not had time to scab over . like job she is not willing to accept that her suffering is just , nor is she willing to curse god and die .
0	sound quality very low ! but a great classic song !
0	frank sinatra would not attempt to do rock , rod should not attempt to do old standard . strictly commercial , no heart .
0	not what i expected and some song so sad i cried .
1	strangely oriental but totally captivating with those five note in the opening . absolutely love this one . keep it up tom rhett !
1	leann rime is one of my favorite artist to begin with . no dislike , loved everything about this song . recommended to anyone who need rapture .
0	i buy this calendar hoping that it would have several different picture of the eight doctor . they should have name it dr. who and daleks calendar . almost all the picture are from the peter crushing movie or comic book-like picture . there is only one of tom baker and one of john petwee . this calendar should be only for major dr. who and dalek fan .
1	it is one of my favorite son from the 80
0	it s scratched and my fault that i am too late to return it , the cut off date wa oct. 18. we were gone for 3 week and 2 that were in a row . if i can still return it , please let me know , a i would certainly change my review . josh groban is wonderful .
0	i bought this version before i saw that the u.s. navy band had also recorded the irish national anthem . the navy band version , in my opinion , is much better . more upbeat .
0	no plot synopsis or any information about the production included .
0	unfortunately i have to say that i hate this cd . she promised a come back to her earlier work , but she just mixed everything that it sound like a soundtrack for a low budget movie . i love the thalia that gave u amarillo azul , en la intimidad , love , saliva , sudor , sangre ; too bad she had to meet emilio estefan and then everything changed , she left her record label , sign up with emi and they changed her style to latina bombshell . every single efort from emi is wierd , i hate the fact that is always the same latinada sound , like en tu y yo , en la fiesta mando yo , la loca ( what a waste of song , for cry out loud ! ) . the only one that is good ( and the only reason i gave her 1 star is no me enseaste , that reminds of the cd mundo de cristal , but the rest if bad , really bad . besides , the fact that she hired estefano to work with her , i wa expecting a very new sound , very cool , taking in consideration that he made paulina rubio shine again with her 5 star paulina , but no , i guess the chemistry between thalia and estefano wa just not there . and also , i agree with the one who said that she need to wait to speak english fluently to do the crossover , that will save her some embarrasment .
1	this is an absolutely wonderful cd for all ages- listening to it gave me a sense of being lighter a those stress , that you might not realize your carrying throughout the day , just fall away leaving you with a sense of peace and serenity .
1	this is without a doubt one of the classiest , most beautiful cd i have in my collection . buy it without hesitation . indescribably beautiful , intelligent , warm and well produced .
0	pretty lame .
1	jessye norman ha a voice that is rich a the most elegant satin . i have purchased quite a few of her piece , why ? because thanks to amazon music , i can pick and choose and download the one i want . i have now loaded many of her spiritual , both solo and with kathleen battle , onto both the computer and my mp3 player , to enjoy whenever i choose . her singing is grand , the selecton is wonderful , and the price is right .
1	mint condition is an excellent group . they sing song that touch your heart and that you can let your parent or others listen to . the music is wholesome and meaningful .
0	i wa eagerly looking forward to this cd after watching hollie on britain got talent on youtube . when i first played it i thought something had gone wrong with my sound system . after trying it a few more time i realized it wa actually the production . hollie ha an incredibly beautiful voice , but that wasnt allowed to come through . the second song , edelweiss sounded more like a piano concert with someone singing along in the background . the piano virtually drowned out her voice . this wa also the case in other song but edelweiss is the worst example . whoever mixed the recording did a great disservice to hollie and her fan . i hope she come out with another cd in the future recorded with different people or a different company .
0	mac milliers getting lazy with his writing . hip hop is more then just refurring to every woman a a b * or a ho and making million and that is all this guy think it is about . it get redundant real fast .
0	thie album is pretty good , redneck crazy is by far the best song . i would not buy music from amazon again . have to use their player to down load and it is crap . have to pa 25 a year to add your track to it if you have over 250
1	i bought this a i had never heard of it and being an avid theatre buff thought it would be worth a listen . i wa pleasantly surprised . from the first listen i felt i could follow the story before reading the synopsis and i wa humming some of the tune . i could not wait to play it again .
1	granddaughter love t
1	traditional country !
1	the song is one of roberta flack most memorable song dating back to the seventy when she sang at mr. henry in dc .
0	i wa really excited to get this cd a i already had had a copy but lost it a long time ago and wanted to replace it . it arrived soon enough , however when i listened to it hardly any of the song listed on the back are actually on the cd . this is really disappointing . i do not know if it is a manufacturing error but it really a shame that they did not check it . the song are not a good a the original list on the disc and it is also very poor quality to have one track list on the cd and another on the cd cover . now i will have to look for it next time i go to mexico and will not be ordering it again .
0	ok relaxation music - but it just doe not do it for me a a go to sleep cd climb into bed and nod off
1	a landmark album .
1	love it !
1	i have been looking for some inspiration today , and i found it online at amazon .
0	suck !
1	chris tomlin never disappoints , his worshipful heart is evident in this album . his music touch every generation , my grandchild , my child and i , all find something to like in burning light .
1	i bought this album on vinyl when it wa first released [ 1972 ] . do is malos second album and ha le vocal content than their brilliant first album titled malo [ which i also highly recommend ] , but once again malo prove what fine musician they are with the amazing sound of the spanish trumpet often in the lead and , a always with malo , there is an ensemble of latin percussion . each of the six long track provides intense listening , if you can manage to sit still that is , many of the rhythm and beat invite body movement . the opening track momotombo set the pace of the whole album with almost every instrument & certainly every band member giving it their all , followed by the lively oye mama , about a latin american a you can get . somewhere on a malo album there ha to be a love song & i am for real say it nicely , then the hauntingly beautiful flute piece midnight thought give u a special treat . the tribal sounding chant hela take u back to the primitive , before the final nine & a half minute crescendo latin bugaloo sum up all this band are about . if you are already into malo and you like to collect original album you will not go wrong adding this one to your cd library . the musicianship is remarkable . i can not praise it enough .
1	one of his best and one of the best holy night version ever done !
1	i absolutely love this singer artist . she ha quite a voice and she delivers in every song she sings . enjoy !
1	great
1	i just finished watching philadelphia . the movie-one of the most moving ( and sad ) movie i have ever seen . not a dry eye in the house with this one ! the song ( neil young ) - perhaps one of the most beautiful and pensive love song i have ever heard . i want to own that song ( not necessarily the entire soundtrack ) .
0	it sound like she wa making it up a she went along .
0	ha that garage/grunge band sound . just one of 5000 plus holiday mp3s i have collected , and forgettable . nice cover though .
1	this is awesome ! i pop this cd in around thanksgiving and it basically play until january ! josh did an outstanding job . i love his version of the classic christmas song , especially little drummer boy . every track is great , in my opinion , however i am not to keen on the first noel . mainly because i am not a fan of faith hill voice and i am not convinced that their voice harmonize well together . again , that is just my opinion . i would recommend this cd to anyone and everyone . i love it so much and i hope many others will also !
0	this probably is not the recording of this much praised song that you want - go to the album i want to see the bright light tonight and try the song there first . i think i mis-bought this version first and could not understand why it wa so often mentioned a among richard and lindas best . just saying .
1	this song is a true testimony for me , with god i do have the victory
1	i purchased this cd for my wife during christmas . she love jackie evancho and since she ha been playing it , i have also become a fan . miss evancho pose an incredible voice .
0	not at all what i expected . kind of insipid .
0	i bought this song on itunes trying to respecect the copyright law however the import processing is confusing and i still have no idea how to put this on my computer . i thiink the system should be more user friendly because if i can not figure it out normal folk that use this service everyday ( like my parent ) who are le computer savy also will not be ablle to figure out how to import this music to their computer .
0	this soundtrack left off the only song i enjoyed from the movie . i guess i should have read the song list
0	this album is horrible . the rest of van halen are doing a terrific job , but david lee roth should be put out to pasture . i can not believe they would put their name on such a crappy performance . problem : 1. david lee roth think he is david lee roth circa 1978. a such , he feel free to take liberty and sing the song incorrectly . 2. he only sings half of the lyric , the rest are spoken . 3. he add all kind of lame embellishment to the lyric . 4. he change up the tempo of the lyric by coming in late and finishing quickly ( i.e . not singing ) . 5. he say a lot of stupid stuff to the audience during the song that are just awkward . 6. he us completely different lyric when a song break down quiet- think hot for teacher , panama , mean streats , etc . 7. while they made him sound good in the studio , david voice live is not good at all , he can barely sing . 8. if you saw them perform panama on jimmy kimmel right before this album wa released , you will know what i am talking about . that wa the most horrible rendition of panama that i have ever heard . 9. he flubbs the lyric on beautiful girl and even say right before the next verse : i will sing it for you right this time . in other word , dave ruined almost every song except for woman in love and i will wait which are the main reason i bought the album . horrible , horrible , and horrible . what they should do is ditch dave and go on tour with the lead singer of atomic punks- at least he doe a perfect rendition of david lee roth in his prime . do not buy this album unless you love disappointment .
1	for most of u who are familiar with bob baldwin body of work , the latest release - all in a day work , is simply brilliant . the opening song - a new york minute is mesmerizing and the title track is classic baldwin . if you have bobbaldwin.com , try playing funkin for jamaica and then can you feel it , from the latest release . both are vocalized by tonni smith . for anyone in doubt , please - you are invited to go back and give brazil chill another listen . you will be glad you did , that is all i have to say . brazil chill is just a brilliant a the others . i am building up my collection of baldwin cd until have a many a i can get . if you have never seen bob baldwin perform - this is the icing on the cake . i can attest to that ! he is a true professional , a skilled artist and band leader and fantastic performer !
1	ramsey lewis ha been a favorite of mine for a long time . if you like jazz buy this track and sit back and enjoy
1	love ryan adam . and now i love taylor swift . i bought both cd !
1	love this and keep it on my kindle and play over and over again . have this on a cd also in my car . quite beautiful !
1	great mix !
1	great album ! no track on it that i dislike ; every one is worth listening to . the lyric are interesting , the musical style is varied and frankly just sound cool , and it is a nicely long album which i always appreciate . worth every penny .
1	we listen to many cd for 1-3 year old . this is the favorite she always request . in fact , this is our second copy . we try others and she dance and sings to them but request her old favorite when painting or dancing .
1	how can you go wrong with music by earth wind & fire . this phenomenal band ha a unique sound that make everyone - young and old - get up a move .
1	great
1	great
1	i like music and i find certain song that are inspiring and energizing . i have picked certain song from different album that i use to worship the lord and uplift me through the day
0	if you are looking for something to help you sleep , this is not it . the 30 second preview here sound peaceful ( and almost hypnotic to me ) but the full version ha some strange element . a the other reviewer said , it doe have a lot of static . it sound like . popping noise , or something to that effect . very strange .
0	very disappointed by this cd which i will probably listen to only once . ellings interpretation of most of these terrific song just grate , and his voice is nothing special . his butchering of on broadway is particularly heinous . i would have given the cd one star except for the really lovely version of paul simon american tune . a waste of money .
1	this song ha just enough of a mix of pop and funk to sound very enjoyable for everyone who hears it . it is just simple and fun to listen to !
0	i am very disappointed ! the wording on the description claim various artist leading the purchaser to believe that this is a compilation of original 80 artist . it is not ! it is a mix sung by a wedding singer/cruise line type of band . is it even legal for a cd to be published with remake of original artist song without the permission of the original artist ? hopefully this band paid for the right to use these artist song . very misleading and disappointing !
1	what can i say , great song from my teenage year . now i have my teenager liking it . lol
0	love the cd but no booklet .
1	hear it for yourself !
1	both song featured on this one were very good . the instrumental version were nice addition a well . the last track is a talk segment , which is why this is 4 star .
1	if you are an adopted child who feel that empty space in your heart or someone who want to understand then listen to this song .
1	i just love it . the music is will done .
0	wow . i am really disappointed in this . i guess i am just not hearing what others are that seem to enjoy this , but the band sound muddled and uninspired . i get the impression they are going through the motion ( which they are ) and could really care le anymore what they put out . roth sound soooooo bad , it is really embarrassing . and i am still not excited about the set list . it is not that it a bad set list , but they have become a tribute band to themselves considering they choose to ignore 4 album worth of material a if it never happened and virtually ignore the new material from the very album they are supposed to be promoting . so disappointing . back in the day , vh would play 80-90 % of a new album . they were proud of what they did and dying to show it off . there are song on adkot that are just begging to be played live , but i am guessing well never hear em . shame to put this out and not have cut like big river , you and your blue or beat workn on here ( a terribly retreaded and unoriginal a adkot wa , i still enjoyed the release quiet a bit . i play it often and it ha some great song to workout to . to bad most of them will never see the light of day light . what a shame . i will pas . i own about every vh cd that is been released ( had iii , but got rid of it ) . but i will pas on this one . i will still listen to the studio cut ( heck , daves last solo wa pretty good ) , but i will pas on the live money grab thank you very much .
1	wonderful contemporary arrangement by gary bonner of these wonderful old standby hymn !
0	i got it for free . at 1st i did not really like it . i like black veil bride and the fray . it is just not my kind of music . now i like this song though . i had to hear it a couple of time before it hit home .
1	this review is for the vinyl lp version . definitely not disappointed with this pressing , first off it is heavy , it feel even heavier than 180 gram . the mastering also seems pretty good , drum are tight and high are bright , the saxophone especially shine . the stereophonics are just a good and the sound stage feel quite broad even with my closed back headphone . my favorite part about this gatefold is that while all the song could have likely been compressed onto one lp , they were not . this leaf a good third or so empty space on each side , which really minimizes inner-groove distortion . on my setup the last song louder than word ( the only with vocal ) there did seem to be a bit of sibilance but that fault may lie with my cartridge alignment . a far a the actual music , i have only listened through it once so far , spoiler alert : the first vocal are a stephen hawking solo on the track talkin hawkin about 2/3rds of the way through . the energy throughout is very calm and soothing , there are no power rift like are present in momentary lapse , this is more like obscured by cloud . there is really nothing on this album that would be suited towards being played on the radio , and that is because it is one of those album that is obviously meant to be listened to a a whole , it is really hard to tell where one song end and the next begin through almost the whole album . overall it is nothing spectacular , but it is a well put together album and very easy on the ear , a great choice if you are looking to wind down after a long day . a must have for any big floyd fan or collector . i feel i will appreciate it even more after additional listening .
1	omg i have two copy of this album . too bad it still not on cd but it my 3rd favorite cher album . star being my favorite . get your copy before it too late and it truly is more rare then it already is now . my favorite song are long distance love affair , ( the only single ) i would rather believe in you , and it is a cryin shame ! i believe this album is highly underrated and deserves more credit !
1	product delivered a described . ship time wa expected .
1	i like this song , i love that usher gave a sweet undertone to a dance type song . i like just about everything from guetta .
0	it is either badly done or just a really bad idea . elvis voice sound rough . i do not recall thinking that when i heard his original recording . it make his pairing with the orchestra a bad match . it take away from his greatness rather than enhancing it . i will not be buying any more of the song from this album . i have been an elvis fan since the first time i heard do not be cruel and hound dog played on my radio over 50 year ago . re-release more mix of his original if you must , priscilla , but please do not do anything like this if i can dream album again and no duet either . it is just disrespectful of his memory .
1	i hated their voice at first , and i hated the lyric . but i listened to the whole thing twice , and it actually is kinda catchy . but everyone is different . for example my sister leaf the room when this song come on so it really just depends on how the music ring inside your ear .
0	far too cloying . the original fleetwood mac version wa sweet without being cloying and is far , far superior . unfortunately , that version is not available a a legal mp3 download . i am left with the option of buying the cd of bare tree for this song .
0	i never ordered this !
1	fan !
1	i love don meons music , but there are a few song that will not play . my favorite are i will say yes and the greatness of you
1	yes ! yes ! yes !
0	on the whole , the album is definitely not in the same league a a good pat boone album . however , i have found , when played at medium level , it doe provide measurable relief for hemmoroid suffering .
0	her voice is not the problem but the arrangement is boring with harsh repetive line . i would like to hear her sing this song with the help of a different backup band , arranger and composer .
0	offensive and should not be a part of the free christmas line up . what were you thinking amazon ?
0	what i simply and always say , is that when a artist ha to come out with a song , they do not actually deliver when it ha came down to song choice . for fantasia to try to make that attempt with going to a modern r & b voice and sound in her music , it actually ha not actually drove the point home . her song without me , with kelly roland and missy elliot , the second single from her album side effect of you is honestly one of the worst choice she ha made into song . i really found it to be much weaker in the song from fantasia , while it is more of a song that would fit into kelly rowlands sound , or something that ciara would make . i definitely wa not that impressed with the song , and it definitely is fantasia low point . song : d+
1	i love this tune , it my fav dance tune off all time , this tune should always be remebered and should be loved forever
0	ordered the wrong one but i listened it it too late to return for an exchange
0	whoever told this person that she could sing is a cruel heartless individual . not only is she tone deaf not talented and annoying , she actually sound like she is trying . id hate to hear what she sound like on an off day . i think this music wa meant for prisoner of war that are meant to go through psychological torture . please , do yourself a favor do not listen to this album or anything else by this artist . i guarantee that you will lose some respect for where music is heading in our time if you do . i am forced to give this only one star and that in my opinion is very generous a i do not even think it is worthy of review . i only do this to warn my fellow music lover .
1	old school excellence
1	i really like to listen to something other than the same tune over and over again everywhere you go . this is upbeat and it brings a wonderful feeling and an upbeat tune . i enjoy listening to this over and over again . i would love to find more of these kind of new tune . new to me anyway .
1	i love this song , waiting for more from oaktowns 3-5-7. this song pump me up everttime . let do it my friend
0	i agree with the previous post . these three mix should have been available on the cd version . the offer nissim remix is by far the best one available from all the version out there . it is a proper extended dance mix much in the vein of it is a sin or can you forgive her - the glory day when all mix appeared either in vinyl or then cd /cassette form . a cloud in a box is a good b-side track with a techno dub feel a la 80 flavour . say it to me stuart price version is nearly identical to the album version but ha been slowed down so it feel like an acoustic version even though all the instrumentation is there . it is the second-best version of all the remixes .
0	would not let me play the song exception # 184 .
1	found it very easy to purchase directly from my kindle , love it . look forward to purchasing more song in the future
1	i love this album . god bless you , derek horton , wherever you are .
1	nice album , easy to listen to , and obviously a hit for ms. morissette . would not doubt that because of the sound , lyric and time this album wa released , itll easily be noted a a
0	a heaping pile of dung . i believe in his quest to become more like his alternative comedy , he ha evolved into the alternative to comedy . tradgedy .
0	some is a bit catchy , but mostly i laugh questioning why i continue listening instead of skipping to the next song on random shuffle . sound like someone who ha spent a bit too much time in club and ha made some friend with good enough equipment to make a cd with her . lyric provided by many a drug induced night that catalyzes the creative and philosophical side to come out . high quality for an amateur project but difficult to listen to .
0	i found it poorly performed and since the nutcracker is one of my favorite , i wa disappointed . do not download .
1	love his music
0	i have a vynil copy of that album , and will not buy the cd , cause there are much better option to waste money ! zipper is a strange album of an artist that wa a great star during the early-mid 70 , but during the disco and the new wave , turned to be irrelevant . his worst album lace and whiskey and zipper are strange experience to make a come-back , but he had to wait few more year . zipper reminds u sometimes the classic alice of love it to death , school out etc. , but it is far from being on the same level .
0	will not play on my android . ripoff ? !
0	this album make me sick . it is generic and boring . same stupid drum beat in 90 % of the song . what happened ? way to go guy , you sound like s * . i am clearly upset . i could cry . mumford and son are dead . they should have changed their band name with this album . disgusted . this is sissy music horse s * .
0	awful . doe not sound right at all . i would love my.money back if i could figure out how
0	i think this is her worst song ever . blah ! she is so talented , i can not fathom why she would write such an incipid song a this .
1	good price
0	made in aut in 1996 , serial # 33215-2 , playing time 51:45 this is album # 9 from canada self-proclaimed metal queen , and represents a drastic departure in style and sound texture from her previous album . emotional rain , her previous album , displayed more subdued rock and better polished melody than it predecessor , but this present album switch gear into what i call the nowhere rock genre . i like la singing , and la & 2p demonstrates her talent . but everything around that is a great disappointment . from the opening note of the first track , in which the vocal seemed to have been recorded in a large underground garage ( maybe it wa ) , i wa afraid this album would be a musical catastrophe : the instrumentation is basic , poorly recorded , but mostly pointless : it is music without melody or purpose , and even though some of the arrangement are at time ( but rarely ) adequate , you will not be captivated by any of it . this album wa a 1-off : her latest , slick chick , is a tribute to swing : talk about lack of constant direction ! perhaps this will be enjoyable to people ignorant of lee previous album , since they will have nothing to compare it with . but if you are somewhat familiar with album like powerline , bodyrock or metal queen , be careful this time : try to borrow a copy from someone else first , or listen to some song sample : this is no traditional lee aaron .
1	a great classic from curtis mayfield . grew up listening to his musical creation and have always been in awe . fantastic
1	great shipping time ! product a described .
1	great album with a list of quality song .
1	uplifting song .
0	unsuccessful purchase .
1	this is my favorite version of nessun dorma bar none and i include in this , pavrotti , domingo , etc . although they are supposedly more tecnically correct , i am so taken by the emotion in boccellis voice that there is no comparison for me .
0	the song are great , but the audio quality is so bad that i want my money back . it it a static-filled , compressed mess and it is pretty hard to listen to . whomever mixed this should be ashamed of themselves for ruining such a potentially good album . waiting for the remaster .
0	this is the worst sleep music i have purchased from amazon . it is just the same 5 minute of music , cycled a dozen time . and the music is too intense for a sleep aid .
0	i hate you i hate you i hate you . i had a credit and i tried to use it for two song . they got sent to 2 different folder . now it say the download took too long . and i lost my $ and the song . you stink , amazon . make it easier to spend my own damn money . thanks .
0	although a nice album musically , these mp3 track i downloaded were of poor quality , probably recorded from an old vinyl record . all track had click and pop , while some had actual hiss and skip ! i know there are better quality album out there because i have one of them .
0	the worst album i ever purchased wa nevermind . i had expected it to be excellent since nirvana fan recommended it so highly . but i am sorry to say that the cadaverous threesome have let me down . it is hard to listen to more than 3 song at one go ! i found the album to be monotonous & boring . the song are very bad and the vocal are awful .
1	this album ha me rocking out to favorite track like carry me back and levi while also cooling down with bob dylan-esque track including aint it enough and the way of man . overall all the banjo and fiddle romp leave me yearning for a blue grass festival .
1	great song !
0	i wish i could give this 5 star because i really do love the performance on this album . however , the audio quality is seriously lacking on this album . it is a if somebody in the audience recorded it with their iphone . it sound really thin . that and the lack of a cd release and being stuck with a crappy mp3 format , i really can not give it more than 2 star . this performance deserves a better treatment and a proper release .
0	i do not have this song on my music and i did not order this song must take charge off. ? and hate to write such lengthy review
0	the live version is not the version i wanted . do not care for all that talking during the song . i deleted it .
1	1968 wa a year filled with social unrest , and the music in this hour-long cd reflects that . from the blaring guitar and driving beat of the opening selection , born to be wild by steppenwolf , to the angry soulful cloud nine by the temptation , on through the mournful abraham , martin , and john by dion , this cd will place you in the midst of vietnam protest , and dismay over the death of bobby kennedy and martin luther king jr. but even in the uneasy social climate of 1968 , respite wa found in music . there is the sunny feathery beautiful morning by the rascal , the bubble gum hit valerie by the monkees , and the gorgeous slow-dance soul ballad lalah mean i love you by the delfonics . this cd focus on the hit , so if you are looking to delve deeper into the music of 1968 , look elsewhere . but it is an essential cd for anyone who wish to build a thorough music collection from the 1960s .
1	one of the realest rapper in the game right now . j.cole ha never disappointed and this album is no exception . 2014 forest hill dive is his best album to date and best album of 2014 for sure !
1	powerful . very upbeat song
1	very good song !
1	i have hundred of xmas , am a dylan fan & read all the review here & wanted to add i love this cd . i agree with all the detail in the 5 star review & will not repeat them , but what stand out is the sincerity & classic feel of the arrangement here . it is warm & glowing like a warm fireplace & dylan raspy voice add the spice & crackling of the log . for me , this cd feel like xmas a much a sinatra , manilow or bing . unlike other big name star who make the obvious xmas collection , dylan somehow wa able to create a standard that make me want to play it over & over . definitely a keeper , from left field to center stage .
0	this is him singing a a younger artist . still have not been able to find the version where he is older and obviously much more emotional about this song . still an awesome and tear jerking song though .
1	i always have . first heard it when it came out . this time i bought it s a gift for someone else .
0	i love terrance and his acting is superb . he just can not sing but he can really play the guitar . i paid 13.00 for the cd and there were only 2 song i played a little . i enjoyed the spanish type song . maybe if he wa able to sing more soulful . anyway do not pay the cd , but i love you terrance you are one of my fav actor .
1	it would be hard not to like this effort even if one were not a huge fan of jennis father geoff and an admired of her mother , maria . so . those question are answered . a for the cd and jenni on her own , this is a well thought out , highly listenable and original album . it ha been playing on my equipment for several year now , and wear well . enjoy .
0	ala this wa not the original recording . nostalgia aint what it used to be .
1	when you can listen to the whole album nonstop over and over , then you know you have got a good album . eisleys unique sound is so soothing , refreshing , and at the same time slightly rockin . i would say it sound like poppyish rock with a rhodes keyboard , with girl vocal and beautiful harmony that will definately send a chill down your spine . like stacys ahhs on marvelous thing and on plenty of paper . and in brightly wound where stacy and sherri sing two completly different verse and melody at the same time and in perfect harmony . every song ha it moment of pure joy and satisfaction . it just make you feel good . simply put , it just good listening . good music for the ear .
0	i own most lou reed album and all of his now-wife laurie anderson . both are outstanding artist and musician . i knew john zorn only by name before i bought this album . it seems this album series is a benefit for a new york club called the stone . lou reed play electric guitar , laurie anderson violin and john zorn saxophone . the producer obviously told everybody to improvise . if you have ever listened to lou reed metal machine music you know what to expect . the result is essentially white noise - unlistenable . definitely for completists only . and do not bother to pay the elevated price from dealer here . a short internet search will reveal that it is still available from the stone webshop . this limited edition will take some time to sell out .
0	the sound quality is poor . youtube ha a version by beecham and the royal philharmonic with much better quality .
1	this is my pick if you need a song to get you started on a long road trip to fight vampire , demon and werewolf .
1	an excellent song ( and prayer ) for every believer ! help me to keep my focus on my heavenly hope . i think most of u long for our heavenly home and to be with our loved one that have gone before u .
1	a advertised . very nice .
1	i love this song . the melody and musicianship are great . i listen to this song when i lift weight and in the morning a i am getting ready for work .
1	very sexy cool
0	this is a bootleg release from dubious source . i have no idea why amazon even allows this to be listed , but do yourself a favor and save your money . there is no legitimate issue of this 2-fer . if you see this release , it is a bootleg .
1	found this song looking for the perfect backdrop music for my mexican vacation folder on my personal website . it fit the bill perfectly a it is an excellent instrumental spanish guitar peace that doe not overwhelm the web browsing experience , but wa a delightful addition instead . i have since listened to some more from this artist , and liked most of them , but this particular song is my favorite .
1	i am not a parent ( but i play one on tv ? ; ) , but i used to be a nanny . my 2-3yr old twin obsessed over hi-5 , and i have to say , some of their tune were pretty darn catchy . i downloaded the song i personally enjoyed more ( you know , the one that got stuck in * my * head all day long , that i could sing along with the show a though i would written them myself ? hah ) to make a collection cd out of them , this being one of those song ; i admit , i really did not mind ( too much ) having to listen to them every.single.time we got in the car and went somewhere . if i am going to be forced to listen to something over and over on a daily basis , there are far worse thing it could be . if you have got young kid , give this song a whirl .
1	country continues to turn out song with lyric that other format just can not hope to approach . adkins baritone is a perfect fit for this amazing song , which is sung from the viewpoint of soldier who lost their life in various war . this is a poignant and important recording , and is heartily recommended for listener who still appreciate meaningful lyric .
1	one of the most overlooked album in it is respective genre in the last 10 year
1	such a great tune and could listen to it all day . blake clean version is just a good . make all redneck proud .
1	this second single from the new album rise ( releasing june 25 ) is more of a power ballad . john cooper strained voice show more here than on most of their rock song , but it is still a good song with a great message , of letting love cut through the noise of our culture . if you are familiar with skillet , think along the line of lucy ( although american noise is not a story song ) . if you are not familiar with the band , just think of a regular power ballad from a good 80 rock band .
1	love it .
0	boring
0	warped upon arrival and water mark all over . doe not play correctly and unable to return . do not recommend .
0	this album wa a huge letdown . it is way too melodic and popish / commercial light rock . being a huge fan of all that remains , owning all of their other album & having gone to their show , this album wa a major disappointment . melodic can be cool if it is still heavy like on their older album but this album wa not nearly heavy enough for me . i do not like the direction they have gone in . i liked the first single they released which prompted me to purchase this album but the rest of it wa dissatisfactory . i do not recommend this album to hardcore and metalcore fan .
0	music is terrible to boot .
0	not impressed the tune the beat and the voice not good for me do not know what could of been better
1	i absolutely love this song . back in the day when i wa a little girl , i would hear my grandparent playing the song because it would come on the radio which now make me feel old but i am only 38. i love older song and this is one of many that emmylou harris wrote that is still popular to this day .
0	never had
0	i bought this song , hoping that this version also included the verse a well a the refrain . sadly , it is only the refrain . my mom used to sing this song around the house , and i had searched for a long time for a recording ( with word ) . the listen ability on amazon only give a bit of the refrain , but i purchased it anyway with great hope . ok , it wa only 99 cent , so no harm done . but , it would have been nice to have heard the tune of the verse . i found the word in a museum in valdes , alaska a few year back ; found the verse again online at a lyric website , so i know a verse exists .
1	i have seen it written that great art divide , and that is certainly the case with the astonishing based on fan review all over the interwebs . for me , this is something decidedly different for the band , yet unmistakably dream theater . the shift in focus from shredding to melody , long drawn out piece with little direction to tight well thought out piece is very refreshing . while it certainly a 5 star effort from the band , for my taste it a little samey . and i completely get why , a this ha been billed all along a a rock opera . for me , this may be a top 5 effort from them . it grows on me with each listen . strong 4 star rating from me .
0	i downloaded this mp3 after hearing it in an at & t commercial . i like the song , but the mp3 sound absolutely awful . it is just way too compressed . so it is extremely loud with a very limited dynamic range . almost unlistenable . i honestly do not think you can blame a lot of this on the mp3 encoding . 256 k is a perfectly respectable bit rate , and i have plenty of mp3s that sound fine with lesser bit rate .
1	just like the movie .
0	the tape will not play . it drag . ive tried other tape in the same player and have no problem .
1	this album is a great example of the jazz and fusion stuff that wa going on in the 70 and 80 . while i think that maynard ferguson wa the epitome of this big band incarnation , woody brought a pretty decent band along a well , even though he wa entering the last decade of his life . amazing guy , amazing version of la fiesta . starting with that electric piano that wa everywhere at the time ( were they all rolands ? ) and ending with a little bit wheezy soprano solo from woody , there is a whole lot of stuff crammed in the middle : shrieking trumpet , a nifty tiberi solo , and awesome dynamic . a good a version a you will find anywhere .
1	thank you
1	exceptional drop of passion resonate with clarity , depth , and emotive crescendo throughout the masterpiece love song aint no mountain high enough ; sung with assured perfection by diana ross ; brilliantly written by nickolas ashford & valerie simpson . we soar through the cloud with this flawless rendition . we are lost in it lyrical poetry . we are captured by ross genteel and unique voicing , inflection , and intonation ; she set the stage for listener - in her directness & sincerity . like a soothing wind - le mesure de lamour - her voice capture u anew each time we listen to it . superior backup vocal and orchestration elevate it to it rightful status a a classic . whether we are asleep with this beautiful song secreting itself into our memory or relaxing in our romantic , nocturnal state - we can easily become enamoured in the meaning , enrichment , and theme so present in this joyous , uplifting recording . just send for me , oh baby . remember the day i set you free i told you you could always count on me from that day on , i made a vow , i will be there when you want me , some way , some how . cause baby there aint no mountain high enough , aint no valley low enough , aint no river wide enough to keep me from getting to you babe . my love is alive way down in my heart although we are mile apart if you ever need a helping hand , i will be there on the double a fast a i can . do not you know that there aint no mountain high enough , aint no valley low enough , aint no river wide enough to keep me from getting to you babe .
1	this cd is hilarious , i admit there are some song that are not really funny , but there always 1 or 2 bad song on an album ( in this one , the 1 bad track is it happened in sun valley that wa a really bad song ) . also if you are easily offended by swearing , raciest remark ( do not worry it always in the interest of humor and always is funny ) so if you are so devoted to you religion that you would defend it in any way then do not buy this . but if you like south park or are getting sick of the normal christmas song then buy this album
0	i cant believe she had the nerve to sing this song ! she doesnt have the style to do so ! i feel the same way about her other remake ! [ . ] ! thalia sure is very pretty but lack so much in talent. , not the best of voice and not the best dancer. , i went to dead or alives concert in san francisco nobody in this planet could sing you spin me round a pete burn doe !
0	this is not mine !
1	a great follow-up to her award winning duet with jason aldean and her tv show duet , kelly sings with famed country artist vince gill to create a truly lovely song . it is well sung and it keep running through my head . it is one of those hear it one time and know you will buy it song imho . enjoy !
0	it is rare to hear a cd that is so perfectly awful a this . this is the kind of cd you give to your girlfriend just before you break up with her . this is the cd you give to the neighbor who continually let his dog use your back yard a a toilet . molly jean wa 19 when this wa recorded . it wa produced by a member of the volebeats , which enticed me to buy it . it is rare to hear a singer so dreadfully off pitch , occasionally flat , frequently sharp but only about 5 % of the time doe she actually come close to hitting a note , even when she writes the song . this music is like the first american idol show of the season where simon laugh at how bad you are and find funny insult . oxycontin denim whore is one of molly original song . not only is she a very poor singer ; she also is not much of a songwriter . she doe a cover of a song called needle in a haystack that i believe wa done by a motown band called the velvelettes . it ha a nice bass line , which is the nicest thing i can find to say about this cd . if you had a cat with their tail in the vacuum cleaner , you might get an idea of the sound . this is an independent release . molly jean ha made her cd . for reason now clear to me , very few have bought it . this is one to avoid at all cost unless you are of a perverse musical nature that delight in the banal . i have not found a cd this dreadful since ramblin jack eliotts & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/the-long-ride/dp/b00000jzau/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > the long ride < /a > ; and this is actually worse than that . molly jean is pretty young girl . i am sure she will find something she can do well . taxi !
1	album of the year !
0	quality is ify .
0	the title of this cd is actually strumming to the wilburys . there wa a recent press release about cheap trick , sean lennon and others doing a wilburys tribute album . this is not it ! this is one guy and his guitar covering 11 wilburys song . the guy is uncredited . in fact , everybodys uncredited . there are no liner note , no credit for the guy singing or the guitarist ( which i am guessing are the same person ) . no songwriter credit . not even a record label name , just a list of the song ( and not in the order that they are on the cd ) . i am not sure how legit this package is . his voice and guitar playing are passable . he kind of sound like a higher-register steve earle . his interpretation seem to miss the point of the original . by slowing down cool dry place to a serious dirge , he obliterates the intended goofy fun . the same go for dirty world . the wilburys hallmark wa an easygoing humor . that is completely missing . he doe not miss altogether . handle with care make it a a slower-tempo ballad and he manages to keep the rockabilly flavor of rattled without benefit of drum or electric guitar . hey , if this guy were playing in a bar and tossed in a couple of wilbury tune , i would think he rocked , but a whole record of this one guy is murder , and his anonymity ( not even a wilbury codename ) , make it a bogus enterprise . i would label this ` for completists only , but i am a wilburys completist , and this is $ 11.99 i wish i could get back .
0	i wa very disappointed in the speed sleep product . it seemed to go on and on . the music wa very annoying . once you buy it you are stuck with it . it is nothing more than a relaxation session . just relax your body , think calm thought , and save your money .
0	almost no metal behind this cd .
0	where is the woodwind obbligato ? the break strain ? and what is with the stinger ? ! this is not the real go u !
1	it is prince ! plain and simply a legend ! # rip
1	this is a very nice rendition of this song . many different version of this song but so far this is probably my favorite version .
0	it sad to see him going down the same path a brad paisley and putting out this type of garbage . i can not not help but laugh at how bad this song is when i hear it . sound like something that an 18 year old should be singing not someone nearly 40. i try not to be that fan but his newer stuff doe not compare to his first 3 album .
0	the novelty wear off very quickly . a couple of listens and i wa done with it .
0	god imagine dragon are a one hit wonder that have not gone away .
0	i like to pick out 3 song on an album that i would play on my fantasy aor radio program . i can not find 1 here . just when i think i like what i am hearing they find a way to blow the deal . almost every song is overplayed . talented guitar but little feel for restraint and focus which sends most song off the road . recalculating ! weak lyric and vocal and unfocused arrangement dominate the cd . they can surely play but need some serious direction . will jennings greatest advice for peter wolf wa to keep it simple stupid . these guy could use his help , and get a singer . could end up being somebody .
1	very smooth ! keep the music going brother , do not sellout to the usher , rkelleys r & b of mainstream etc . stay pure .
1	this more acoustic sound really suit haynes , and is the best i have ever heard him do on his own . railroad earth ( 6 piece new-grass jamband ) provides great support giving all these song ( 8 out of 13 which are haynes original ) an instantly comfortable and enjoyable feel ( like fitting on that perfect boot that will give no blister and last for many mile of trail ) . i enjoyed the whole of disc1 even though haynes song writing itself is only so-so , and the more stripped down demo version on the shorter disc 2 are not bad , although none of them seem essential . in fact , i thought the final live track weak , and the earlier demo are pretty depressing sounding without the cover of more instrumentation . so perhaps a single disc edition would be fine for most fan . overall a great recording with plenty of tasty guitar playing ( especially slide ) from haynes , an apparently tireless artist with a vast and varied palette .
1	excellent single to celebrate the 51th anniversary of the artist that ha been in the top of the chart for the last 25 year . this single keep you moving unless you are dead and did not know it . lol excellent !
1	how could you go wrong with live zepp at any price !
1	alanis morissette ha a beautiful voice . i had to download it and listen to it often . i really love this song !
1	personally , i liked the original version of the song from the movie , but i love this version best !
0	first off , i would like to say that i commend jewel with trying something a little different and experimenting with a new sound . it must get quite boring with recording the same type of music all the time , i imagine it would have been pretty easy for her to record an album consiting of spirit type folky song . on the other hand , i do not really like this album . a few song i do like and i do enjoy listening to , but i do not get far in when i have to skip track . stand intuition and haunted are worth listening to , but the other song are sub standard . they consist of poor lyric , dodgy music and ridiculous spelling . this way is by far jewel best album , i thought it signified a new rockier edge to her music but she seems to have abandoned that route . i hope on the next album jewel is back playing instrument , writing thoughtful music and singing her heart out . this album would be a fantastic album for a young new teeny bopper to record and release but i expect something different from jewel , something which is actually credible . leave this to britney , mandy and jessica . oh and jewel , keep your clothes on . it not big , and it not clever ! you do not need to sell your body to sell record .
0	not what i expected
0	it is great to hear an artist expand their horizon . i just wish jewel would have went more to the woman horizon than the teenager horizon if you know what i mean . can not get in to this pop deluxe stuff . some of the rave review puzzle me . this cd almost embarrasses me to listen to it . not trying to say jewel should stay confined but , just because record sale are lagging a bit , doe that mean an artist ha to tap in to the pre-teen money machine for the sake of pleasing everything jewel seemed to want to tell u to rise above ? i believe some call that particular horizon selling out . did jewel sell out here ? i try not to think about how this album cast a shadow on all the anti-estblishment and human point of view jewel seemed to be telling u she felt in her heart . i know everyones got bill to pay , but some thing are more important than having mound and mound of money and making record just to sell and satisfy fat record company . we have one britney spear . we do not need anything resembling anther one . i hope jewel find a way to put a bit more spirit in her next album . i would hate to think jewel feel she need to serve her ego .
0	a musical artist mega immortal heavyweight can do anything they want . but i hate it when they try to join the bing crosby holiday hit parade . at least elvis wa able to produce some brilliance in this area , like blue christmas . this is tweedily dumb .
1	cute
1	great cd at bargain price .
0	destined to appear on worst ever list for decade . knock william shatner out of first place for most embarrassing vocal performance ever . dylan wa always a horrid singer , but we forgave him because he wa a brilliant poet . here he mutilates the exhausted warhorse we have all come to despise . you simply can not believe your ear .
1	wa a gift for a friend a and he love it
0	this is a waste of money . only one track and it is a crappy remix of a great song . i thought it wa the actual cd decade because from the mp3 version of the actual cd amazon directed me to this album . doe anyone know how to give le than one star ? james egbert should go to bed every night knowing that he is a douche just like i do for buying this cd .
0	this recent purchase wa resold for a couple dollar ! it is virtually all noise . the vocal by mick jagger are ragged and imo there is not a single good song among . the lot .
0	this album count only in too deep and fat lip a decent song . the rest is , well , all filler . and the record is only half an hour long , so there are only about another five complete song ( track one is a reminder of maiden ` s number of the beast and track three is 50 second long ) . it make you wonder if the guy that wrote the two hit single wrote the rest of the album a well . piece of advice , tape or download the single and spend your money on something else .
1	great song
0	this is the most overrated , overhyped , overpraised , annoying band in history ! the intense praise this band get is downright sickening . how can anybody honestly think that nirvana saved rock n roll ? if you ask me , nirvana , and any other grunge band for that matter , is about a far from being a rock and roll band a anybody can get . rock and roll is supposed to be fun , catchy , toe tapping fun . in the 70 and 80 , just about all rock music wa about entertainment ! it felt good to listen to ! life wa good ! but then in 1992 along came nirvana with their angst ridden suicide music , and rock wa never really the same again . everybody wa miserable . nobody had any fun any more . if a band showed even the slightest sign of having a good time , then that band wa cheesy and stuck in the 80 . stuck in the 80 ? well , if making music for entertainment purpose only , and not using it a an outlet to whine about your personal problem is an 80 thing to do , then the 80 is where i want to stay ! grunge make you feel like killing yourself . in the 90 i used to like grunge , and i went through a period of severe depression . but in 99 i took all my nirvana , pearl jam , soundgarden , and alice in chain cd and i burned them ! and then i spent the rest of the afternoon grooving to arena rock band ! and my depression instantly disappeared ! i wa finally happy for the first time in 3 year , and i owe it all to ditching my grunge cd . i do not recommend nirvana or any other grunge band to anybody . grunge is the most depressing music in the world , and basically just encourages you to hang yourself . it cause depression and suicide ! do not poison your mind with this morbid garbage ! stay away from grunge !
1	superb !
0	i am not a big a fan of king los a i am of los . when he wa doing mixtapes before becoming king , he wa the truth . this album is a let down .
0	i remember liking this song when it wa popular 5 yr ago . really stunned at what i heard when i listened to this song and her other work available online from that era ( and since ) . am i the only one that think she absolutely can not stay in tune ? she flat out every few bar , she sings at a register that is not flattering to her voice and frankly the quality of her voice is at best very average . overall kind of meh .
0	million of american listen to music on their ipod . try telling that to this record label , which willfully made this cd incompatible with itunes . i do not mind buying music digitally , but i also like to keep a physical copy of the cd for my collection . copy protection doe not give you this option . i am absolutely enraged and i feel like screaming . avoid !
0	sound wa terrible . could not here actor speak because music is too loud
1	help is another great album recorded by the beatles . few other artist had their rate of consistency . song like help , the night before , ticket to ride , and tell me what you see are true true rock song . act naturally is almost country . you have got to hide your love away , it is only love and i have just seen a face are very much like folk song . yesterday and i need you are classic ballad . no le essential than any of the other beatles album . buy it .
1	this song give me so much inspiration whenever i need it . yolanda adam is one of the most talented and blessed gospel artist today .
0	another overrated band to grace the late night tv airwave . they do not have much to back up their late night acclaim though . notable song are lacking , this album sound like a kid garage arrangement on some home computer .
0	junk . the cd came without a case and wa broken . who would buy a cd without a case . who would & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/embers/dp/b003ntk4e2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > ember < /a > & nbsp ; sell a cd without a case .
1	i am sure this is a common song for a funeral service which is what i bought it for , but alan jackson just doe an exceptional job with it .
1	i found this binaural suggestion online and have been able to get to sleep much more easilywith this in the background .
0	this song is a blatanly obvious janet jackson rhythmn nation era ripoff song . dated late eighty early ninety production ha not dated too well . this is from an era when the cassette single were the rage and civilles and cole were at da top of their game and peep wuz cuttin their hair in a high top fade like will smith and arsenio .
0	the instrumentation is amazing , the vocal are very good but when i first heard the lyric i just thought wtf . this ha got to be a joke . why waste such a good riff on such a lyrically poor song . i wa extremely let down . it still give me hope for the sound of this upcoming album . if the lyric were any better this would be one the most badass song ever .
0	it is a cd , wooh .
1	great tune !
1	jeff williams second outing a composer for rwby is a home run . he creates wonderful music that get your blood pumping and your head bobbing . personal favorite track are shine and caffeine , but they are all great track that is just a awesome a rwby itself .
1	now memory run with this a night at a local hotel packed with people and trying to get a drink of course i wa wearing the black dress .
1	jonatha brooke ha one of the most beautiful voice i have ever heard . she is also one of the most under-rated songwriter in the country . the story wa a rather short-lived 2-person group formed back in the early 90 that included jennifer kimball . the harmony that jonatha and jennifer created were/are inspired , and at time , their heart wrenching melody could bring you to tear . my two favorite song from jonatha are so much mine ( from story - angel in the house ) and eye in the sky ( from jonatha brooke - back in the circus ) . so much mine ( my absolute favorite ) is a gorgeous song played impeccably well by highly skilled musician . the singing by jonatha is buttery smooth and is a perfect example of her true artistry . the eye in the sky track from one of jonathas solo album is an almost haunting rendition of the song by the same title from the alan parson project , release back in 1982. i am also a big fan of that band . all of jonathas album , both solo and from the story , are highly recommended . her voice would melt even the hardest of heart and her song writing , along with her interpretation of other artist song , is inspiring and ( at time ) haunting . her song stay ( and play ) in your head for a long time and when you consider her body of work ( a a whole ) , i just can not imagine why she is not more popular . some of her music ha an almost latin flavor to it ; latin rhythm and percussion that make you want to dance , while some of her song make you want to cry . she is that good . i do not know what else to say/write , other than buy her music !
1	excellent
1	i love hawaiian music . i used to own two hawaiian cd but never really liked them . this cd is incredible and i will always listen to the song when i am on the beach .
1	this cd ha made it possible for me to breathe easily for the first time it year . kudos to mr fredricksen for bringing buteykos method to light !
1	it is weird and kinda creepy , but i love it .
1	excellent
0	pay atttention . from a mix tape and doe not have the whole song ( pointless )
1	i love this cd . every single song . it is one of my all time favorite . i feel like a couple of the song are straight out of my life . highly recommend !
0	i really expected to be blown away by this album . it wa one of the best selling record the year it came out , and this record cemented lil wayne a one of the biggest rapper on the planet . you could not turn the tv on without seeing him or this record . however , there were only 3 or so song that i liked . the other song just sounded the same and generically manufactured to me . this review is not a reflection on weezys rap style or lyric , but maybe the producing . clearly , the guy is talented , but the record just came across a bland and repetitive to me . his 2006 release with birdman wa slammin . i expected this record to sound a little closer to that . obviously , i am in the minority here , a the rest of the world can not get enough of this record .
1	i like messianic music , so this wa a treat for me . many paul wilbur work , but others a well .
1	greate
1	i love this song , and amazon make it totally worth it because unlike stupid itunes , you can keep downloading it to a new phone , or redownload it if your internet dy or something in the middle of the download , all for free . see itunes , if u loose internet connection in the middle of the down load , or your power go out , or you get a new computer you have to buy the song all over again , trust me , i experienced that huge problem with itunes more than once . where a amazon is awesome cause it is all on your account , so you just log in and it is there , and it show that you payed the $ 1 for it so it is yours . even if you get a new phone , or ipod , or loose internet connection or whatever . your logged it , it is your account you payed for it , it all leagle , and it is yours , for like ever . : d in my own personal opinion i highly highly highly recomend you download song , and buy song from amazon.com verse buying it on itunes . c :
1	one of his best to date
1	this group , especially this album , ha ruined me . i literally can not listen to any other music for more than a couple song before playing babel from start to finish . these guy are in a league of their own . i am fairly certain i will never enjoy a group music more than i enjoy mumford & son .
0	honestly this album is really disappointing . i will say to you just go back to alaska and explore your root again ! take care !
1	they keep getting better and better , every song is talking directly to me ! your side of the bed , listen to the word - amazing !
1	top of my list . do you like to dance , to get your groove moving . elle king , where is she on the chart ? she should be ranking up there .
1	great album !
1	i like this album it is great . i am 10 year old and i love this album . all of the beat are really great and the lyric are really great and 50 cent is a really good rappper and i just love this cd cause it is so good . this is what rap music is all about , really good beat and really good lyric and really good rapping . 50 cent is the best rapper ever , i listen to this cd every day after school while i am eating my snack pack and watching sister sister on the wb . it is good my mom bought it for me for my birthday along with justin timberlakes new cd . that is great too i love both cd but 50 cent is especially good .
1	love this song , so fun . my 9 and 10 year old love it too . we jam out to it in the van .
0	i enjoy music that clearly tell a story ; the tone is moving and very enjoyable . what i liked the best is that you can actually understand the word that are sung . hopefully artist in the future could follow example ; where music could be music again .
0	the sound quality of this cd is awful . can not imagine what it would be like if it had not been remasterd .
1	very good song
1	al stewart did some good work , only a few song had airplay . peter white wa the guitarist . a must for any 70s-80s playlist .
1	good quality but you have to download amazing music to have to song in you phone
0	i like the beat & the tune , but could do without the lyric . where al word crime ha similar beat & tune but happier , fun lyric .
0	very disappointed did not even have the star spangled banner
0	can not determine if music downloaded , can not find where it downloaded or to what file . will not download from amazon music again , due to the complexity of the whole issue
0	where did all the powerful and emotion filled lyric go ? while the music may have at least attempted to go back to from here to infirmary it is stopped dead by skibas voice and lyric , such a on draculina and the american scream . his raw passionate word have turned into this terrible attempt at clean vocal and now song just seem awkward when he decides to throw the f word into them ( eating me alive ) . dan manages to save some of the album with off the map and fine , but once again , they lyric are sub par . do not get me wrong , i do not hate the trio , they are my favorite band , but they could do so much better than this . i wanted to like it , and went into it with an open mind , but after a few listens , nothing stuck out , and i did not even feel the need to listen to it ever again . if you really want a good alkaline trio record go pick up & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/good-mourning/dp/b00008yjda/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > good mourning < /a > & nbsp ; and anything before it . if you have listened to this one and like it , go try out & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/from-here-to-infirmary/dp/b00005b2xu/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > from here to infirmary < /a > & nbsp ; or & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/goddamnit/dp/b0012gm69y/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > goddamnit < /a > & nbsp ; i promise they are so much better .
1	love it
0	i owned the original music from i spy album done by hagen and this cut is not that cut ! this is a bluesy , brassy ala david rose stripper sounding , slow paced arrangement . some of you will like it . i am biased , however . the original use string for the main line ( this us brass ) and brass for the aside or counterpoint . it had a faster beat with a drummer who drove the tune and gave distinct accent . this aint that cut ! for those who relish soundtrack music this , to me , is like the hugo montenegro version ( arrangement ) of the man from uncle theme . i do not even like the lalo shiffren version of the man from uncle theme . i like jerry goldsmith original version . everything else is pale . the i spy album are available but at $ 22 that is out of my budget for nostalgia and there are no track listing and if i were to buy it , it would be for the original i spy theme and a track called the international set , which is a lovely accordion and string based song . this is spy track would be to me like the fishing hole song from andy griffith done with a kazzoo instead of hagen whistling .
1	doe anyone remember larry gowan ? fan do . this collection of song span his early career with all the best music . gowan is a canadian singer and songwriter . never one for ballad , his music is quite original and thought provoking . this album doe have a few song that would be considered ballad . i guess gowan ha mellowed a bit . since 1999 gowan is still performing . now with the band styx . never-the-less it is his early year i remember with fondness . this album is the best of gowan .
0	while the arrangement of this cover get 5 star , this performance of it get 1 ( it would get 0 if that were an option ) . if you want to hear the original cover , which wa done while giving proper credit where it wa due , check out jonathan coulton ! also , purchase the one that is in the style of glee so that the purchase go to a good cause . < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/baby-got-back-in-the-style-of-glee/dp/b00b6lrx34/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > baby got back ( in the style of glee ) < /a >
0	i am a big fan of terry hall and the colourfields fantastic first album , virgin & philistine , but with personnel change and a different vibe , this album pale in comparison . terry voice is still great but he go in a different direction musically and it is just not on par with the first album in my opinion , which is still one of my favorite from the mid-80s .
0	why do you make me so happy and also want to to die on the same album ?
1	no one play this song any better than conductor and violinist . andre rieu . i first saw him on public television and wa so appreciative of his playing and conduting style . he truly ha feeling in each note he play on his violin . i know you will enjoy his music !
1	love it !
1	sarah mclachlan ha such a beautiful voice . make it sound a if an angel is singing the song . one of many tremendous song released by sarah mclachlan .
0	the absolutely worst song ever made . if you like screaming through the whole song , then you will love it . me , i like some melody and rhythm and not a bunch of woooo aaaaaa eeeeaaaaaaa .
1	i perfect feel good summer jam !
1	once again , micheal castaldo ha brought his phenomenal talent to the forefront with his latest rendition of prayr . micheals rich , soulful voice always touch the heart and soul of the listener , and prayr is no exception . this song , done in both italian and english , prof once again , that beautiful music is beautiful music in any language . micheals interpretation and performance of this song is extraordinary and i truly hope it receives the airplay that it so deserves . if you have not yet purchased prayr . do not wait any longer . it is destined to be a mega-hit !
1	wonderful !
0	horrible . i only bought it because the ex-girlfriend wanted it . i wish there wa a no star rating .
1	great tribute to richard wright .
1	great cd and great series . i own all of them . steve boalt
0	i paid for the song because i wanted the mp3 . after i paid for it , it will only let me listen to it through amazon . that doe me no good . i want the mp3 that i paid for .
0	major disappointment . always been a huge bh fan from way back . the songwriting is trite and uninspired . take no chance musically . dont get me started on the ridiculous political statement he is trying to make with the title track . utterly forgettable album .
0	there is a reason this recording is dirt cheap - it is a live recording with somebody coughing all through it . you would think they would have chosen a better performance to try to sell .
1	mr. sandman is one of the few song i can sing with gusto . of course i cange the word him to her but it work .
0	a a fan of tso . we were looking forward to this new 2 cd set with great anticipation . when it arrived , we immediately slid it into the cd player and were very surprised and disappointed . although we realize it is the latest in a stream of concept release by tso , this concept left u very cool . there is very little that is melodic and a lot of it seems like just so much noise . we are pretty sophisticated listener with extremely diverse musical taste , but i must say this one wa a bust . we never listen to it and had we previewed it , would definitely never have purchased it .
1	top gun
0	this is not the version that you are looking for . have not found the version sung on ondine yet . dang it !
0	i expected to get the song i heard on youtube , not this one with half of the lyric deleted . not what i wanted at all .
0	not able to listen the cd is blank
0	it downloaded twice . i called for credit . they told me they had issued the credit but when i went to use my account again i notice i had not been issued the credit for this item .
1	awesome cd
1	i heard this on kjzz , my favorite for jazz music , and liked it well enough to get the mp3 version .
1	this is one of my favorite song . it is catchy , both lyrically and musically . i consider it to be one of my most favorite song , but i am biased that way .
1	a a wildland firefighter travailing the country , this song hit home for me and my boy . what a great sad story .
1	i like this version of the song . it is very smooth and sweet . the harmony is gentle and it lyric are thoughtful .
0	this composition , while ambitious and promising at certain point , never really take off . the composer relies too heavily on a rapid ostinato of many percussion instrument , but doe not go anywhere with it . the theme never develop , and the variation are not all that different from each other . i had high hope for the coda a it seemed that the piece wa building to a satisfying conclusion , but it wa just more of the same . i do detect some possibility that his future work may go in some new direction , however .
1	critic have called this the best soul album ever . they are right . this is the best non-greatest hit soul album one can buy . outstanding singing , precision producing make this a can not miss album . the album look like a greatest hit package with ghetto child , one of a kind love affair , how could i let you get away , i will be around and others . the first track , just can not get you out of my mind get you going and you will not be able to turn it off .
0	do not waste your time
0	it wa not the full dvd that i expected . very disappointed .
1	another classic !
1	i stumbled upon lp searching for vinyl record on youtube and nearly fell over when i started listening . she is absolutely incredible and ha affected me more than any artist in year !
0	i do not see what everyone see in this dude . this album suck his beat are only appealing because of sampling . lyric are straight garbage a usual people wake up look behind poppy beat and mainstream appeal ! u wan na hear some real hiphop look for dude like elzhi and reks .
0	very disappointed . the song i really want it are not on here . but it is still a good cd . if i had known my song were not here i would not have purchased it .
0	very poor album . there is a lacking of instrument , basic drum . very unsophisticated .
0	i purchased this by accident . i do not like her music which is too explicit . i can not say i hate it , because that would put me on the fence with love/hate .
1	love it , so upbeat , so hot !
1	saw the video for this song back when mtv wa mtv . loved the funky vibe , make you want to put on a hat and dance on a theater stage ( it doe for me ! ) . : - )
1	this album is definitely worth buying ! wonderful song from start to finish , no skipping necessary . amanda shire fiddling skill , creative lyric , and sweet voice will have you listening to this album on repeat .
1	great
0	blase and uninspired , sadly , a wa most of his music from this album .
0	absolutely horrible pressing . save your money and just go with the 2016 remaster . i got this on a daily deal , but even at that price , it wasnt worth it . sound distant and there is absolutely no dynamic range . the bass is nonexistent , and wa quieter than most of my other record . i have listened to it about 3 time now , just to see if it needed to break in a bit . nope ! just horrible .
0	huge wz and rz here . this album is a bit disappointing . some have equated it to an ep and i agree . i believe rob is believing any crap he put out there is cool , well . it aint . love john 5 playing and hope rob put out more serious lyric and music next time .
0	i enjoyed it more when i wa a 16 year old hippie . audio quality wa good . i forgot the rant about god though and that wa enough for me to delete it .
1	the title say it all , really . i absolutely adore this song . listen to it on you tube and then you will want to buy it too !
0	this song is pretty slow , i think . i do not know why i did not like it . i just did not like it very much .
0	nothing good worth mentioning but picture perfect ! .that tracc with brandy wa o.k an dumb s * t shouldve been without snoop an blacc ty .
0	a ha been mentioned in other review , these are not the original hit recording . most , if not all , of the original are available elsewhere .
0	i am a huge fan going way back , so i will not say directly that it suck ( but it definitely lack gravitational pull ) . bob tar-lunged croak is now absolutely intollerable here on these christmas standard ! the zydeco arrangement on must be santa is kinda fun , but his shredded voice just make me imagine that i am listening to someone with a blocked tracheostomy tube . i feel this cd could be a powerful learning tool for middle school health class . student would listen and compare nashville skyline with this dreck and thus learn an impacting life lesson on the danger of cigarette .
1	beautiful love song . beautiful voice . i became a johnny hartman fan a a result of hearing this song .
1	there really is two separate thing to consider in reviewing this song . first , there is the music : the song is fairly simply , yet build in a mid-80s era bob dylan style . nothing spectacular but that really is not the point of the song . the production is clean , with all instrument clear yet allowing the focus to remain on the vocal , exactly where is should be . the primary focus of the song is in the lyric . wainwright paint a verbal picture of life on the road , and the desperate loneliness that walk hand in hand with it . while the lyric bring other groupie song to mind , such a what is your name , what really separate this is the lack of glamor in the road lifestyle and how the day after day life in motel room can drive a musician to despair . i think that at the beginning of the song , it is easy to dismiss it a another getting laid song , but on a closer listen you can hear the effect that road life ha on him , and how he is willing to say or do anything to not have to spend another night alone . really an accurate view of what the road can do to you , bringing to mind other real road classic such a turn the page and faithfully , but from an entirely different perspective . worth the download , but you have to listen to it a few time to really get it .
0	not quite what i expected
1	love this song !
1	bought this for secret but am getting hooked on the rest . still a timely cd . came on time and in a bubble envelope . worth a purchase for sure .
0	though , i will take some responsibility . i downloaded from itunes & should/could have listened to the sample . my bad . how can they use the same name a an already existing band ? and produce music like this while using that name ? really , it should be an outrage . i am stuck with stupid music that i paid for . oh well . i will just chalk it up to my own carelessness . hopefully it will not come up in random very often .
1	dancing music from flo rida . ha song lyric right round taken from an older song . so if you liek the older song , this one ha a modern twist , hip hop .
0	i wa pretty disappointed with this album . i wa expecting to hear the energy and killer guitar work i would been seeing on her video . it just wasnt there for me . i will still play it but it will not be one of my favorite . my advice would be get a new producer .
0	hurt my head . i am too old for this at 50 ! for sure .
1	love it !
1	this item exceeded expectation ! bought a a gift for a family member for enjoyment and daily use . recommend this item .
0	there were only a few song i liked . not what i expected .
1	wonderful tune and lyric .
0	i picked up this cd after listening to some sample . very good , i enjoyed most every song , except carried by the wind . when i first heard it seemed disconcertingly familier , a if i would heard it before . i listened a few more time , and yes , i had heard it before . it is a reworked version of yannis on sacred ground from his if i could tell you album ! i listened to yannis version and farishs version most definitely copy from that song ! but not only that , farish also inserted the same clip of child laughing that amethystium us in their song avalon from their odonata album . what is up with that ? unless there is good explanation for this copying , the song carried by the wind ha ruined ryan farish for me .
1	good music throughout . always favor original song . mix up tempos/styles- appeal to all age . she is a really good singer . glad to see her doing so well and overcoming a rough time with positive forward sailing .
1	cd wa in great condition
0	did not work , not one song . will not buy here ahain
1	great remix of one of the key song of the show give a great feeling to a strong show number
1	great song from a great band that will no doubt turn out many more terrific song in the future . so far demon is my favorite song from this group .
0	i wa counting down the day to this album being released . i listen to sturgills first two album often and could not wait for new stuff . so i buy the album on release day and start listening . what the heck is this ? ! ? ! the 1st track is ok , the nirvana cover is absolutely putrid , the rest of the album is just boring and generic . huge disappointment !
0	the music is well layed out and engineered extremely well but the lyric make me want to slap this guy for being a whining as . his voice bore the crap out of me .
1	love it
1	after jim reef died tragically in a plane crash on july 31 , 1964 at age 39 , his legion of fan simply refused to let go . from that point to 1984 no le than 34 of his rca single release would make the country chart , seven of them crossing over to the billboard pop hot 100. not even the late , great hank williams or elvis presley received that ultimate honour . i can therefore well understand the difficulty faced by producer paul williams in putting this 20-selection compilation together under the title the essential jim reef . to please everyone would be nigh on impossible considering the fact he had 80 country hit single between 1953 and 1984 , 27 of which crossed over to the hot 100 , six to the adult contemporary chart ( which did not begin until 1961 ) , and one to the r & b chart . never mind the hundred of equally-wonderful selection from his many eps and lp . all in all , however , i would say he did a fairly credible job , augmented by five page of liner note by colin escott and three more photo of jim , including one with wife mary at an award ceremony . a partial discography of the content is also included , but without any chart detail . all but track 20 [ recorded in 1958 and included on an early lp ] were hit for jim , 18 of them pop crossover [ only track 4 made only the country list , going to # 2 early in 1959 ] . his version of the old standard , i love you because , wa recorded in 1962 and wa first released on the rca victor lp gentleman jim and , in 1976 , became a # 54 country hit a a single . note , too , that the version of am i losing you wa the one cut in 1960 and released on rca victor 7800 , going to # 8 country/ # 31 hot 100 a the flipside of i missed me [ # 3 country/ # 44 hot 100 and not included here ] , the first version , done in 1957 [ # 3 country ] , remains a bit difficult to find . the earliest hit represented here , and the one that lead off the disc , is four wall [ # 1 country for eight week in 1957 ] which wa his initial pop crossover [ # 11 ] . however , this came after 13 country hit beginning in 1953 with mexican joe [ # 1 for nine week credited to jim reef and the circle o ranch boy ] . so i tend to agree with another reviewer who say that at least one of those should have been included in an essential cd . not counting the first six , five of which were for the abbott label and one , i love you , a # 3 duet with ginny wright on the fabor label , there were seven rca cut to choose from . the best of these included the afore-mentioned am i losing you , a well a yonder come a sucker and according to my heart , both # 4 . still , it is hard to be critical of this fine effort which richly deserves every one of the maximum 5 star .
0	when i gave this album 3 star at one time ? ! after listening to az , then listening to this , a thought hit me in the head like a mike tyson punch , this album is a bad a it get . first off this guy bite off everything in his site ! the album title get rich or die tryin is a similar sound to az doe or die , just longer . the only reason why he is famus is because he got shot 9 time , and he is a fool on stereroids . he is all over the medium , and is an annoyment on mtv and bet ! anyway on the album , his lyric are childish , and nursery rhyme , along with a lame horrible flow , with good beat , but putting him on the track made em sound bad . he is a million mile away from being pac , and ja rule ha a good chance of beating him . if you like pop rap , odds are you brought it , and after reading this review , you hate me . but for those who like real hip hop , understand this is garbage , and is doe not even to deserve to be called a rapper from queen ( na , az , and , mobb deep hold true to the queensbridge name ) it is not even worth 50 cent itself . it doesnt even deserve to be on the shelf ! interesting fact : this fool dissin ja rule , yet he is copying jas style ! i mean he ha a fake gangsta image , and club song , love song , and he acually sings song , imitating ja rule . and also , he used pac rhyme on the hail mary remix from tupacs song hail mary , and against all odds , to dis ja while using tupacs rhyme for exploitation . what a joke , a discrace , and a cancer to hip-hop . ( just like chingy , juelz santana ( he ha good beat , but his rhyme are completly senseless , ludacris , g-unit , j-kwon , bow wow , and u know who else ) peace
1	beautiful voice
0	to amazon : why is this here ? i do not remember ordering this , & i never have had it delivered to my home . i know this to be true because i do not own this cd or any reo speedwagon music
1	how can your toe not tap to this one . mar knock it out of the stratosphere again .
1	barb still ha it
0	did not order , do not know why it is showing up on my account .
0	evidently the title simple plan refers to a theory that if you rip off another band hit , you will sell more record . i really do not know where to start with this one . this band rip off every band from u2 to green day to the killer , and manages to sound overproduced with a total lack of energy , with the exception of one pop-punk track , time to say goodbye . it wa said that during the three-plus year that passed between album , that the group singer/songriter ryan bouvier had writer block . this becomes all the more apparent because britney spear songwriting team wa brought in to write several song , making simple plan sound like a boy band . even when they try to rock out , the production is so overdone that the guitar seem distorted and out of place . and there are way too many piano-ballads . i think any trace of the faux-punk label they were slapped with after their first two album , which were decent effort packed with pop-punk hook , can permanently be removed now . simple plan will spend the rest of their life wondering if it wa the three-plus year layoff between album or the change of sound/style on this new one that killed their career . and the answer is neither . it is the lack of originality , energy , and songcraft that will do them in . let face it , when hilary duff rock harder than you , your band is not punk . and in the three and a half year this band wa away , the scene changed , but their fan base remained intact and they should have stayed a little closer to home on this release rather than go running off into what the band call unchartered musical territory . perhaps uncharted musical territory is more like it . this one is headed to a bargain bin near you , right next to all those old lfo album .
0	i really liked michael grimm voice on america got talent . the cd , however , is a disappointment because that voice is lost in the production . le instrumentation & accompaniment and more michael would have made this an enjoyable listen .
0	completely different than any of her older album . if you like old rihanna with a pop beat and hard hit , this is not the album for you .
1	another stellar album from the awesome jenny ! beautiful and finely crafter all the way through !
1	amazing voice
1	tyte trakk
1	one of my favorite song
0	i thought that the song wa going to be adam singing it and once i heard a clip of it on itunes . i realized that it wasnt him a all ( from the very beginning of it ) . i did not like the song just from the clip i heard . if you ask me , this group or singer sin synthetic , are just trying to make money off of adam lambert name and his fame . i almost bought the cd here from amazon . i am so glad that i did not .
0	it is unfortunate that there is not a negative rating scale . the disc took five week to arrive . both the sound quality and the rendition of the song were abysmal , even if one could tolerate the rather shabby packaging . recycled the day it arrived .
1	this come from one of the more obscure gerge harrison album but will always be one of my favorite song !
0	stupid .
0	this is my favorite cd however , the vinyl arrived scratched and i have yet to be able to actually play it without it skipping through most the song . i wa extremely disappointed .
1	a perfect guide for a lasting relationship . instruction on how to make a marriage be happy for 75 year and more .
1	it is awesome ! so glad a cd came out .
1	come on it is led zeppelin : d
0	probably the worst excuse i have heard for a musical . no actual music or story and the lyric are just juvenile at best . doe not give me much hope for the future of broadway if this is what people consider music or art .
0	do not like it
0	i could not get more than half way through really boring book . not only wa it boring but it jumped around in time between chapter . drove me crazy . begin 30 year ago then jump to present then back to 1822 to present back to 1822 back to present . the only thing keeping me going to the half way point wa waiting for something to happen . it never did so i gave up .
0	there are a lot of four or five star review saying that if you can get over the drastic change in instrumentation , this album is just a good or better . what ? ! if metallica decided to drop the electric guitar and start playing the synthesizer and flute it would no longer be metallica . if a bluegrass band switched to trombone and tuba it would not be bluegrass . when u2 decided to go electronica on their pop album it sucked . that is what this is . they did not just slightly switch the sound of the instrument . they dropped the authentic , folk , real-sounding instrument ( keep in mind . i hate hipster ) , and went with what can only be described a a fake sounding electronic drum set , a synthesizer keyboard ? , and electric guitar without any unique pedal sound or anything . it sound like untalented drivel sadly coming from a band that ha proven that they are anything but untalented . doe the lead singer voice still sound unique and awesome ? yes . doe this album have a few ok melody ? yes . if this wa their first album would they ever have made it beyond their local bar scene ? absolutely not . you can defend this disappointing decision to completely change their signature sound all you want , but the fact is that we all loved their signature sound . they could have simply tweeked the sound here and there to get something new and cool , like u2 did from joshua tree to achtung baby . but like i said before , this is like going from joshua tree to pop . they should have learned from u2 .
1	this is one of those perfect single it is so simple but , so close to flawless dave gahan vocal even the 1980s synth keyboard sound all work to create a flawless single that still to this day stand the test of time ! a must all around 10/10
1	i have this song at the head of my classic rock playlist . mr. grey had a great voice , this song ha a happy/upbeat tempo and it serf a a kinda thank you for all the song that follow : give me the beat boy ! just writing this review i need to listen to this again .
0	the orchestral piece have a lot of white noise in the background and many song cut off half way through .
0	ok , skeptical a i wa , i gave it a try for a long a i can stand it , and after two semester of daily listening while doing homework and studying , this music ha done nothing for me .
1	very well put together list of classical music that relaxes you . i would definately recommend this to anyone ( even if they are not a big fan of classical music ) .
0	i noticed seventy seven people also did not order this and it showed up in their order . not a way to promote a band .
1	beautiful , male you cry
0	george carlin wa a man who wa talented in many different aspect . he wa creative and every time i listened to his other show , i laughed so hard i had to stop the recording before i choked . his unique way of looking at the world combined with his mastery of language made george carlin stand out from others in his field . this album is not creative nor funny . it is just hateful . mostly it is just ranting about how evil cop , fireman and snitch are , a well a fart and enema joke . go listen to something else from his career if you want amazing comedy , because you will not find it here .
1	a beautiful song . i created a cd to use in my work a a massage therapist , and included this song . lovely !
1	this is by far the best collection of rare earth there wa . i say wa co it look like at the writing of this that it is now out of print. ( sad ) . luckily i do own it . what make this the best one of all is the inclusion of every now and then we get to go on down to miami . this song wa never released a a single but should have been . every song on here is a winner , you have got the hit and the best of ( almost ) album track . but if mowtown happens to read this please . please release the entire catalog using 24 bit , these guy deserve it . since there is 2 or 3 original member gone now .
0	can not say that there is anything particularly memorable on this cd . i am a big van morrison fan but this is not my favortie album by far
0	this say it is the clean version but it is not .
1	i really wish they would do more cover . this turned into an amazing project for their fan . thank you shinedown !
0	i bought this for my aunt because she remembered it from she wa a kid and she claim she is happy with it . i do not care for this type of grade school music
1	i have been a fan for many year . this is a great collection . there is only one track i do not care for and i will skip over .
1	another get out of your seat raise your hand and praise god song . this song touch the heart and the spirit
1	i love it !
0	wow , another album from brmc where they can not decide what kind of music they want to make : rocker or slow , drawn out ( and imo dull ) folk song . i really liked war machine & aya . those i bought and enjoyed . i will be glad to never hear any of the other track ever again : )
0	it skipped many time . i wa given a full refund .
1	this song wa written by todd rundgren . hall and oat are good but todd the best , i think he produced them along with patti smith ( here come the night ) and lot of other artist . most of their big hit were written by todd .
0	this review is directed at the vendor a opposed to the actual album . do not buy from new chapter recycling , this record shipped in a plain white cover ( and damaged at that ! ) instead of the original cover a seen in the pic . ridiculous , sending back and ordering from another vendor .
0	i think this song is worse than perfect stranger . i am pretty disappointed in this band . i think i am gon na stick to listening to music that i already know or band that are more popular .
1	i love the brass opening this song . make me want to walk up to my wife and dance .
0	i do not have the download . help guideline not working , the cancel button wa hit immediately but account still charged , please credit my account
0	because the song cut where the explicit word would go . i wish i could get a refund , i ended up buying the explicit version instead
1	my favorite version of the ave maria ! i particularly like that there is not a lot of vibrato . so happy amazon ha this !
1	jerry playing wring so much feeling out of every note , and everything he play is so tasteful and rich . yum .
1	nice change for adam .
0	no thunder . at all !
0	i do not normally give a poor review . i am more likely to lean toward average or better . the product is fine . play well , no issue at all . the problem i have is that i did not get it for over 24 hour . i think today you should be able to purchase a song on-line and be able to play it then and there . i ended up buying this elsewhere because i got tired of waiting . i will not buy music from amazon anymore . but i will still buy everything else !
1	just another one of those snappy tune that make me want to move . i love this tune and hope you will try it out .
1	satisfied
1	love the message and the music !
0	if you are a big fan of trivium style on their first two cd , then do not even bother with this album . not too long before this cd came out , trivium covered metallicas master of puppet . in all honesty , the song rock ! but it is my suspicion that recording the cover song gave trivium some abhorrent notion to make an album entirely in the vein of metallica . this new album is a complete letdown . trivium ha such an awesome sound on ascendancy , and for them to abandon that completely to attempt to fulfill their childhood dream of playing in metallica is , frankly , depressing . from a fan whole absolutely love their first two effort , i give this album two thumb down ! please , for the love of ( insert your chosen deity or spiritual force here ) , revert back to your original sound , trivium !
1	getting a new album from robin feel like a gift from god . every song on here is wonderful- one hauntingly beautiful song after another . i already had do not cry alone and bought a cd from germany to get mother of love , but had never before heard any of the others . what a treat for every robin gibb and bee gee fan- a new album with 17 gorgeous song ! i can not stop listening to this album , especially anniversary and sanctuary !
0	what can i say ? it is absolutely maddening to learn that the super deluxe edition of this cd doe not contain all of the song released for this album . apparently , there is another regular deluxe version containing three song not available here . what complete jibberish . how can you ask someone to pay an extraordinary premium for the super deluxe version and then not provide all planned content for release ? while i would love to say i am shocked mr. taylor would sanction this , it is apparently one of the many new , le than desirable trend the record company have espoused lately to get those few of u left who support physical medium to shell out more dough . disgusting .
1	this cd is so relaxing when i am drifting off to sleep . rain is my favorite nature sound , so you can imagine how often i use this cd . the sound quality is exceptional . i could not be happier !
0	like other piece by merry this wa not one . very short a little over a minute . buyer should be notified . have never seen such a short rendition and be charged more like a sample .
0	pop
1	magic
1	i got to stream this record free courtesy of npr , and i loved it . it is classic shoegaze with a current sensibility , with melodic groove and even catchy hook complementing the fuzzy guitar and droning vocal . best track is dig , but listen to the whole album from start to finish a intended ; it is a lush trip through a tonal dreamscape .
1	cabaret still shine well after decade . in her day , nobody could deliver like liza and cabaret illustrates why . you have to hear it again to understand .
0	while i love the cd , it would not play on our cd player for some reason . i tried it on my son player and it worked . the reason i wanted it wa so we could go to sleep listening to it . maybe it wa a problem with how it wa pressed ? i do not know . disappointed ! : (
0	this is not a piece of music . it is only used for tuning up an orchestra or instrument . unless you want to tune your musical instrument , do not download . all this is is a single tone , do not download .
1	little and ashley harmonize very well in this recording . the lyric bring vision of a beautiful winter night outdoors with a smattering of bell . who doe not like sleigh bell ? i like it !
0	this album just did not do it for me . i got it when it came out , because i have all their cd and love them to death . it is too girly and poppy for me , high-pitched . the lyric are not all that clear , and do not mesh well together to mean one thing . most of all , the melody of the song are hard to listen to . you know how some song are just . difficult for the ear to enjoy ? these song are fine most of the time . but then almost all of them have a difficult spot where the melody ( or the singing ) is difficult to listen to . there are a few really enjoyable , feeling-filled song though . control , secret , and sleepwalking get 5 star from me . the rest get about 3 star . i can not relate to them much , and i do not get much pleasure from listening to them . but i will always love tbms older stuff , and their newer hide and seek album .
1	great tune .
1	i love this song !
1	great blueys song
0	this is one of my favs from a boy named goo , the cd best known for the goo goo doll breakthrough hit name . this mp3 version of flat top sound horrible - it sound like some of the downloads my sister friend used to get from limewire , where there wa this hissing that sounded like someone wa running a drum stick along the cymbal . i have owned this on cd several time b/c i have a hard time holding onto anything and there are a couple bona fide bad song on abng , and i am not always in the mood for the downbeat long way down ( trk1 ) . but over the course of owning this cd off and on , i have listened to it many time , this is not the way it is supposed to sound . i listen to this on my desktop pc via my amazon cloud , just like all my other music that i bought in mp3 format and this is not up to bar with anything that cost money . if this were a independent release , i could maybe forgive this mishap . but warner bros./wea is either greedy or stupid . this is inexcusable .
1	great uplifting soul album from this baltimore-based quartet . this is a real band using real instrument and the lead vocalist ha one of the most authentic old-school type soul voice i have heard this year . these are all original song too . the music is very gospel influenced though far from preachy , and it is consistently good listening from start to finish . i do have favourite though , including the fantastic opener , never leave you lonely , hope too high , breathe love , maybe i am not the man , evil woman ( which i am sure us the riff from donny hathaway valdez in the country , though this is not acknowledged ) , they do not know , time stop ( heartfelt balladry at it best ) and the funky closer , it aint over . this is how music is supposed to be made and why this group is not being hailed from the rooftop , i will never know . i would never have heard of them if not for a uk-based black music monthly magazine . if you like soul like it wa made back in the day , you will probably love this . get a copy while you can .
0	bad , eddy voice is shot .
0	clicked on this too quickly before noticing it is not the original .
1	another hit !
0	some of these song are so bad they are funny . i kept bandy bandy , by zap mama featuring erykah badu , which is nice . also kept two other track , which i shall not name , but only for my really bad song playlist .
1	outstanding , bluish .
0	it is terrible when fm radio play out a song that wa average to begin with . it make it even more lackluster to the discerning listener
0	it is a sound track for the movie not the movie should be listed a the song from the movie zero dark thirty . but if they did that no one would buy it . frank bole
0	all the song started sounding the same le than half way through . sad , because we really liked him on the show .
1	i can listen to this one over and over again .
0	too short
0	i would rather insert a sea urchin into my urethra than listen to this again
1	just a great love song
0	it did not work like i thought it would to guide u a we accended to the top of pike peak . we had trouble downloading this item .
1	this is actually a great song . i am truly a died hard fan for k. michelle so i do not mind keeping it real . it is about time she is singing something that is a make up record . she ha always recorded break-up record and album , and now it is great and surprising to hear her sing something new . she is crazy , sometimes rude and take thing to the extreme , but one thing that is true is that she can sing ! support real music and trust she will deliver . you do not have to like her , but you have to like her music . and i love it ! she doe not have two number one album for no reason .
1	relaxing
0	i thought this wa sung my dottie rambo , did not like it since it wasnt . i wa after hers not someone el .
1	always love josh groban . in perfect condition !
1	it is music so it is pretty much good if this is your taste summary : buy of simply find it on you tube
1	i purchased the presale album . two song are available immediately . i think this may be their best album yet !
0	i bought this album and accidentally had it playing in a snapchat i sent to my friend , next day i got sued .
0	did not purchase this book either or whatever it is - did not purchase this one . can not rate it . sorry .
0	so why are you asking me to review it ? this is a stupid automated review process controlled by software clearly written by some idiot programmer . stop pestering your customer to work for you without compensation by writing review !
0	ruined a perfectly good song
0	love the opening track but after that it went steadily down hill , over indulgent and just plain dull in the most part , not a high point in an illustrious career .
1	a advertised .
1	excellent song
1	from one of my favorite movie , this song can bring out so much emotion and feeling . love love love it .
1	it is a very fun song that encourages you to keep your head up and enjoy life . you will turn out fine . : )
1	beautiful album
0	every song sound the same .
1	one of the best sweet romantic song of all-time i think , true love wait and true love never grows old or give up and grows sweeter over time
1	got ta love it !
1	since i grew up in an extremely remote part of alaska , i may be one of the few people on the planet who wasnt very exposed to the bee gee music in the seventy . i wa only familiar with lonely night from a mix album of my parent and i had no idea who the artist were . in my twenty i ventured out into the world and heard stayin alive and other disco hit without really paying much attention . in my thirty i had dinner at my parent house and afterwards they watched an a & e special concert promoting the bee gee album , this is where i came in . naturally , i stayed to watch . and almost immediately i wa blown away by the most unique , amazing and thrilling voice i would ever heard in my life . from that moment on i bought every bee gee album available simply and solely to expose myself to robin gibbs voice . and what a rewarding journey that was- his range never failed to delight and lead me on to the next album to see what else he would do with the incredible instrument that wa his voice . obviously , the huge album from the seventy did not interest me much , despite their genius danceability , because his voice is not highlighted . fortunately i managed to get hold of his solo album . i have often wondered what robin gibb would have done with his voice if he had not been shaped by the bee gee . often i yearned for something more than the pop song . after all , his voice could easily have embraced any style or genre . this album come the closest to proving that . just listen to do not cry alone if you do not believe me . and while many of the track are once again pop , they are more mature , both in lyric and in vocal . and i love that he us his terrific range from one song to the next . i especially love it when he sings in the lower register ( sanctuary ) , since he doe it so rarely- but so well . naturally , if you love robin gibb or the bee gee you are going to buy this album . if you are simply a music lover you owe it to yourself to expose yourself to one of- if not the- most unique , haunting and penetrating voice in popular music history . this album is a wonderful introduction to the joy that is robin gibbs voice .
1	guy ! i wa so excited when i heard thalia wa going to have a new cd , and that excitement wa really worth it when i bought and listened to this cd ! all the song are just amazing ! thalia ha grown a an artist from album to album . all i can say is that i recommend this cd to everyone , it fantastic !
1	when two super talent like keith urban and miranda lambert get together , it is bound to be a hit and this one certainly is ! i would rate this among the great duet in country music . highly recommended !
0	i purchased this song along with 4 other song and all but this one completed the download . i tried to cancel this song order , but could not . therefore i paid for this song that did not download . no way to try a second time without paying for the song again and taking the chance it will not download again . oh well .
0	disappointed , but never with much hope . it is a shame .
0	i am sick of the crap being played on the radio instead of great band like killswitch engage , in flame , a i lay dying , lamb of god , ect . now thats real music . not this crap . the only reason this guy even popular is because he got shot nine time . in a few year rap will die just like disco . then metal will rule the world once again .
1	great song , heard him sing it on american idol and had to have it , i like the acoustic version just a well a the other .
0	jimmy buffett and ian anderson of jethro tull both knew their limitation and talent . so when they put out christmas album , they knew what would work , and what would not , and made their musical selection accordingly . you will notice that buffett never once touch the religious piece and tull touch religious piece only a instrumental arrangement . but then again dylan ha always taken himself too seriously . some producer should have had the gut to tell dylan that his selection were atrocious , and absolutely wrong for what is left of his voice . but big name produce big fear , and so , we have this piece of musical garbage . a many have noted the only piece that work at all is must be santa . and that is only because of what he doe with the reindeer name . everything else is like nail on a chalkboard . doe not dylan have enough money a it is ? but there could be a bright side . the military may have just found a new softening up option prior to high-level interrogation . but it could be against the geneva convention .
1	good album .
0	it reminded me of jimi with an srv twist , wonderful .
1	this is a great album no doubt . the call of ktulu is musically one of the best metal song i have ever heard . fade to black is an absolute classic . maybe missing a little ball though in this one .
1	it is prince . duh !
0	this version is the live of dream on and not the studio version . still a great song but it would have been nice if it said it wa the live version .
1	first cd i have bought in a long time . sturgill simpson should have won a grammy for this album in my opinion , and i am not even that much into country music . this guy is in a genre of his own , and it kick a $ . can not wait to see what he come up with on his next album .
0	defective disc
0	be warned she went creative # pose # 7 # iscreative . i first had 4 star but went to two lol
1	is a gift
1	i have given a few copy of the cd and guide to family and friend because it brings one closer to the blessed mother and in touch with the lord . i listen to it driving , working out or when i feel i need to quiet myself . susan ha really done a great job with this and it is worth the purchase .
1	lorraine feather is the complete package . here are incredible intelligence and uniqueness , beautiful voice , wide-ranging mood and arrangement . always surprising and satisfying . you must hear lorraine feather to believe it can be this good .
1	old school music . the best from puerto rico . isla del encanto . bonita perla bonito san juan buenos recuerdos del pasado
0	this wa a gift for a friend , i never listened to it , but she loved the music .
1	you either get it or you do not . but if you do get it then you will love it . unique , spacey , cosmic , trippy , technical and melodic . overall it is a great solid album . recommended to fan of voivod , toxik , watchtower , rush , vector , atheist , cynic or any other technical/prog band
1	i absolutely love this song . they sound awesome together . being a woman with a busy job and a husband with the same this song make complete sense to me .
1	great music ! loved it ! thanks a lot !
1	beautiful lyric easy listening
0	first off i wan na address something prior to my review . east . 187 why would you say such a horrible thing calling 2pac wack . that is blasphemy right there . he wa a real a it get , he had quite a few positive song , and he wa one of the greatest ! anyone would agree with me there . on to my review of this cd . i weep at the current state of hip hop . how did we go from notorious big to lil flip ? hip hop ha taken a huge plunge in term of it lyrical prowess and it is pathetic . 50 cent doe not help one bit . yes yes congratulation mr curtis jackson on going multiple time platinum . but why did this album sell so much ? i think it wa based on the fact that he dissed ja rule and that he wa shot nine time and lived to tell . i mean anyone who say 50 is a lyrical beast is totally assinine . this guy is so predictable ! let u see , if he talk about selling rock he will probably mention something about glocks in the next few word . and if he mention hoe he will probably mention about him doing show . and if he mention . you get my point . he is such a bad lyricist . if he came outta the south i would understand but coming from queen ? ny is respected a the breeder of lyrical genius but 50 is trash . stop talking about how ( . ) ja rule is ! he beat u up and had u shot and stabbed ! you are the wanksta 50 cuz u never got back at him ! this album get it 2 star because the beat are hella good thanks to dre and eminem two of the best but this guy living off of his 9 shot story . i love how people gave him the name 5-0 and called 50 a snitch cuz it true . new title for this album get ( . ) or die cry
1	beautiful music . perfect for the holiday season !
1	a ok
0	i downloded this song to listen to new music , but it is not my preference . it is a very experimental music for my preference .
0	not what i wa looking for- i wanted a reading of the sanskrit , the word for word definition and the translation . the subject matter is beyond proase and the quality of the recording is well done and is best for a first time listening of this great literature , so the 3 star only express my disappointment in what wa lacking . also , i personally find the music distracting from the serious meditation this work requires . the sanskrit mantra , when they are present and accurately read , are music enough .
1	this is a great song to start off your friday . i listen to it on the way to the office every friday morning . set the day to be a positive experience no matter how your day end . great song .
0	wow i wish they stop playing this garbage on the radio by now ! even for a 8 minute song ? this guy is just desperate to keep his career going . he need to look himself in a mirror cause the music flatout suck .
0	i thought my having just downed a hard cider wa making me hear this song in some distorted way , but after reading everyones review , i now see it is not me on a buzz . this song is just horrible . it is off-key , the vocalist can not carry a tune in a bucket , and is that the sound of cat fighting in the background ? a frank barone from everybody love raymond used to say , hooooly crap . thank god it is free and i could hit cancel on the download .
1	for lover of david arkenstone and others on the windham hill label , this album is a keeper . very relaxing and peaceful , while not putting you to sleep . i love to work late at night and this music is great for that .
1	for my mp3 player
0	it a great song but the quality of the file is low . it not even 128bit . sound like it wa recorded on audio tape
0	re-recordings . not the original release .
1	even though the track promise that this is disco , it is really not . it is bright and shiny tech-house . if it is disco you want , ian pooleys hyperdisco remix brings in the appropriate bass riff . dave angel take his own remix funkier but no le shiny . wax doctor , not surprisingly , let the atmospheric dnb blow over the track like a warm breeze . still no disco , but that is fine .
0	so . now you do not pay to download an actual file , you pay to listen to one song at a time in yet another music playing app ? i already pay for spotify , i only wanted an mp3 to make into a ringtone . this is 100 % useless to me .
1	great song and i am an 80 metalhead . that is saying something .
1	i bought this album because i like the god bless the child track . i have been a fan of joe augustine for several year . will buy more .
0	this version of the song doe not sound quite right to me . make sure you listen to it perhaps in itunes which ha a longer sample time to make sure it is the one you want .
1	love this song !
0	what is wrong with record company these day ? everytime you turn around there is yet another greatest hit , ultimate , essential , box set or whatever hit package that basically consist of all the same song , give or take one or two exception . this hit package is no different . amy fan , you already have all this - there is no need to buy it . what is up with amy anyway ? what audience is she trying to speak to ? her old christian audience , pop audience , adult comtemporaray audience , all of them ? she is all over the place . i think everyone is kinda over it . she ha a great career - nothing to be dissapointed with . it is just time to retire . for example - i dindt even know this wa released . never heard anything about it . it wa never promoted - probably because there is nothing to promote .
1	this album is amazing . i have been a tough sell lately on new music - especially on first listen throughs . but i wa instantly hooked . if you like zaba , you will like this . it is different , but in a good way .
1	jonathan sprout performed at my school when i wa six , and my mother bought me a cassette tape of on the radio . i listened to that tape until it finally broke after year and year of rewinding and replaying , so i wa delighted to come across the digital version of this album on amazon .
0	no banjo . i wa simply disappointed by the overall sound . i loved mumfords first album , and thought the second one wa just a good if not better . i wa very excited to receive this cd the first day it came out , but after listening to it three time end to end , i felt bored . after the first week , i accidentally left it in the cd player of my rental car when i returned it , and made no effort to retrieve it . i hold out hope that the group make a 4th album and move back toward the sound that made the original two cd so terrific .
1	two icon making great music together .
0	100 % agree with other reviewer , these mp3s are censored and should be labeled a such
1	this is ideal music for easy listening . it play well a background , or for intent listening . eleanor mccain ha a beautiful voice that she employ well . her song are well-chosen & have depth & meaning . fortunately , she doe not try to showcase her entire range in each song , like some other talented singer such a celine dion , whitney houston & mariah carey . this make eleanor far more pallitable for extended listening . she outshines almost all other female vocalist . her cd are hard to find , so if you see one , buy it . you will not regret it ! i would love to see more from this artist , including original work !
0	not the best song she ha done ! you got ta love the ministry to really enjoy this song . maybe there is more to come !
1	love it !
0	i wa big tyme disappointed by this album . bluntly speaking , it is a major deviation from the stylistic sound that characterize single western way or killing time , or waisters and melted on the blunted cd . if you like the creamed over jazzy trip hop track of the other single , then stop searching for this cd right now . this cd is straight commercial and the style is done already . if you want to hear the sound on this cd in a better presentation you would be better served to pick up some old soul ii soul . i heard killing time on a community channel on cable . it wa being broadcast by a radio station . this song by itself , put me on the trail of trip hop . a journey that took me through massive attack , portished , craig armstrong , tricky , and others to arrive at a full cd by coco and the bean that is just a huge let down . seriously disappointed with the current direction .
0	this is only relevant for the vinyl version . this is about the piece of plastic itself , not the music . i am a very big panic ! fan . once i saw brendon tweeted about this , i preordered it . i received it on the day of the release , april 1 , all good . only today i got to listen to it . 1. it is all just a tiny-bit too high pitched . playing it in sync next to a digital version of the same song you can hear it , and even without . 2. first time i played it , and i swear i watched this thing like a hawk and cared for it like it wa my child , there is a lot of jumping in victorious and do not threaten me with a good time .
1	love it . play it over and over
0	the mp # version ha a nasty skip in voldomiro - the first track !
0	it is an okay song , but the whole reason i downloaded it , wa i wa looking for a kelli glover song . maybe she is in the background , but not worth the $ .99 . sorry folk . i wish kelli would put up a website and let u download some song of hers . she can sing .
1	great song !
1	great song
0	i listened to the preview and i find it kind of annoying that this is even listed with all of these musical piece .
1	i stated listening to the jackson 5 when they first hit the radio station coming out of chicago . when michael started is solo career i always stayed up with his music which a far a im concerned is the greatest entertainer ever
1	i love these song !
0	the killer were one of the hot band out there . they caught most people with their bombastic , overly-stylish music , they also made a lot of enemy making their style over substance music . musically their style ha not changed much , but their attitude ha changed greatly for their own demise . the killer tried to show their depth to win some more fan , but in doing this they showed that nothing wa there . the lyric come off a weird ( in a bad way ) and stupid ; plus , the sound of flower voice doesnt fit the song at all . the illusion and wit wa better than nothing ( plain stupidity ) , and while this album may be slightly deeper , it is not an improvement . i had thought that the killer should drop flower and now i truly believe that . his voice is like a honking seal that hurt the ear and this album doesnt play to his carefree bombastic style that make him sound ok. the killer could not sucessfully change from a glam-rock band to something deeper and flower is one of the main problem ( i would hate to see him live ) . in doing this they have not improved their music and have lost fan . fyi - i wa not in love with their first album , so this ha nothing to with expectation . and i did not hate their last album , so i am not solely a killer basher . overall - 4/10 , i pronounce the killer dead . wait ! it seem some still think the are the best thing ever ( you know you are in love if you like flower voice ) . p.s . while the song when you were young is pretty good , it is by far the best song on the album and yes it is fairly stupid .
0	prime music is worthless . i am not renewing next year since i can not download prime song for free to my computer . i paid for this , tutorial say you can download song to your pc , but your s * app will not let me . and on top of this , i hate this song .
1	great song
0	seriously another generic radio rock band that fall in the theory of a deaman my darkest day popevil buckcherry just straight up generic rock that sound like bon jovi meet nickelback that will be in roatation at rock station for the next 3 month then no one will remember who this band is seriously can we be a little more originally please !
0	the cd wa just okay . i am from chicago and i love house music but this wa kinda lame . a lot of the song sound alike but the bass is booming ! i am a dancer and i can only use about 3 of the 12 track . i am glad it did not cost a lot .
1	great song !
1	excellent
1	reminiscent of jack nicholsons line in the 1997 film a good a it get , you make me wan na be a better man , this song embodies what a woman want in a relationship . from the opening note , you will be sucked into the melody and simple lyric that comprise wan na make you love me and will be left humming the tune all day . although this song is not written by gibson himself , it doe expose music lover to his rich vocal that tickle your ear drum . stay tuned for gibson next single ( written by gibson himself ) summer back set to be released this month .
0	not really the song . generic . so disappointing in this purchase
1	this concept and music/dvd combo is one of the coolest thing ever ! the music is phenominal ( who would have expected le ? ) and the live/acoustic and cd/dvd package is an off the chart idea . in a day and age where people frequently fail to deliver , hat off to shinedown for coming through in a major way !
0	volume is low when put in a mall radio .
1	while the use of something other than xylophone and toy piano in a few track took me back to dylan juda moment , i still recommend this wonderful series . my baby fell asleep within 20 minute of first firing it up , and hopefully ha planted some subliminal love for the pixy to share with me in the future . the stone one is good too . but mike , please remove the electric from monkey go to heaven , for u purist .
1	danceable .
0	it bother me that the name last in line is used here . i remember seeing an interview of the newest ( at the time ) leppard making devil horn and mocking his former bos . sure we are entitled to forgiveness , but it bother me ronnie went to his grave despising vc and here he is trying to reclaim a piece of former glory . after rjd ha passed no le . onto the music . the vocal are merely adequate and border on generic/nondescript and while some of the song are decent they never rise above his lack of range and fire . he reminds of a better contestant on american idol . vivian of coarse rock but i question the bland guitar amp sound , just doe not have any punch . everything else is just by the number . for a band that ha taken such an amazing album and title a it name sake they just do not even begin to break new ground , do nothing special with it , and just generally disappoints on every level ronnie excelled in . this time they called in vocalist andrew freeman , a guy who ha the vocal power to complete the original powerhouse sound of the dio band . what a joke .
1	great cd
0	no one need evil
0	love this song , but wa very disappointed in how soft the background vocal are . hard to achieve a good blend .
0	dear fireflight , please release electro-pop under another name or a side project . this will , i believe , alienate your current fan , i know it ha me . if i wanted christian katy perry , then i would listen to , uh , old katy perry .
1	beautiful
1	good song , love her voice , love the beat put me in a good mood , i downloaded immediately after i heard the song on the radio .
1	i wanted more of their debut album and got it . oh , of course it is not just rehash , but it is more of -and improvement on- their excellent sound , voice , beat , lyric . loved it upon first listen .
0	i only heard 1 song off the album but sometimes i wait i do not want something i cant give back , i like to give but i do not want to give back better save your money , i heard a song i did not like , i only heard 1 song off the album , better save your money
0	there seems to be a concerted effort by a number of fan to boost the rating of this cd by posting glowing review , so it is going to be slightly more challenging to decipher what is a genuinely great review and one coming from a fan who would give 5 * to a recording of groban reading the telephone directory . i also presume , therefore , that any review that are not favourable will come with a 2/17 people found this review of use attached . all i can say is that if you are considering purchasing this cd , are not a self-confessed music starved groban fan who is just happy to hear new music after several year , and if you have access to listen to it via a streaming service - take the opportunity to listen to it first before buying it . the mixed review really do indicate that this album is polarising listener and fan , not least because the greater abundance of falsetto that ha crept in . you may enjoy it , but i would try before you buy first . my own personal thought - i will freely admit that i wa never a serious fan of the early work groban did with david foster and i do not view this a a foster v rubin thing , so this is not a hankering for a return to the older style recording . in fact , i wa eagerly anticipating this album based on what groban had said about changing direction . he had actively played that up in interview and the choice of working with rick rubin seemed to indicate this , a did his live version of changing colour which i really do enjoy a great deal and listen to often . however , i do not feel that he is done that . and yet , at the same time , i think he is charged off in many different direction . i just do not know what to make of this album , even after forcing myself to listen to it for a dozen time or so when i would rather have left it alone . i am aware that some album require work to grow on you , hence i wanted to give it a chance , but this is not happening . sadly it is the opposite effect and every time i listen , there is a reinforcement of why i do not enjoy it and can not face listening to some of the track . the nick cave cover ? massive orchestral arrangement . an italian song ? massive orchestral arrangement . london hymn ? i am expecting to hear it booming out of westminster abbey any time soon and terrifying me with shock . interspersed with song that are , i presume , the stripped-down sound groban wa hoping to achieve . to me , it just doe not flow or have any coherence a an album . i just feel that it is trying to be so many different thing , and in doing so it unfortunately miss the mark . i find the lyric at time to be simplistic and a bad stereotype of what love is often written a ; i honestly believe that groban , judging from awakes february song , can express a far greater depth of emotion than he doe here . some of the harsher remark regarding the reaction of laughter at some lyric that are expressed in some review are , i probably can guess , even holding back on saying what they really want to because they have a great respect for groban and are concerned with being skewered like a kebab by fan . having said that , i certainly do remain a fan and hope he continues to grow a an artist and experiment musically - even if it sometimes miss the mark . i can not face giving this one star , because i do not want to relegate it to that level and i genuinely do applaud artist for attempting to push their own boundary . but i wish i would have waited before ordering the cd - like another reviewer , i can not cancel the order winging it way over the atlantic . sadly it is staying in the packaging , to be gifted to someone that i am probably not that close to . edited to add - i have noticed some commenting regarding what i said about fan posting positive review because of a perceived backlash to the album . my comment came a a result of a thread on his official board , [ . ] , entitled be sure to leave a 4 or 5 star review on amazon.com . the cd could use them . i merely think that people who are not fan , and who are wanting to spend their money on listening to what could be a new artist to them , should hear a balance of opinion . jg fan have ( rightly or wrongly ) a reputation a being aggressively protective towards him , and whilst all the positive review are very clearly not aimed at merely boosting the rating of this album , many of them explaining very honestly and in detail what they like about the music - that thread wa sent a a link to many fan , and a such it could have an impact on here . i think it is only fair to point that out and people can then decide for themselves .
1	great album for the linkin park fan .
0	the two song i really wanted to hear are not on it ; what a waste of money ; is the other music good ? sure , but the missing song make it a big disappointment .
1	it is great , i love the whole cd
0	loved his songwriting his voice real strong excellent country music highly recommend this alum have recently bought two more album of his from amz
1	brilliant ! i have not seen the show ( hope to , some day ) but the music alone is phenomenonal !
0	on this cd you will only find side a of the original album skin diver suite , side b is not included . too bad . plus : it is taken from vinyl , not from the mastertape . i guess for this price you could expect a little more than an incomplete vinyl rip .
1	this is a great song that effectively satirizes maudlin garbage like the christmas shoe . if your fed up with a steady stream of artificial christmas cheer , and need something different , this song might be good for you .
1	excellent !
1	the disc came shortly after i ordered it , and ha been very impressive ever since . this young british maestro definitely ha this score well under his skin . the vienna philharmonic play splendedly , especially the lovely ending in the final movement .
1	this might be the best product big bad voodoo daddy ha ever released . every song is fantastic . in this cd they mixed new orleans style jazz with big band to create a fantastic set that , though it is clearly big bad voodoo daddy , give it a fresh sound . the lyric are creative and the instrumentals are wonderful . in addition , the duet it only took a kiss is gorgeous . i had vision of fred astaire and ginger rogers dancing during it .
1	awesome
0	if you want conscious breathing exercise , i would rate this a 5. great for someone with asthma or other breathing issue . each step is breathing between different point of the body from eye brow to finger to toe . the problem i had with sleeping wa long pause between vocal instruction distracting pulling the focus to another place . i bought the cd to get further into conscious deep sleep . i had the reverse effect . however , a an aid in the morning getting oxygen moving through the body , the meditation doe work . i feel refreshed yet energized .
0	bob dylan should know better - he no longer ha a voice . moral of the story - do not get old and think you can still sing . this also applies to harry nilson , paul mccartney , etc .
0	i had watched the season that jordin wa on in american idol . i had heard this song on the radio ( probably too much ? ) and decided to download today based on a snippet i heard today . i have to say i like the song , but the ending is really [ . ] . of course now given the whole chris brown thing it make me feel disgusted about him in general , but really this song is a sappy love song and the ending is nothing but them shouting out random chord and overly emotional note that seem to compete more and more with each other the longer it go along to prove they have singing ability . and it seems to go along tooooo long . i know you can both sing . modern day air supply . blech . but might appeal to a lot of people . just not me . just my opinion : )
0	wrong cd in case . case cracked . high price .
0	i understand this song is supposed to be all political and deep and whatnot , but her voice and the sound of this song altogether make me want to stick a screwdriver into my eardrum so that i never have to listen to one second of this song ever again for a long a i live . i am very diverse in my music taste but i hate this song , i really think this is the worst song ever to be released in the history of time .
1	good
1	i love this song and it wasnt available on itunes ! amazon had it and for cheap
0	let me say first i am a big james taylor fan . but this cd just suck . the music is great a usual , . but the lyric will lose you . there are two song on this cd that are ok , . but just ok. they are far afghanistan and maybe you and i again . the rest of the lyric are just hogwash . they are word of a man reminiscing about nothing in particular and everything in general and trying to make sense of it all . erg : ay caramba , one note samba , la la la la bamba .. or jolly springtime , oh the jolly springtime , in the merry month of may , oh the heavenly hour , oh the come again day . or the bird is on the wing , the bell is about to ring , the big girl she is about to sing , today , today , today . the opening song today , today , today is a horribly conceived song , . infantile rhyming pattern , melodyless monotone and very annoying nasal singing . perhaps brilliant artist like james taylor just lose their creativity and spontaneity a they grow older and are not able to focus on simple storytelling anymore . i do not know , . but i had to listen to this cd 4 time before i realized i had no idea what the hell he wa talking about .
0	this title is mangled - disco beat , sputtering word that are incomprehesible , then dead silence .
1	the best cd i have ever had
1	this song is actually pretty clean and ha a great catchy rhythm . you may have heard it is cover in pitch perfect .
1	i have listened to this album probably 5 time since this morning . i have been a long time volbeat fan . these guy bring it all to the table with this album . trust me . get it ! now !
0	i did not realize that i had this song available to me until i saw it in the list of item that i supposedly bought and then when i read the other review and found out it is a free download i decided to listen to it . i listened for about 20 second , clicked it off and laughed out loud at how amateurish and awful this song is . yes , that is why it is free !
0	boring
1	i do not know why this song wasnt a bigger hit . it ha always been one of my favorite . it is very evocative .
0	crap for idiot
0	alright , this song is actually so horrible that i could not help myself from writing a review . it consists of minimal beat on an mpc that a 5 year old most likely did . the most annoying part of the song is the repeated you do not know ! that play over and over again to imply the listener did not hear it the first 3 time . the final you do not know ! end with a horrible pitch shift downward due to a very inexperienced singer . do not throw away your money , and if it is on the radio change the station !
1	i liked this song when i first heard it on the loud speaker at the gym , while i wa working out with weight .
0	disc 2 wa not stopping at all it played for 6 hour over and over
1	just about everything this man writes is better than the last .
0	there wa not enough info to convert file for play on win medium player . could not find file on my computer
1	another great song by matthew west ! this song can reach so many people , because everyone ha felt regret and despair .
1	i decided to buy this mp3 download after hearing too close on different commercial and researching alex clare . he is an interesting person with a unique , soulful voice and i figured that this album would not disappoint . this ha been one of the best album that i have ever purchased to date . every song is different but exceptional too , especially hand are clever . hummingbird us a heart-beat like base for the rhythm of the song and pair this beat with a pop-like upbeat chorus , whereas up all night is a rock anthem to evening activity . there is something no this album/cd for every individual and if you purchase this download at $ 5.99 ( which is a steal ) , you will not be disappointed . i promise .
1	my husband loved it !
0	well , keysha cole is a well loved and respected artist , however , if you like her cd then you will love the real woman to woman which is a book dedicated to woman from all walk of life . this is not a book to shove religion down anyones throat , it is a book of encouragement and strategy for the everyday woman to conquer everyday problems/issues woman face . here is the link & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/woman-to-woman-spiritual-strategies-for-the-everyday-woman/dp/1484096304/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > woman to woman spiritual strategy for the everyday woman < /a >
0	another balcony sacrifice . they should be ashamed of themselves
0	why would anyone want to listen to this absolute trash ha everyone been brainwashed by this hideous creature i cant seem to understand ?
1	heard it in a movie , and wanted it . it wa hard to find online , but amazon had it for a cheap price , very happy with this track .
0	< div id=video-block-r2q1hsk6n5y27p class=a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block > < /div > < input type=hidden name= value=https : / images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/i/91gkwlnotms.mp4 class=video-url > < input type=hidden name= value=https : / images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/i/71z3r61u5hs.png class=video-slate-img-url > & nbsp ; beautiful record and came new in packaging , however , it started skipping the very first time i used it . very disappointing
1	this is not the classic tsfh that everyone is used to . this is not along of the line of invincible or archangel . this is pure evil coming from thomas bergersen and nick pheonix . some of the song are downright painful to listen to , but they are still fascinating to listen to . most of the music in this album come from their first few collection , such a shadow and nightmare , ash , and dynasty . there is a much , much darker , evil , grating sound . it is the kind of sound you would expect from an outstanding horror movie . for whatever reason , the song to die on halloween is hand down , the creepiest song in this whole album . it ha a very light , almost fun bounce to it , but the lyric are downright horrifying . chop off a limb . batter and bake , what do we get from the light of the sun ? a nasty burn now is not that fun ? it would be like barney brutally murdering all of his kid . it is just fantastically brilliant .
0	if it were not so badly warped it would be fantastic . maybe if you are lucky and get another batch . . .
0	i am a big van halen fan . but . this live album is a lttle too late . dave , dave , dave . wassup ? he had it together for the initial reunion tour , but seems to have fallen back into that lounge lizard act that eventually sunk his solo career . he no longer seems interested in singing the lyric , but rather talking , and mumbling his way through them . although not 100 % . he still ha the chop if he chooses to use them . his very recent foo fighter appearance singing panama , show he can do better . but let spread some of the blame around . it is been a long time since i heard any live album recorded/mixed this badly . i swear it sound like an audience shot cellphone vid with the sound ripped off it . it is just atrocious ! everything is just muddled together , and blurry sounding . i am aware live is live , but what ? no mixing board at that venue ? no effort to clean it up or separate track in the studio ? i am really surprised the band put their stamp of approval on this recording . a bad a the finally result , i think it may have been way better with decent recording/mixing . after rumor of a new recording baring no fruit , i think this wa just slapped together with little effort , just to get something out there . sloppy effort by all involved . i am still looking for good quality sound/video recording of the initial reunion tour . this one aint gon na cut it . sorry .
0	well in short , not good at all , not my chemical romance style , if they felt like getting back to the basic at least go back to decent music like three cheer .
1	this song is the reason that we , in the u , know who adele is . great lyric , great music , great adele .
1	love this song !
1	lovely cd , calming and relaxing music .
0	very disappointed in this version and not worth the money look for a more traditional rendition of this song song
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until i started writing review for other purchase ! ugghhhh ! 2 other cd this same comment . damn ! since i do not remember them i most likely do not have a copy of the original order , where it wa supposed to come from and too late to get the item or be refunded ! ugghhhh !
0	this is not the ep version . : (
1	just what i needed to get into the spirit of the holiday . absolutely love it . so nice and mellow . highly recommended .
0	it is a pretty song , with great vocal , but i am not sure about the lyrics/message . once i downloaded and listened to it in it is entirety i wa displeased- sound rather morbid to me . not a great choice for a christmas song . sure it ha a christmas-y sound , but if you really listen , it is not about anything to do with christmas . is it just me , or do the selection this year seem kind of lousy thus far ? i really enjoyed this 25 day of free downloads advent-type calendar last year . i looked forward to getting up every day to download the latest . it made for a great collection of christmas song , arrangement i wa not familiar with . this year is disappointing by comparison .
1	i love her music . it contemporary gospel and this song just touched my heart the first time i heard it on the radio . worth the purchase .
0	perv .
1	love every aspect of this ! great film ! great soundtrack ! top notch stuff . if you have not seen or heard this , your missing out !
0	i do not hate the music , i bought this piece because i loved it for year , and wanted to hear it reformatted . but the recording i purchased is somehow scrambled , like different track are playing out of order in some place . not what i remembered at all ! i hope amazon can fix it .
1	love this song . it is truly magic ! my fave coldplay song in a while . looking forward to the rest of the album .
1	i listen to the mp3s for enjoyment but also for training purpose on the guitar . so it go without saying that quality is paramount .
0	the cd did not play . i purchased volume 1 and volume 2 but volume 2 doe not play and the paper and receipt were not saved . highly disappointed .
0	when i purchased this product it would not download . i could get no help from amazon . it wasnt worth pursuing it for 99 cent .
0	this is the worst description on the south i have ever heard my recommendation to any true southern is do not by this disgusting garbage i can not package it up fast enough to get it out of my house .
1	the shock is still wearing off about dolores oriordans passing . my daughter wa devastated when i told her the news- she always wanted to see the band live . and this song- it wa both our favorite cranberry song . the song haunted my dream the night she passed . my daughter and i both love the way dolores sang . she wa obviously proud of her heritage and never tried to hide her accent in her song , and her voice played a big part in giving the band their signature sound . if you have never heard a cranberry record- this is probably the one to introduce yourself to their sound .
1	mc flepp ( roman flepp ) from liricas analas rap in romansh ( sursilvan ? ) and graubnden swiss-german . i am not a romansh speaker . i will say i am a student of german so i find it really cool whenever i can make out small bit of the swiss-german : ) . i think romansh is a very lovely , musical language , very pleasing to the ear , and flepp work wonder with his mothertongue . the beat are planned really well , flepp ha a voice that ( imho ) is perfect for his music , and every track on this album is laid out with sensibility . he go through a lot of different style , from mellow to jazzy . very refreshing . guest include liricas analas on mettavon and mc spoon on musica .
0	absolutely no information about how to improve your emotional intelligence . an endless dialogue promoting an emotional intelligence course and stating really obvious reason why we need it , for exampl , e because of violent behaviour and condition like eating disorder . a complete and utter waste of money and time . this depressing and boring diatribe may in fact lower your emotional intelligence , but will certainly line the pocket of daniel goleman . do not waste your money on this no-help-whatsover book .
1	my own personal misgiving with this album upon listening - and miss evancho is just blessed with the voice of an absolute angel - is that in my book , little girl can not be taken seriously with any comfort when they sing of thing beyond their scope of experience . not that i would want an album of tune about pony and rainbow and girl scout cookie sale . but when a barely-teenaged kid sings the word love in any context other than discussion of her stuffed animal collection , i get a bit of the heebie-jeebies .
1	loving this song so much
0	i have been a xtina fan since her genie in a bottle day . i wa a teen when she first came out so i kinda feel like i have grown up with her music . first off , her voice is absolutely amazing . some people may not consider her iconic but her voice is one in a million . most people that came up around christinas time do not even compare in vocal range . she had such a big voice for a pop star who did not get a chance to really show off her skill or her real personality with her first album . but stripped wa a chance for her to show the world what she could do on her own term and in her own word . stripped is my absolute favorite album of all time . she sang from the heart and great experience . she took u on a journey of finding her own voice ( in the figurative and literal sense ) , writing her own song , and working with the people she wanted to work with . teaming up with scott storch wa one of the best thing she is ever done career wise . i do not know what happened between them , but she ha not been the same xtina i fell in love with on stripped . though back to basic wa successful and i did enjoy her double disced work ; it did not quite catch the essence of strippeds christina . bionic wa a huge fail , even though she had a couple of great song on it that got overshadowed by truly horrible pop song . lotus wa an even bigger fail that made me wonder if christinas reign wa up after stripped . there may be a couple of song i could tolerate on this album which is why i gave it 2 star but they are nowhere near memorable . it really suck because xtina is a truly talented individual . but either she need to retire from music or get it together .
1	great
0	this ha to be the worst holiday song ever made . i can not believe anyone would actually pay for this . i would not even download it for free .
1	they just do not make song like this anymore . very good song . recived in great condition .
0	i bought this album after seeing the band electrifying performance on the clapton 2010 crossroad video and then , being unfamiliar with the band , went through the review here to try to find the best album . i do not agree that this is 4 or 5 star material or performance . the song , except for the mostly instrumental one , are rather ordinary and even those do not sizzle ( like the live performance on crossroad . ) and the production quality is not great either- you can not really hear him matching his voice to the guitar when he doe that . after two run-through , this will go in the heap of cd that i had great hope for but never listen to . great player , but mediocre songwriter : probably explains lack of more widespread popularity and playing at smaller venue .
1	love it ! jill at her best .
1	michael john poirier ha a soothing voice that match his sublime lyric . i love two song on this album especially : forgiven and the maiden and the messenger . forgiven is a beautiful duet between michael john and a young girl who ha an angelic voice . i actually may have been one of the first people to ever hear the maiden and the messenger . michael john played it for me in a chapel after he wrote it , asking what i thought of the song . i loved it the first time i heard it and have loved it ever since . the refrain is something that will stay with you always if you hear it . i still find myself singing that refrain in the back of my head . the album is worth it for just these two song . the art on the cover reflects the blood and water that flowed from the heart of christ- drawn by a mutual friend .
1	artist all the time do remake of some of the classic . sometimes they take on song that shoe are too big to fill so to speak . but in this instance chris brown did it justice and then some .
0	misleading name- the name of this song should be changed . putting ( basement tape ) on it is not sufficient to distinguish it from the famous version . a real disappointment when looking for the popular version .
0	could not get it to play . tried on every player i could find .
0	not a fan . skip this song each time .
1	always love to listen to waylon and jessi .
1	what can i say , a massively favorite song . to get the favorite recording of this i had to purchase instead of use amazon prime streaming , but . it lead my mellowing out playlist . it also is that song from the famous volvo split commercial .
0	lucinda williams , the finest songwriter of the century , need to return to the great song she wrote in the beginning of her career . the only song on west that i really liked wa west . i will continue to buy all her album anyway , i think she is great !
0	there is no question that jennifer lopez ha been a lot of the news lately , and not for her music . it ha been for her work with american idol , and for her marriage to marc anthony ending in a sour split . but for her latest single , she want to try and recapture whom she wa a singer before , and fails to do it on papi , the third single from her album love ? the song is not really a driven a some of her other dance song from before in her career . in fact , hearing it now , feel like a weak kitten than a striking and strong tiger . good luck to jennifer on her other project , but love ? wasnt really feeling the love at all , with the exception of on the floor . song : d
1	i am a little late to join the party when it come to this artist , but wanted to buy his cd after seeing the video for thinking out loud on youtube ( i did not realize it had been played to death on the radio according to friend ) i love the cd . it is awesome to find an artist that actually play real instrument , writes their own music , with lyric that actually convey human emotion . wonder never cease .
0	what is it with this guy ? will he ever have the gut to release another album without a greatest hit package tagged onto this new material . this guy for 10 year ha re-released the same old music ! the one time he did not with a $ 70 million budget , invincible only sold 2 million copy in the usa . even though his $ 70 million budget wa directed to only marketing in the usa . why doe not everyone go to cnet.com , go to the downloads section & get yourself a free mp3 cd ripper ! then get jackson first 4 solo album or really any of his album , make copy of them & then burn your own cd of your own personal choice of song ! that in a nutshell is what michael jackson ha done for 10 year ! he know his new stuff cant stand on it own so then we need greatest hit package tagged on or just release : box set , number one , etc , etc . i have never seen another guy live off his past more then him ! word to the wise , get yourself a free mp3/cd ripper , rip your already owned old material and make your own cd with different selection . because that is all he is doing !
1	great song !
0	this is cute but very small . do not think it is worth the price . it is very soft . doe not seem to keep kid intrigued
1	. then you will love this . if you enjoy autotunes and song about being an independant woman who married for status , then what are you doing here ?
0	never received it ! had previous review for other song but only noticed 17 at that time . now i see all these . just copy and paste the other review for everything cuz same comment apply : - ( - had forgotten i even ordered this until i started writing review for other purchase ! ugghhhh ! other song this same comment . damn ! since i do not remember them i most likely do not have a copy of the original order , where it wa supposed to come from and too late to get the item or be refunded ! ugghhhh ! close to $ 100 worth of music never received !
0	i wa out christmas shopping today and the store i wa in wa playing this cd in the background . when i went to purchase my item i heard the store manager talking with a worker standing behind me . the manager asked what music they were playing and the worker responded the new jessica simpson christmas cd . i heard the manager then reply can you please stop the music , it is scaring the customer and it is really bad for business . i wa so enthralled and fascinated at this point i had to find out why the store manager made that comment and why she wa so insistant that they cut the cd off . i went online later and listened to happy christmas and found out myself why . it wa truely awful . i am sorry i do not want to hear jessica simpson singing christmas carol when it sound like she needed to blow her nose every song . jessica simpson is just a strange creature . why doe she continue to make music ? it really tell me something when there is only 12 review on here . plus she date athlete . creepy .
1	this brings me back to my younger year - my college day when ll wa still my boo : - ) i have grown up since then but i still love this song .
1	great song
1	awsome song !
0	i did not want to use the credit card that got charged and it appears there is not process to change it after or during the purchase .
1	loved every song
0	it ok
0	once i would downloaded this song , i felt deceived by the sample clip available here . cincotti definitely ha potential , but he ruined what couldve been a beautiful song by trying to sing high note that were beyond his range . he sounded rather screechy . the title track wa also somewhat misleading , because it led me to expect a slow , tender seduction song , not a sad one . i do think peter could do really well if he learned to work within his vocal range and select better material to sing .
1	great worship song
1	great mid-tempo song . make me smile . great for workout , long drive , etc . brings you up . would like more of the same .
1	zipper catch skin wa far better than many of the reviewer here seem to think . if you are stuck in the early 70s-or bust mentality of cooper-fandom , then this album is not for you . but zcs is strong from beggining to end , with catchy tune and interesting lyric which at time border on the hilarious . adaptable , i like girl , remarkably insincere , all rock and stay in your head long after you listen to them , mainly because of the lyric . this wa the third of a strong trilogy of alices 80 album , the others being flush the fashion and special force . all three , while they do not match most of his 70 album , deliver the hard rock good , while drifting away from alices horror persona in favour of alice the stand-up comic . it work . the one weak moment for me is the painful theme from the class of 1984 , i am the future , which should have tipped u off to what wa to come- namely the dreadful dada album .
0	oops , bought by mistake . do not waste your money
1	nice
1	a beautiful song , a hymn of earlier day , and who better to do it than fernando ortega ? the one-star review really should not be included a it is not a review of a song ordered on purpose , but rather an accident on someone part . this song deserves 5 star .
0	i downloaded this song based on the clip , without having any knowledge that there is a spoken-word ending that contains a racial slur . the spoken word portion ha a good point that i agree with overall , but it render this song unplayable in my household . i wish i could return an mp3 . i am utterly , utterly furious that this did not contain an expletive warning . i now have serious doubt about downloading other song from amazon without being able to preview them in their entirety .
1	this song is beautiful beyond word .
1	posiblemente la cancin m famosa de don omar , el cantante bein conocido . hay que comprarlo ; esta versin e impresionante . el mejor de la versiones hoy .
1	this song is a sure thing for when you need a pick me up !
1	love it
0	not that bad of a tribute cd , but a for myself , i would really prefer to listen to the actual floyd lp . the moon revisited is basically nine different unknown artist that cover one track each of the famed dark side of the moon album . if you are a major , and i do mean major floyd nut , you may get more out of this cd than i did . the track the great gig in the sky about had me nearly cry for mercy , the woman vocalist just go on and on . to put it another way , the moon revisited is like a pink floyd cover band . tune like speak to me , brain damage and eclipse are okay , at best .
0	this song wa absolutely horrible ! it wa very distasteful and lacked structure . i do not recommend this song for anyone . in fact , if every cd nick lowe made exploded , i would not have a problem ! it is terrible . do not buy or get this song ! warning warning do not buy !
0	you will love it if you like transsexual rapping .
1	one of my son really wanted this song and think it is 5 star for sure !
0	the first two were great and they will have shelf life . this wa rushed out for christmas & anyone that gave it more tan 2stars must be related . bad review like this cost u money & make the artist believe they did something right < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/iron-man-ultimate-two-disc-edition-bd-live-blu-ray/dp/b001gapc1k/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > iron man ( ultimate two-disc edition + bd live ) [ blu-ray < /a > ]
1	this is an awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to the best song on this soundtrack are all of them . if you have not listened to this soundtrack then i recommend you do
1	this is not the princess music you would likely expect , it is better than that . it is world guitar music . it is very similar to a world music cd we have been using when putting out baby to sleep . this wa a good addition to change thing up a bit while still being soothing and calm . i did not give it 5 star because there are a few song where the guitar chord are sharp and a bit startling . this is fine to listen to when you are awake , but are not a soothing a i wouldve liked for falling asleep . i skip those song , the others are great . i loved the price on this , and it wa definitely worth it !
1	this is ep loosely based on love in different form . my favorite track on it is and then therell be a light . also feature crash , body , self-knowledge , dependence and corp d amour .
1	it wa what i wa after .
0	i am so disgusted with amazon this season . 1/3 of the christmas are offensive , explicit , and revolting , and it is not even a week into december . i saw that it wa lady gaga , so i wa wary at first , but i decided to give the preview a chance . light me up and put me on top ? really amazon , really ? christmas spirit includes carol , wintery atmosphere , giving , etc . not sexual innuendo . so disappointing , esp . after the first great song by casting crown .
1	meek mill traumatized hit too close to home a i have recently lost my mother and took over her position . polo and shell top also meant a lot to me .
1	i love this song and this artist his voice is amazing and i always enjoy anything by him . if your wanting some praise and worship in your life this is the song for you !
0	a many people may know by now , sony wa recently caught with egg on their face when a security specialist found out that a recently purchased cd ( van zant : get right with the man ) from sony music not only installed drm software ( digital right management , to limit and outright prevent copying music to certain device ) , but it did so in such a sneaky way that it hid itself entirely from window , and opened the system up to security issue such a virus . this cd ha the same copyright protection , called xcp . when installed , sony hijack your computer and installs custom software which : 1 ) hide itself entirely from window by installing a a rootkit 2 ) hide itself in such a manner that any file begining with $ sys $ are also hidden . for example , if you install the xcp copy protection software on your machine , and rename document.doc to $ sys $ document.doc it then becomes invivisble to you forever . 3 ) installs it own custom cd-rom driver to hijack your system . it also sneakily name these driver plug and play device manager to seem a if it is a part of window . trying to delete these driver manually will disable your cd-rom drive entirely . 4 ) offer no uninstall option until you manually contact sony a of my writing this review , sony ha apologized for this incident , and claim they will re-evaluate this copyright protection software on their cd in the future . in the meantime , a virus is currently running wild , which name itself begining with $ sys $ in an attempt to hide from the user and virus scanner . several class action lawsuit are also pending against sony right now . in summary , a you can tell from above , sonys action here are absolutely horrible . this is your music . you purchased it , and they should not have any right to dictate how you can use it , let alone install software which compromise your system security . this is one of the cd with sonys xcp copyright protection software on it , and a a result , you should not buy it to send a message to sony that this will not be tolerated in the future .
0	the cd stalled halfway through the first song . not satisfied !
0	music is great-it will not download to my phone ! ?
0	i need to quantify my review up front . in my dictionary , you look up the word music , class brass , professional , and you will see chicago . anyone who know me , know that chicago is , and ha been , my favourite group since dirt , hand down . the only other band closer is the beatles . i own every 331/3 album , and every cd , twice . my key chain say chicago . my refrigerator and front door ha chicago magnet inside and out . anything with the chicago logo on it get saved . need more proof of my loyalty ? this cd saddens this loyal fan to the point of heartache . i did not say anything when this group started re-issuing album and continuing to count them a progressive roman numeral issue , i figured they earned the right , plus they had to eat . despite the sad death of guitarist terry kath , the loss of drummer danny seraphine and bassist-singer peter cetera , this group really worked hard , both in the studio and at the concert venue to remain a vibrant part of the music scene . it is not easy to stay current for 40 year and please everyone . when the new guy came on the scene , you did not hear me speak ill of jason scheff for sounding like cetera . cetera wa gone , jeff wa in and that is that . i did not ever expect any one of chicago subsequent guitarist to sound like terry kath , and frankly , i did not want them to . even the drummer , tris imboden , wa musically right for the fit of this band , all of them bringing their own piece of continuing chicago talent into the fold . but folk , this is not right . chicago ha more talent than this . part of me want very hard to salute them for being there for 40 year , the other part say that i will not pay high ticket price to stand in a cold seattle rain to hear them play this music in concert . i can hear the same stuff on night and day , chicago 21 and all the christmas song that i have already bought year ago . i do not know , maybe i am just getting to old , but i think my sixteen year old is going to akin xxx to elevator music a well . if you have to have it , then buy it . if you are hard up for money , save it for food or something worthwhile . i know my mom said that if i did not have anything nice to say then i should not say anything , but i am not getting a warm fuzzy feeling hearing this one . usually i am stoked and can not wait to tell a friend . i may have to pull the shade and bolt the door and turn off the telephone . thank goodness i have 29 other chicago album to listen to . better luck next time fella . maybe there wa just too many cook in the kitchen ?
0	take some no-doze before you listen to this one .
0	lame , anyone who buy this is clearly an idiot . nigg * over and over and over to annoying craptastic beat . rap suck .
1	his father is known a high caliber musician , and his son is confirming the line of great and amazing artistic work . great cd for music collection . r .
1	i play this to help rock my baby to sleep and she must find it so calming because it work every time : )
0	first of all i admire and respect alvin and am sorrowed at his passing . this album wa not one of his best . the guitar work is weak and the song are very disjointed .
1	ballet teacher and their student will love this song . basic dance vocabulary and movement are suggested along with tutu and tiara . a remarkable resource for ballet teacher .
0	this wa a single cd and if i would have known that i would have not ever purchased it . thanks
0	i must have ordered this by mistake because i do not remember it . wa i supposed to download it or what ? i would like my money back please
1	excellent album
0	i bought this for my brother , and wa dumb enough to listen to it before i gave it too him . i have heard a thousand country song that say the same thing , just with different word . somebody stole my truck , some guy ran off with my girlfriend , somebody shot my dog , and i am too drunk to do anything about any of it . do not waste your time and money . just go listen to some 50 year old country music and speed up the beat a little . you will get the same result . tear in your beer .
1	maybe this album is not a good a rejoyce , but it is still great , i just love her !
1	memory of bygone day
0	not worth the purchase .
1	love the music ! great interesting , sound well
1	mix in well with other song in cardio workout . when you get a little winded this will help keep you up .
1	welcome back missy !
1	love it !
1	gorgeous music that go through your soul !
0	received wrong cd !
0	the file i downloaded wa corrupted . the amazon downloader would not allow a second try . i asked for and received a refund .
0	im sure because of the extensive time served by all or any of the member of this band , that they understand and have the right to depict military life during war . this song and it lyric are whimsical nonsense based on no real experience , and a shame to the troop especially those who have served in combat . per this band clearly troop in combat have no moral or self control , and were mostly just complacent killer .
1	carol of the bell is my favorite christmas song but with so many artist doing their own version of it i find it hard to pick a version that reminds me of my child hood . i think this version doe a very good job in that .
1	the unique voice of bonnie tyler combined with the emotional presentation of the song lyric combine to make this a timeless and classic favorite .
1	love it
0	one song that is listenable but they changed from it is original composition . shame .
1	love anything that elvis sings
1	i do notknow why , but i love this song .
1	the whole album ( cd , mp3 , etc . ) is awesome . spend some jack , get a real bargain , enjoy the sound . ken ooltewah , tennessee
0	great music obviously , but awful remastering - even worse than the 3cd chrome box . sound thin and tinny , like it is coming out of a transistor radio . the mighty chrome deserve better , but they will never get it a long a they are on cleopatra .
1	ahhh ! that sweet voice of anne murray , this lady pours her heart in to all of her song , an extremely pleasing voice for your listening pleasure , buy it youll be glad you did .
1	brilliant a always !
1	best alternative/pop-rock album of the last time . best parallel project by matt berninger of the national , and brent knopf of menomena .
0	ok
1	good quality sound and it wa the original . enjoyed listening to this - took me back a few year when i heard it on the radio .
1	i absolutely love this song which manages to be both depressing in a strangely end of the world kind of way and keep you interested
0	this is not music , it a cry for help . oh my gosh this is awful . not worth 1 star .
0	i always liked this song . i like the werewolf of london too . he is a great classic rock artist to listen to .
0	this album is trash , this band completely copy and try to be gun n rose of the 1985-1989 era with the leather , boot and aviator . the lead singer of faster pussy in one video try to be axl in jungle with the hair sprayed up and bengal bracelet and leather pant . dont buy this imposter junk , go get appetite for destruction by gnr and rock out . no one can ever be axl . the song try frail out too due to the rhythem guitar [ being bad ] . also the lyric try to be like brett michael of poison and [ are awful ] . rock on
1	here is another release from a band that had been dormant for year , so here is the verdict : monotheist is just pure greatness . i wa never a fan of the experimental side of celtic frost , and while there is some experimentation in here to a greater degree , it all work organically to achieve some scary result . the album is also full of slow , crushing riffing akin to their morbid tale debut , which make monotheist one of the heaviest experience you will ever come across . the song are lengthy and repetitious and that is what make them effective . while it is hard to classify this opus , it is safe to say that it is a doom metal album . there is a lot of stuff going on , it never get boring . listen deep into the music and you will find something new by each listen . tom vocal are harsh , brutal and mysterious , and the production is exceptional . great comeback album , i give my respect to frost for such a masterpiece . one of the best album of 2006 so far !
0	yikes ! i mean . yikes ! what the ? are they kidding ? is this some kind of weird joke ? i could not wait to place my order for this long awaited live vh album , and i could not have been more excited the day it arrived . i carefully unwrapped it and studied the cool packaging ( no band pic though - very odd ) and let it rip . oh my god . what were they thinking ? this is so freaking bad i think it just turned me off music - period . the drum are sloppy , the guitar are surprisingly sloppy too , the key are lagging behind the band , the bass is solid though , but please , please , please do not even ask about the vocal . this is not the band i know and love . regretfully , i absolutely hate this release .
0	while the package art is nice , i think that is about the best part of this disc . the best song are at the end of the disc , and the new vocalist is o.k. , but not a jon anderson . most of the song on the cd sound the same and feel monotonous . i have listened to this about a dozen time , thinking it would grow on me , but i just do not enjoy it .
1	it wa just what i wonted to the t. the sound wa great and the price wa ok . wish it wa buy one get one .
0	never heard this version before ! would have been nice to have been nice if l had been made aware that there wa various artist . this is not even the guy who wrote the song ( cohn ? or cohen ? ) even though llove the song l had to delete this version immediately ! waste of money
0	i for some reason do not like this song at all , i find it very annoying . how do i delete this song off my play list . lol
0	buyer beware , this is only a sample of the track . it is only a 20 second clip . not worth $ 1 !
0	bought this for a client
0	so i know there are two dirty word in the song and i wanted the clean version ( that you hear on the radio ) so i could listen to it even if my child pop into the room . but instead of using another word like the radio edit . this one us cartoon effect . very weird and just a you are getting into the song that pop up . wish i wouldnt have bought this one .
1	this is a great 1957 session by the jimmy smith trio and lou donaldson . a fine clollection of bebop & ballad that display excellent communication between these two giant + eddie mcfadden on guitar and donald bailey on drum . from the opening swinging salvo of soft wind to the closing track of early latin bebop in the form of cha-cha , this gem of an album is a not to be missed audio treat . once again , great & rare music like this is only available a an import-although now you can get it in the form of the box set jimmy smith : eighteen classic albums-which i purchased for about $ 20 . i am so glad that the market across the pond is making these classic session of jazz available & affordable for those who like timeless music such a this one by jos & papa lou-who still today blow circle around those much younger & more acclaimed ( by the critics/experts ) than he .
0	i would not download this piece of dung if they were giving away free digital downloads of it ! always hated this song . the other day , it wa being played at work and i felt like jumping out the window or at least leaving the building for a breath of fresh air .
0	i received the album and it looked great except for the dint in the sleeve and when i opened it it had a dint in the record !
1	love this song !
0	seriously ? no wonder black people laugh at u . i think it is time white people ( and all musician for that matter ) start bringing actual musician ( for the generation who may not know what that is , it is people with rhythm and who pick up these funny thing called instrument ) back into the recording studio . this synthesized stuff is too tacky for word . it give me elevator and walmart sense-memory . i do not even think this is good enough for a musak award .
0	i love the classic moonglows recording . so i wa delighted to see that i could purchase them on amazon and not have to take the time to digitize vinyl . oops - i downloaded i wa wrong and it wa completely not the original doo wop version of the song . this version ha a strong background track , it is highly produced , it is just off . this is just my taste , but the new version of the tune wa awful and not what i wa looking for at all . anyone interested in classic moonglows track should beware before buying these .
1	this is a very pleasant disc to listen to . excellent arrangement of many standard , each with an excellent combination of voice . well worhgt adding to your collection .
1	i love these techno version . dj doomsday , please make more of these song . god bless you . now i can dance and worship at the same time .
0	when it ha came down to rihanna , she honestly ha been the most overexposed artist of the past several year , where her voice ha lost it luster , and she really ha not stopped for herself . musically , she ha also wasted her spirit a well in her song . her latest song , diamond feel very choppy and her voice sound a bit too course . i really did not find the song to deliver , a some of her earlier song had . i really did not find it to drive into the soul of the voice . i definitely think rihanna need to take more time into her song , and not rush into making album after album , year after year . it really ha put a strain on her talent . talk that talk wa awful , and unapologetic is the same way . song : d-
0	i had to pay to listen to this song even tho i am a prime member and it is prime music !
0	very mediocre for a modest mouse album , isaac seems to have lost his touch , or his will to create masterpiece .
1	easy to learn and good song for a praise team , and a child choir get you blessing ! it great !
0	wack
1	liked it when i wa a kid . cool .her version of michael jackson . almost exact . now i am blown by it . she ha such a way about her . no wonder prince and quincy jones and whitney houston and all the rest admire her talent .
1	beautiful song by leonard cohen .
0	j. walsh said what i thought about this album . huey lewis and the news were a great pop-rock , new wave sounding band , they did more blue in the past , now they are trying their take on soul . this is not the huey lewis and the news we all love . huey please try to do another rock album before retiring , i think you can still do it .
0	poor sound track . these is a very loud drum in the background that distracts from the very good violin music . if the mixing wa better this would have been a fantastic track . unfortunately i did not hear the drum in the very short sample you hear when buying on amazon .
1	nice ! i play it when cleaning up the house ! nice blend of music ! some folk can relate to what i am talking about . : )
0	what happened
1	he is sings about the love he ha for jesus ! i have always loved his m music . i love this cd !
0	hello e.c . fan , just want to let fan know that this is not the full set . it is still missing the encore played that evening with nick lowe ! if they are going to re-release this yet again , it would have been nice to finally have the whole gig . just wanted to let people know , for an archive release that is a pretty shabby thing to do . besides the fact , that the encore are really fun and feature some rare tune . hey maybe for the super deluxe release next time . : )
0	this is one of the worse gospel compilation i have heard . this ha nothing to do with gospel . it is a mix-match of melody , poorly played .
1	easy and fast download
0	the 2014 remaster is terrible . like so much music remastered these day for mp3 player , it is completely oversaturated , so that the sound is compressed and distorted , and there is almost no dynamic range . the sound file look like a brick . this type of remaster is what give digital sound a bad name and make people long for vinyl . it is perfectly possible to make a great digital remaster , but this is not one of them . boo !
1	i love it . thanks . the cd arrived on time and wa a described
1	okay , i bought this for one one song . jesus savior , it s a great song and i love the message behind it . my family just sigh when i pull out my kindle and start to play the song on it . they know no matter the season that song will be played . haha
1	great . sound a i remember it .
1	i used to hear this song a lot on the radio the first year after it came out . it wa really good , but sadly airplay seemed to be almost nonexistent since then . i got this , because i had a $ 1 amazon mp3 credit awarded for a purchased cd . after skimming through a few other artist , i remembered this song and picked it up . the acoustic version is clearer and sound more energetic than the original , which is a noticeably good thing and i would recommend this track .
0	sorry but this album is by no stretch a quality record and the beat are horrific probably 20 % of the album good . i do not see why people are raving about this record because it is not even close to a new classic and iggy azalea lack greatness compared to other female rapper and being the face of t.i.s hustle gang she is garbage and yeah go ahead and call out that busta asap rocky cause their both wack .
1	why do not we see this chick on tv ? i have heard her only occasionally on the radio , and her rendition are so smooth and sentimental . so well-done that she should be way on top !
0	no heart , no feeling just strumming on his oud . i do not know what he wa improvising but it felt more like koord than hijaz
0	this cd length singe-track audio song is really just sound effect layered together to give the mood of a tropical jungle . i think it is south america or central america wildlife sound . generally , the audio is good and somewhat relaxing until the somewhere near the middle part of the track where a growl ( probably jaguar or leapord ) loudly punctuates the sequence . it is loud enough that the tranquility is shattered . once you know this is present in this recording , it becomes difficult to relax and enjoy listening to it again . imagine you knew someone wa going to yell in your ear at some random point within the next hour . now try to relax .
1	well packaged and good response . great quality , thanks !
0	after an adequate if a little bland debut album , i expected and anticipated great thing from lifehouse . although second album are known to be difficult , i beleived the band to have promise . how wrong wa i. there is not a single song on here that life up to the standard of any of those on no name face . it all highly irritating , mediocre and thoughroughly tuneless . i have a very varied taste in music and i do know a melody when it come my way , but there is no melody on this album worth writing about . i write this to stop others making the same mistake i did , and if you like lifehouse because of no name face , trust me stay away from this so you still have some love for the band . switchfoot , vertical horizon , jimmy eat world even the calling ( whose album i also think suffers from having only one good song on it but is still better than this drivel ) are in a class of their own when compared to lifehouse im afraid . spend your money and time elsewhere .
1	i thought this wa annoying at first-and it is . but it is much le annoying than most kid cd . it stand up to repeated play .
1	there are really only a few thing in life we can count on . one is that we will die . another is that motorhead is going to release a pulse pounding , heavy , jam filled album and once again , they do not disappoint at all . mikkey dee sound amazing and purely flawless on the drum while campbell play his guitar masterfully busting out memorable and furious solo . despite all the health problem lemmy ha had this year , he still sings powerfully and captivates with an angry , heavy snarling vocal performance . the song are a catchy a ever and shoot out all the light contains a great call and response section . motorhead have always been capable of busting out a great ballad and this doe not change with the infectious til the end . every song is a riveting and heavy performance by this trio and then we hit the grand finale , a cover of the rolling stone sympathy for the devil . not very many band could pull off a stone cover , but holy crap doe motorhead slay this song ! i wa smiling from ear to ear . lemmy doe not try to mimic jagger but instead put his own unique snarling spin on the vocal while phil play a couple of perfect solo to compliment dees tight and fluid drumming . this album is pretty much perfect and this band need a # 1 in the u.s. so i urge you , if you want some talented classic metal in your life , pick this album up .
0	i feel like a traitor saying this , but i will not be buying this set any time soon . i stand second-to-none in my affection for the band , but unfortunately , this career-spanning retrospective is seriously lacking in representation of the last 30 year of that recording career . by my count , there are only about five song on this set that were released after 1980. not good enough . capitol is not getting my money again until they come up with a beach boy compilation that is a whole lot heavier on newly-gathered song , and a whole lot lighter on the re-re-retreads .
1	oreskaband is a great third wave ska band . unlike most third wave ska band , they have a clear clean sound . they do not blend in other style of music like punk or metal . this is not similar to early ska or the two-tone era ska . it is too peppy and energetic . this album is good clean fun . i can not tell you what the song are about because i speak no japanese . there is only one song completely in english . most song are in japanese with a couple of line in english and a title in english . the only downside is that the album is only 22 minute long .
0	if one look at review for most album they are usually positive- even for some of the least regarded artist and album . i do not know how to account for that . it may be that in today market most people can preview an album before they buy it so they are not likely to end up with something they do not like , unlike in time past . i received this album a a gift . this group ha a unique sound for our current time and harks back to many musical tributary of american popular music- soul , r & b , rock . folk etc . like ccr in the late 60 they are staking out a musical territory that most artist ignore and for that alabama shake deserves credit and attention . this group also grab your attention in that it is a white band fronted by a black woman playing guitar- which is unusual , to be frank . this band ha a lot going for it and this album is very atmospheric , but unlike ccr this album is tuneless . in fact i found it drudgery trying to get through the whole thing for a listen- i have listened to it twice . not sure if i can do it one more time , but i will , because i always try to give something new a few listens to see if it will grow on me . i really want to like this group , but so far nothing attracts my ear or stick in my head . i will come back to update this review if it grows on me .
0	not a good listening song for the holiday . voice is too rough .
0	this wa a gift for my daughter for christmas , so i can not review this item
1	i wa at these show . to have a physical piece of history that i wa apart of is priceless . y & t never fails to put on a phenomenal show . they sound a good today a when i saw them in 85 .
1	this is a great song . worth having in your collection . fast and easy download . able to sample before you buy . i love this about amazon
0	this is not a piece of music . it is only used for tuning up an orchestra or instrument . unless you want to tune your musical instrument , do not download . all this is is a single tone , do not download .
1	excellent new music
1	great product
1	a wonderful story about a man trying to help a heartbroken girl he meet in a bar and try to start a conversation with
1	great worship this song is everything
1	i wa so happy to find this song for kindle fire . it downloaded easily into my itunes . absolutely love it .
0	i do not know what she is saying . the only reason i assume is because i do know the song silent night . now how do i delete it ?
1	i love everything she ha ever done . i periodically need to purchase a new cd to replace a scratched one .
1	okay , after using that annoying pun , allow me to elaborate a little bit : lee greenwood is one hell of a performer ! i have to admit , this is the first album of his i have bought ; and no , in case you are wondering , the inclusion of god bless the usa had no effect on my choosing to purchase this cd ( it did not hurt thing , though ) . i will get right to the album , save yall any more small talk . i wa expecting some more of greenwood songwriting ; after all , usa is a superbly written song . i wasnt expecting these sleek number from mainstream nasvhille songwriter . that is the bad thing . the good thing is , greenwood voice is rich and pure . he take these songs- absolutely meaningless and trivial in the hand of any other singer- and turn them into something memorable . most of em deal with love , of course ; it almost make me glad is a heartbreaker , while one life to love barely avoids the cliche and when a woman in love is a fun look at how woman feel when their heart get all fluttery ( at least , from a man perspective ) . rock that you can not move is about getting on with life through the hardship ; round here take a look at small town . and the new excellent , emotional version of god bless the usa is a patriotic and moving a ever . lee greenwood is not trying anything new here . this is territory that is been traversed before , to be sure . but his voice is unique ; his sense of timing and style is un-matched . aside from the excess photography ( not badly done , but unnecessary ) , this album is a musical gem . it may not be stronger than time , but it is definitely the album of the moment . so , to continue on with the cliche : seize the moment , and along with it , lee greenwood stronger than time !
1	i love this song ! i can not get it out of my head ! guaranteed you will hear this all summer long !
0	i had no idea that 9 out of 10 song were not original recording and 5 out of those 9 were flat out horrible . do not waste your money if you want original . i had forgotten how bad k-tell recording were
0	well . the music itself is engaging . i had heard the song on a cruise ship and wanted the music to help learn the dance . sadly , the lyric are nasty , even in the radio version .
0	crap
1	great song . the live version i think is better an the album version . i do not think this song got played alot .
0	i have listened to this new album a dozen or more time now . i have gone back and listened to his very first album to his most current . i even pulled out the dvd album and gave them a listen a well . closer without question is his very best album - the most solid performance from track to track . illumination is without question the worst . there is no other artist who i listen to more over time than mr. groban . his song have soothed away many stressful moment and day . his voice is unlike any other . he is talented and a gifted singer and song writer . yet this doe not change the fact that this new album is hand down the worst . in some way , i wish it wa never been released . for it tarnish his previous accomplishment . i do not blame mr. groban for this , even though he chose his producer , but i do blame his advisor and most of all , the producer . rick rubin is no david foster . even though i am not a personal fan of david foster - his arrogance is not very becoming . his ability to but together solid album and attach song to the right performer for the right hit is without question impeccable . and with this said , maybe he deserves to be arrogant . mr. groban doe have the ability to write some very moving song . the best one have been in collaboration with other more experienced writer . redirection is needed for the next album . heck , if it wa me , i would go back to the studio instead of go out on tour and put together an album that would be nothing le than his very best . many of the standard which mr. groban ha sung off album in various performance venue could lay the ground work for such an album . yet there ha to be new material to bring the album to a level that alters the musical stage . this is where the experienced writer in the rock , pop and classical venue could bring work together to pull off an album unlike any other . in the end , this is just my opinion , among many starry eye grobanites who are already gathering for the upcoming tour . let u hope he performs only two or three song from this album while on tour and the rest pulled from all his previous accomplishment and those outstanding performance you have added along the way at many of your venue . i wanted this album to be better than any of the previous album . my hope were high thus why i am so disappointment by this collection of song . without question his voice remains perfect for the right material for the next album . this doe shine through despite the haphazard collection of song that make up illumination . i now look forward to his next album knowing full well mr. groban ha decade of music yet to bring to all of u to enjoy .
1	good song
0	a nice album comprised of 12 track which have already been published under the how-the-west-was-swung series by wr record ( vol . 1 through 10 ) . very little information transpired by the time the album wa announced for release , may be to leave potential buyer under the impression this wa a new album rather than a best-of compilation . if you have bought the wr record series , you do not necessarily need this album .
1	i love the arrangement on this collection . many of my favorite easter song with stirring instrumentation . a good collection to have .
1	love this cd .
1	my second favorite r & b album of the year , right behind anti from riri . this wa a grower at first but it is bumpin loud around the house now . it wa hard to get into the rest of the album cuz all i kept playing wa welcome to my world ! { we in this bitch } hold on ! { another great hip hop an r & b tracc for u best of me fan } an elevator . the rest of the album is great like team you ! coolin ! & smoove jones afta glow show ! { outro } but one man woman is weak .
0	this is radio friendly garbage these people giving this five star im not sure if they are real people or work for three door down
0	this is a big disappointment . this is just a awful a bionic . her voice is just nasty . i should have bought a holiday album instead of this .
1	i first heard this on pandora so i quickly looked it up on amazon and purchased it . this is a great acoustic version of iron bar by stephen marley !
0	this one is not good at all . used to be a fan of his but he is fallen . he is fallen far . it is a sad effort to be honest .
0	i have been a jewel fan for a long long time . i saw jewel before she became famous for piece of you and instantly fell in love . i loved her style , her voice , her word - everything . while piece of you will always be my favorite album , i still found solice in all the others - until now ! what wa she thinking . i fell in love with the girl sitting on the stage with her guitar , speaking to the crowd with her song . her concert were intimate . when spirit came out , she added a band to her act , and while i wasnt thrilled , i could deal with it because at least she wa still writing those deep lyric that made me shiver at time . then about 8 mo . ago i went to see jewel play and i wa so happy to see that she had ditched the band and wa back to playing with just her and her guitar ! so now , 8 mo . later , i fear that girl is gone completely ! i never thought jewel would sell out and write such bland , on the surface lyric and pimp herself to an audience that love the poppy meaningless song of britney spear ! at first when i saw the video for intuition , i could not believe it wa jewel ! then i thought well this song seems to be putting down those who sell out . so i thought that maybe this song wa the only one of it kind on the album , but it wasnt . with the song intuition - jewel is a hyprocrit because she ha sold herself to just cash in .
0	i am disappointed in this version of the song . i can not understand the word at all . the singer are not louder than the accompaniment , so what is the point of a song if you can not hear or understand the word , especially in a christmas carol . there is a bell that is lightly dinged in the background and that is pretty .
0	i do not understand why adam want to so over process that beautiful voice like all of the talentless hack in the pop scene today . he is a cut above in the vocal department - he doe not need to do this . i am not a fan of his song selection and the direction he is gone in his career , with his focus on such a heavy pop sound instead of rock , where he shine , in my opinion . but , i adore him and his fearlessness . he is obviously doing what he love and just because it doe not resonate with me doe not mean it is not worthwhile . i just wish he would do more ballad , song with deeper lyric and let u hear raw adam in all it natural beauty .
1	great
1	i have listened to this over and over and love it every time . it is a wonderful song , especially for easter . thanks
1	an excellent series with a theme that really capture the feel of the series . definately recommend especially to lover of the series
0	i hate the song sweet home alabama . kid rock combined this song with that now i can not get it out of my head . not that sweet home alabama is a bad song but i have heard way too many time . i grew up in mississippi and i wa worn out on the song by time i wa five .
1	awesome reminder of the love of god !
0	this is a waste of money i got a cd with no book and no talk on cd they sell something new now which is the same old thing with new cover very disappointing sorry ed sueta
0	bought this from amazon .the song are not in original order that wa on album , buy the original .if you can much better
1	love it
1	i think this album is a huge leap forward for lifehouse . they have really grown together a a band . the song on this record are much more upbeat than on the last album , but they have not lost the depth . jason lyric express the importance of being able to look to the future and enjoy life , rather than dwelling on the past . the vocal are also much more powerful ; jason seems to be more comfortable in exploring his range and power while singing . this is evident on the track anchor , wash , and spin . on the track my precious we get to hear his amazing falsetto , and on the title track , stanley climbfall , he is absolutely electric . other highlight on the record are sky is falling , am i ever gon na find out , and take me away ; however , this is one of those album where every song is great and can be listened to over and over again . there is no need for a skip button when listening to stanley climbfall ! the overall sound of this album is very organic and pure . the song will leave you uplifted and help you to be at peace with the ups and down life throw at you . i highly recommend that you give this record a listen !
0	this guy is terrific . however , this cd and his other solo album ramin are exactly the same in content . every song on one is on the other in the exact order . and i bought both thinking they would be different . really disappointed that i bought the same cd twice with separate title . great performer . probably a decent guy . but let u take one of those off the market ! it make this extraordinary artist look like either a business amateur or sneaky .
0	it is a typical contemporary song . it make a great high school reunion song . for me it is john mayer debut song . you will know what all this time wa for , indicates his confidence in his song .
0	excellent presentation , but it is the worst floyd album ever ! they should regret to had produced it .
1	this is a beautiful album inside and out . from the moment the package arrives- it is such a beauty to behold- the packaging immediately take you on a journey and then you put the album on and it is such an awesome experience . transporting , timeless , exciting , meditative , beautiful , just so many quality wrapped up into a wonderful musical experience . so much to enjoy & to go back to and re discover
1	so very good . he is my favorite singer . wish i did not have to wait for the entire album to come out in april
0	uggg , another christmas cd from leann rime . you are watching the decline of what used to be a great country voice . it is sad to watch all her project fail and then she trot herself out for any publicity she can get for another christmas album . people put out christmas music when their career are failing . leann used to have a great voice and wa a likable talent . not anymore . i can not understand the word she is singing and the album is not very good . i used to be a big fan but she seems so unaware of what she ha done to her career lately . too bad . career over .
1	the cd arrived on time and in good condition . the music is loud clear and good recording quality ! i will be ordering more dick jonas music !
0	original pressing of capitol the george , john , paul & ringo songbook ( 1971 , st-839 ) are on their tuscan red label . when stu phillips is not throwing dissonance and confusing counter-melodies into the 10 track that comprise this set , he slows their tempo down to a dirge pace . the very last selection , bangladesh wa so unrecognizable i had to consult the playlist to find out what i wa listening to . or maybe that repetitive tabla shouldve tipped me off ? admiral halsey sound like a lullabye . it do not come easy is listless despite a fuzz guitar lick near the close . in stus hand , paul mccartney often disparaged long & winding road is more saccharine than a 200 packet box of sweet n low . hey jude and let it be are not much better . john lennon wa spared the phillips touch , probably because there wa no way to de-gonad the track from his & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/plastic-ono-band/dp/b000mvfgd8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > plastic ono band < /a > & nbsp ; lp . remember : the sound you make is muzak to my ear from how do you sleep on the & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/imagine/dp/b000mhv2v2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > imagine < /a > & nbsp ; album ? perhaps john wasnt addressing his former partner but the presumptive stu phillips . this collection of hypnotic elevator music is strictly for beatles completists and nurse ratched ( of & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/one-flew-over-the-cuckoo-s-nest/dp/0790732181/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > one flew over the cuckoo nest < /a > & nbsp ; fame ) . program- side one [ 2:48 ] here come the sun [ 4:30 ] hey jude [ 3:07 ] another day [ 2:20 ] let it be [ 3:18 ] the long and winding road side two [ 3:29 ] my sweet lord [ 4:59 ] uncle albert/admiral halsey [ 2:45 ] something [ 2:58 ] it do not come easy [ 4:01 ] bangla-desh total time : 34:15
0	he tried something new , but it did not work .
1	i really like the song , but it wa the toyota commercial she wa in , with the song , that had me . this is the first kelly clarkson song i have bought . look forward to trying more of her style of music . she doe sing the national anthem very well too . thanks !
1	love it
0	not what i wa expecting , quite the opposite of what i wa hoping from this collection - looking for upbeat and postive
0	i really did not like the music . i expected it to be christmas themed and exuberant like the other tso album i have . the few instrumentals were pretty good , but the other selection were boring .
0	i managed to listen to this entire album without buying it . that wa one of the best thing i have done . let me say up front that i do not care a whit about ms. winehouses personal life . and i have no problem with odd voice ( or even weak voice when the music is right , ala eric clapton ) . here , i just do not see what all the fuss is about . the voice is pedestrian , the style is borrowed , the arrangement are second rate , the song are , in my view , incredibly boring , and the overall product quality is nil . i have a wide range of taste , from bob dylan to janis joplin to antonio carlos jobim to classical . i see or hear no reason to purchase ms. winehouses warblings because they just are not good enough . they are boring !
1	it is not the original version , but he get close to it . i had heard this song back in 1993 and wa very moved by the lyric . i inquired at several record store and could never find out who song it . i finally wa able to google it ( 2010 ) and found the exact song by eddy grant . the song speaks about the political and ethnic treatment of people of color . great song and powerful message , a must listen for the cultural sensitive person .
0	this album suck . like the other 1 star reviewer wrote , it is all commercial radio garbage . it is so overproduced , it is hard to listen to . i have been listening to the band since the late 90 and if you want to hear good o.a.r . you have to see them live or buy their first live cd . if you like this album , you are probably a new o.a.r . fan , or maybe you started listening 2 or 3 album back . which is not a criticism , but for people who remember them when they first started , their change to this is definitely a shock . sorry , but it is what it is .
1	good song
0	song were different from what i heard on youtube
1	wow ! these guy just get better and better and they work together so very well beautiful irish sound sing on
0	i wa watching a bowl game and saw a commercial for this and thought i wa watching snl . i had to listen to it later because it seemed so bad . it is horrible . next song will be blue solo cup . then motor oil . then oral-b toothbrush . this is the promotional song for the album . how bad are the other song ?
1	lot of good song to listen to and put you in a very mellow mood . the only thing i did not like wa the volume on some low note of some of the song . it got so low at time i could not really make out the note . but i liked most of the song and the fact that earl had several guest playing with him on some song . all i have to do is dream is a duet with vince gill who even sings a little , the eagle hotel california ha jake shimabukuro on ukelele and blue moon is a duet with bill frisell . all well done . really enjoyed earl version of going out of my head and the old beatles song if i fell in love with you . very listenable and very relaxing .
0	it would be nice if i could put this song on my player , but it is locked in the stupid cloud and i can not get to it . i am buying future song from itunes .
0	this make no sense . note to god is not an original song from charice . the song is from jojos album the highroad that came out in 2006. for charice to say this is her song and not expect people to know it not make no sense . i am a very big fan of jojo but not so much of charice anymore .
0	nothing new here , except the packaging . this collection is the first time inclusion of single from their recent lackluster album that is why god made the radio . the reason i highlight single is because , what the heck is a single these day ? although there wa actually a 45 rpm 7 vinyl single issued of that is why god made the radio , it wa just issued only for , probably , collector like me . the other new single , is not it time , only exists on the album . back in the day of top 40 radio , we called these album track , not single . included in this collection is yet another same old mono version of good vibration . come on guy , is not it time that a stereo mix officially come out ? most beach boy song were recorded on state of the art for those time , recording equipment . also included are several more should be stereo mono track : do it again , surfin safari , i get around , the little girl i once knew , help me , rhonda , fun , fun , fun , and of course , good vibration . unexplicably missing is their first hit surfin , plus many of their biggest hit like be true to your school and of course their holiday season hit . also included are some non-hit album track . listenning to the mono track , most sound like early cd , tinny and bassy , and are definitely not remixed . i do not think that brian would ever have okd these without at least re-eqing them . on the plus side , included are 7 black & white photo of the beach boy in their younger day , pre-gray , fat and bald . each disc come in it is own sleeve , disc 1 : their young day and disc 2 : the old fart . there is also a nice booklet ( which could easily fit in a jewel case ) . both cd look like mid-60s swirl label capitol 45s . the sound is great and doe offer many of their best song .
0	listening to this cd , all the way through , wa neither easy nor enjoyable . if you like beat-driven pop with repetitious lyrical hook , you might like 0304. if you are expecting to be touched by another excellent jewel collection , prepare to have your heart broken . this cd truly disappointed everyone i know who ha heard it . it is pure pop drivel .
1	musical perfection from the foo fighter a usual .
0	this is blasphemy , pure and simple . to degrade the precious holy scripture in this manner is to degrade our savior .
1	great album
1	i love how her music let you create your own imaginative scenario or remember special thing . sometimes no word are necessary and her music allows you to go to a quiet place and not be distracted by lyric and allows you to be with your own thought .
1	love it
1	i have to say is that rick ross ha been thru the ups and down of ppl coming at him and dissing him well this album back every thing up rick ross is coming off real nice on this album . teflon don the album is more of an chilling laid back more kind of an album . song like free mason is really nice track over all the whole album is a worth of a pick pick up it better the drake album drake ha a good album to a well . maybach music 3 is i real nice track to check out to guy go get this album .
1	this is some good music , right here ! larue is a vocal beast . i had the pleasure of being at the live recording and i wa blown away with her vocal , the background vocal and the band . everything wa on point . the music a easy to follow and i did not feel cheated when it came to ministry . although it wa the recording for her cd , she still stayed with the ministry element and tear were flowing , hand were praised , and praise were being given to the father . in listening to the cd , it take me right back to the point in time when our hand were raised , eye closed , dancing , clapping and just praising . i love to worship and i do not want to leave this place will have you with the ugly cry ( smile ) . do not sleep on this one . and , when she minister , you can see that she ha a heart for god and god people . support her ministry . it is well worth every dime .
0	i must have been one of the unlucky one that got a flawed cd . it skip like crazy . also , the plastic cd case came apart when opening . needle to say it wasnt a stress-free experience .
0	with a very soothing voice i thought i would drift off immediately to sleep . you are asked to visualize a beautiful cozy cabin and a crackling fire in the fireplace . when her voice leaf you assumably asleep for 20 minute you are abandoned to the sound of a very silly sounding crackling fire that sound more like a recording of a recording of an artificial fire . the sound of the wind is also provided and ha a similar effect a the fire in the fireplace . fortunately it wa only a 99 cent wasted expenditure . there are some good sleep aid recording available but this is not one of them .
1	leon cut up , adding his own flair to some classic hank williams country tune . the version on here of tumblin tumbleweed alone is worth the price of the album . also , you get to hear his more straight up distinctive voice singing rather than the really gravelly , stylized singing style on many of his recording ( not that there is anything wrong with that ! ) it is just a refreshing change for his fan .
0	i did not appreciate his bit about joining isi .
1	fine product
0	only liked one song . let your hair down david make something fun and not boring . we hear the same old traditionals every year .
0	thought the artist were the original singer . they were community theatre caliber . ok , but off broadway . best song from the best musical , but not the best singer . come on man !
1	i wish more folk knew about ernests music . this is not your typical folk artist . ernest wa makin folk/blues/rock music in the 70 before he launched his composition career in la . film score , television score , & emmy later , he got back to his root & gave u the opportunity to enjoy where he came from ( his hobby a he describes it ) . listen to this album ! it wa released nearly a year & 1/2 before katrina . besides the prescient title cut , evangaline , disturbin blue , & travelin shoe should solidify your love of this talented composer , singer , song-writer , and guitarist par excellance !
0	after listening to the preview on amazon i decided to buy the actual cd . i have always liked dj shadow , and wa interested to hear what kind of beat he wa making now ( in 2016 ) . it is typical shadow ambiance and found sound , but some track have wildly swung broken beat pattern like flying lotus and the like . a few track attempt a dubstep feel , but it come across a plodding . a couple selection even have some trap high hat pattern and tripleted pattern . those actually sound the coolest . the part that make me absolutely dislike the album ( even though part are ok ) is the rapper in the rap track that state that trump ha sex with his youngest daughter . so eff that rapper . i would suggest keeping your politics to yourself unless you wan na lose half of your audience . moby just did the same , i am selling all his cd now a he mouthed off too about trump .
0	it ok , not what i expected .
0	this song wa purchased my mistake by my son . i have never really been into it . i have to learn to lock my phone . lol
1	it more than met my expectation . barbra did it again .
1	this should be an international anthem for the million who resist the 9 to 5. or the answer to the life long question . where do i fit in ? leave it to los lobos to put this worrisome question to a foot tapping celebration ala zydeco blue . all i can say is bon temp roule !
0	i never ordered or received this . why is this listed under my purchase , is it just one song or the whole album ?
1	my daughter love carrie underwood and ha all of her cd .
1	recording quality is not that great .
1	song wa super . the amazon player is a total pain in the neck . i had problem playing the song with my usual mp3 and wmp program and i just do not want to get any more song from amazon until that problem is non-existent .
0	im not sure if i like it or not - i finally listened to it by having my car record it to it harddrive and i have the wrong cd it is jeremy camp with the following 5 song : trust in you , enough , empty me , i wait for the lord and revive me . not even the chainsmokers . weird . the cd case and the artwork on the cd are all chainsmokers : bouquet . none of the music is chainsmokers . again weird !
1	i remembered this song one day . and began researching it online . my flate ather once owned the vinyl record . he frequently played different genre of music music around the house . i grew up loving all kind of music . i have not heard this song since childhood . the vinyl record of course is lost now . this digital song wa sung by much the same/similar original artist i would listened to growing up . it brought back wonderful memory of happy childhood day .
1	1. waltz for j.d . 9:57 . 2. pretty bossa 8:40 . 3 . 6/8 thing 9:07 . 4. blue and green 8:36 . 5. this is new 6:06 . 6. fit for a prince 7:00 . 7. alphabet city 7:56 . 8. the loop 5:48 . 9. she is leaving home 10:02. john bishop , drum . jon davis , piano . paul gabrielson , bass . steve hill , drum . produced by paul gabrielson .
1	fun music . make you feel lighthearted and free . and it wa free . music ha a mix of jazzy , to indie to rap .
0	acck ! michael allen harrison is a wonderful pianist but with saw . run and hide ! it sound like . sorta like weird whistling . if the sawing wa taken out it would have been an o.k album . i rated it 1 star because there wa no -200 star . : ( . all of the song sound the same and all of them are terrible . i think the person that is sawing or whatever made a good effort to actually make the saw or whatever sound a note but it wa still bad . if you are wondering , this cd wa free at the michael allen harrison christmas concert and i thought it would be decent . the one we paid for were very good though . i guess i found out the purpose of free cd .
0	for one , it wa the short verision or radio version . also , they gave the impression that it wa un-edited but it wa , not that the content wa all that adult or vulgar . i wa very disappointed if they are going to put a warning label for content they should also put a warning label for edited content .
1	his voice is tempered with gravel , but the word are still magic . the album only get better with a few listening . he ha been missed , and this may be one of his last work , but it wa worth the wait .
0	i swear this is a very good parody of bob dylan singing of christmas song . it is , is not it ? please tell me it is . please .
1	i like the music
0	do not buy this . not the actual song and is only a partial 30 sec long .
0	this album wouldve been so much better with live instrumentation . i hope his next one will be 100 % great like he is on the road with his band .
1	i love this song and on top of it all it wa super easy to download and to listen on any device .
0	the album is great so do not think the star are for that . it get lower star rating because it is censored . the sad thing is that the amazon store kinda doe not tell you this . when you buy a album uncut it will be labeled [ explicit ] but one that is clean ha nothing like [ censored ] or [ clean ] next to it . jim gaffigan now is basically a clean comedian and thus i did not think anything of there not being a label for being explicit but this album wa done before he became a clean comic and a such a some swearing in it and the censoring is enough to ruin it . i think amazon need to label something a edited or censored so people do not get screwed over . i know i am not the only one who had this problem and this is not the only album for which this is a issue . again great album but buy the cd so you get it uncut and skip the download .
1	i like these guy , they kind of blur the line between pop and rock but somehow still come off a being heavy . they just kind of have a nice old-school feel good rock vibe .
0	it is advertised a the explicit version , it is not
1	brandi is one of my all time favorite artist and this album doe not disappoint . i definitely recommend it to anyone who love great music .
1	i do not think mozart purist would want a collection that consists in large part of excerpt or single movement from various work , but i bought this for my kid and it really is an entertaining , first-rate , diverse introduction to the endless repertoire of mozart . perfect for someone who is only a casual fan of classical music , or kid who need memorable tune to sustain their interest in classical music , or i suppose for someone who just want beautiful music in the background .
1	k. 482 is the most visionary , musically-expressively complex , and difficult-to-bring-off of mozart piano concerto , a true concerto for wind instrument , piano and orchestra . fischer , a conductor , extract unusually well-balanced , articulate , expressive performance from this minor orchestra ( in itself a remarkable feat ) , while searching out virtually every pianistic nuance of this unique work . some might question whether this is mozart-styled performance ; no , but it should be . ( i am often an admirer of period performance ; but there is a difference between period and fundamentally eternal - forgive the old-fashioned rhetoric . ) this review is based on another company lp issue of the same 1954 performance . fischer unrecorded earlier performance of this concerto with furtwangler are legend ; now one can imagine why .
0	nickelback essentially sum up everything that is wrong with the music industry today . what else can i say ? this stuff is so bad it make me go cross-eyed .
0	if you like betty boop and fancy the idea of her singing soft ballad you will love this stuff . me . not so much .
1	excellent product and service .
1	love this song so much . reminds u to pray , give it to god , move on and trust ! great song of encouragement !
0	not a expected . thought the music would be calming , but it ha so many short piece it wa not enjoyable for me .
0	honestly . i hate this song . i bought it because my band cover it and i had to learn it . it is another in a long list of those annoying kiss anthem . i respect them and really like some of their stuff . ace wa a bos ! . but this is just campy .
0	meh
0	this is his worse album every . the lyric suck and his beat suck . he claim to be the best but he is not . the worse song are theee forth of the disk . he should have took time and dud this disk right
0	showed item to artist and wa told it wa fake . checked artist copy and it is completely different
0	not the version i knew or wanted . did not know that before purchase ! wa not given possibility to see that it wa a different version . did not say remix when purchased .
1	i fell in love with ann wilson the first time i heard dreamboat annie . 36 year later , ann wilson sound even better . wether you are a heart fan , or have never heard the group before , this is a must-have album if you love hard-driving rock and roll .
1	the piano is very subtle and haunting almost i love the pause in between and the beat . it all gel together . i love the song , buy in !
1	best version of one of my favorite song that i have ever heard . watch it with video on youtube to take in the whole scenario , visually stunning a well a a joy to listen to .
0	sound quality is so low . you have to turn the volume up almost to peak to hear it . it is a nice song though .
0	my own throat feel strained listening to mr. dylan struggle through this genre . it is not for him . the sweet backup singer just do not help , and almost seem comical a counterpart to the raspy/harsh voice of this rebel-icon . if i were a little kid , i would run and hide my head under the pillow rather than listen . actually , i may do that myself .
0	. which is not saying much since i got this a a freebie ! since this wa free , i decided to download it for kick . sanjaya started off with promise - but only got worse a the song progressed . while his diction wa good ( hence , the extra -star rating ) , it still did not make up for his breathy voice or his pitchiness ( going either sharp or flat - usually flat ) - and i still have no real idea what the song wa all about ! actually , i am rather glad i got this a a free download . at least i will know not to waste my money on the entire album !
1	here we have another prime example of dmb doing what they do best : live show . this show is special for quite a few reason , one being only one of a few band to play the historic wrigley field and this being their last show of the summer 2010 tour . this release is the 2nd night of a two-night run , if you were a member of the warehouse , you could have gotten both night . anyways , this show is incredible , for those who complained about the last release sound issue ( live in new york ) , this release sound amazing , and on a side note , i could not really hear any problem with the new york release , but i digress . the show start with an explosive you might die trying , a great way to start thing off . dave then slip in the always wonderful stay or leave and even bt the second song , you can tell this is a special night for the band and the fan . dave doe a partial good good time , a nice surprise for the fan that go straight into yet another incredible # 41 , and like every fan know , dave and the band always re-invent the song . there is so much energy in this show , it really feel like you are there in the crowd . after the incredible two step , dave surprise yet again with the beautiful christmas song and end the show with none other than the last stop . if you are a fan , just buy because you know it is good , if you are new , still buy it and see the magic that is dmb live . dave and the boy still prove that after 20 year , they have no sign of slowing down or stopping what they do best . and if you are lucky enough to catch the caravan this summer , i am sure itll be the concert of a lifetime !
1	great group !
0	for all the good music i heard in the first season i thought for sure it would be included on this first release like drip drop and a few others , but this wa just a lure and missed a lot of flare .
0	the trail hear did not sound like a mix- i do not like downloading any mixes- i like original music- these were all for my prom birthday party in november . still will play the tune but not what i originally wanted .
1	great song , great copy , sound great . i will be downloading a lot more song from amazon very soon . loved it !
1	love this song
0	i bought this because it popped up a an ad on a youtube video of the song , but it wasnt the same version a in the video . i deleted it .
1	i wa suprised that this song wa good . i wasnt expecting much from an american idol person , but this song proved me wrong . hopefully the rest of his music is a good a this song
0	i only purchased this more for posterity than anything . it is a dreadful recording and the vocal on 2nd chapter are down right ear piercing , not in a good way . i remember being so much better , then again we all thought early christian rock/folk music wa delightful .
0	you would think that this is the exact same track from the paperman short , but you would be wrong . it is missing the electric guitar that come in at 5:15 during the actual video . meaning it is meant to be present around the 3:40 mark for the mp3 . for me , this omission ruin the entire track . disappointed .
0	the song is listed a keep on smiling but it not what you get when you download it . thats suck ! there is nothing i can do .
1	have one thing to say , i love this song and listen to it every day . this song is a must have . very relaxing .
1	typical hank williams , jr. modern country with a serious message . make me proud to be an american .
1	although gretchen is a self-proclaimed redneck woman , this christmas collection is actually a nice blend of country twang and tranditional production . the christmas song for example , is rich with jazzy piano and quite the vocal showcase . i want a hippopotamus for christmas is the best song on the album and the only notable cover of the classic song . it is beautifully honky tonk while still being faithful to the original . santa i have been naughty is a great original track and definitely a highlight . have yourself a merry little christmas is another vocal spotlight and quite charming . it is one of my personal favorite . the others are good too . in fact , the only dud go to nuttin for christmas which is about 98 % annoying and 2 % cute . overall : although i love country music from time to time , sometimes mixing the genre with traditional christmas carol can be a bad move . fortunally the production here maintain a solid sense of classic holiday atmosphere , with just the right touch of signature gretchen . her vocal shine throughout many of the track and her irresistible attitude make an appearance a well . i give it a solid recommendation !
1	this album is dope . wasnt really a fan of j. cole until his last album , this album will have me purchasing all of his album from now on . excellent lyric , production is outstanding . definitely one of the year best hip hop release .
1	it doe not disappoint . at all . not even a little bit . i am beginning to believe that hozier can do no wrong . brilliant !
1	it is hard to single out the best pop album that most people have never heard . there are so many worthy candidate . big star radio city get mentioned a lot . t.rexs electric warrior come to mind . but the frontrunner from the 90 ha got to be mezzanine , a genre-bending goldmine that both elevated trip hop to a new level and destroyed it in the same instant . destroyed it for the simple reason that no one could follow this without paling in comparison . each track shine in turn . whether it is the single , teardrop , with elizabeth frasers ethereal vocal , or the heavy-rock inflected angel and dissolved girl , or the epic show-stopper group four , massive seems a a group with no limitation . and even rap-haters can appreciate 3-d low key , almost whispered rhyme on inertia creep and risingson . i would particularly recommend this album to rock fan who have considered dipping a toe into the pool of electronic music , but were not sure where to start . this one is can not -miss .
1	one of my favorite contemporary christian artist . the song and lyric stir my spirit and uplift my soul . i always feel rejuvenated and inspired after listening .
0	i can not imagine why i would order this . my wife must have done this . the song is trite . the lyric are predictable . if you love mope rock , this song is for you !
0	not happy with this one , do not know if it wa my fault or not but after the download the song disappeared into the bowel of my computer and i still can not find it .
0	wile i am sure it is just right for some folk , and i like a lot of cajun & zydeco music , this one just did not do it for me . i actually did not keep it . deleted .
1	incredibly lyrical and musically talented . a breath of fresh air !
1	love it
1	this worship ( my season personally ) wa awesome .
1	best song ever
0	van halen were never great nor prolific songwriter , mostly a good cover band with a livewire , athletic showman up front and one of the best speed merchant guitar player in the history of rock . probably a great bar band when they started out . i saw them twice in their early day , when i wa a teenager who did not care that dlr wa a mediocre singer at best . loved his energy and the musical chop of the rest of the band . unfortunately , whatever vocal talent he ever possessed , ha long since evaporated . david lee roth is not merely bad in the way that many so called rock vocalist of the 70 were bad , nor in the way that many older rock icon like springsteen and dylan lose their limited vocal appeal a they get older - he is the type of absolutely horrible singer who should never be permitted within 10 foot of a microphone . worse still , he clearly know it , and rather than try harder , he doe not even try to get the lyric or his phrasing correct . lazier vocal than jagger or steve tyler ever attempted even at their nadir . inexcusable that van halen have released this on the unsuspecting public !
0	the tune wa a repeat of past have fun teaching song and too advance for my 4/5 year old . i am able to a adjust most of three other song i have purchased . the other song like water cycle were great
0	love cyndi lauper but it suck big time that my ipad 1 can not use this prime music which i am paying for
0	i wa very excited to locate a jazz version of whitney song a i , m the biggest fun . once the cd arrived i put it on and i wa extremely disappointed . very bad jazz version of the best ever lady singer on earth . i wa so discussed ed i through it in the bin .
0	love greg , hate this song . own 40 to 50 this one should never been recorded . should return it , but keep it to remind me to look again before i push the purchase button . lousum
1	a fun song from it time
0	bernie the buffoon is an even bigger joke than i thought . bahaaaaa !
1	terry kath in his heyday jamming over a funky vamp before transitioning into bobby lamms bluesy ballad . loud , raw , and improvisational gibson s-g handiwork make this tune my favorite early chicago piece of work , circa , 1969 .
0	i have not listened to it due to technical problem .
0	sum 41 ha always been a band i looked down upon , their cd chuck really anti-impressed me except for welcome to hell which is the only reason i would like it , and this album is very similar in that aspect . the only reason i would ever put this cd in the stereo is to hear nothing on my back which is a wonderfully crafted song and actually . at least close to punk . but besides that nothing really appeal to me , rhythm is an ok song but the rest sound the same pick up some rancid or nofx if you want punk . i do not suggest you buy it maybe just download nothing on my back .
0	i loose the money awful
1	who can explain god love ? well , hallorin doe a great job . this song touch my soul and brings tear to my eye every time i listen to it . although we mess up , god clean u up and restores u . his love is not of this world . hallelujah !
1	catchy tune written by an old pro with many good song under his belt . i think it reflects on a career in a very messed up industry .
1	i am so in love with this song . clay vocal surpass in this beautifully written song . if you have not bought it yet , go buy it . you will love it also !
1	fantastic i love it love it love it , della lift the heart & stir the soul . i start my day with this if at all possible , praise god ! it is best to give your day to the lord , this is the way to do it . i reccommended it highly . jojo
0	well if this is the best massive attack album , then i will not be buying any more . nor is this a worthy example of trip-hop imo . this is way overrated ! i somehow missed out on massive attack back in the day , yet i listened to and loved portishead , hooverphonic , morcheeba , sneaker pimp becoming x , etc . there are a few good track , but for the most part , it is a mish-mash . maybe if these song actually went somewhere and they were about half a long in length . repetitive running loop while a guy mumble self aware hipster-speak get dull fast . ya know , getting a few decent female soul singer and a sequencer doe not make a good record .
0	the record wa warped
0	doll revolution ha one major flaw . only a few of the song showcase susanna hoffs on lead vocal . ( i love to hear her sing . ) if you purchase this album and enjoy hoffs voice , you will be left wanting more . while i applaud the idea of trying something new , it did not work here . the bangle need hoffs on lead vocal . it is just that simple .
0	not that great . will
1	diana krall is a real cool chick on this number .
1	this is spontaneously inspired piano music that evokes wonderful memory and stir up the dreamer in the listener ! the whole project , fingerpaintings : serenity is like peace on a disc !
0	first of all , you can barely make out most of what they are saying . the production value are terrible . i could have done a better job with a 1980s 3 channel analog mixer in a garage with no sound buffering lining . in fact , i am pretty sure they recorded it on a 10-year-old webcam and mic set-up using sound-mixing emulation software that they obtained in a cracked version . secondly , the message is stupid . they do not really have anything worthwhile to say , and i regret wasting the time giving them a chance to change my mind . everything about this band , about this album , wa a waste of time . this is why they needed to put a photo of a blond with suggestive body tape on the cover . there is no way the music wa going to sell this album !
0	mediocre compared to other tribute . just did not enjoy these rendition the same way i have other vsq performance
0	you could not tell this wa a live recording and i wanted a studio version .
1	my new favorite song .
1	album of the year ! i love every song ! my only complaint is that the album is too short , so quality over quantity is definitely the case here !
0	i wanted to buy this song but when i tried to preview it , the song is just not the one . please check it .
0	so sad , so big boring and overproduced compared to the first two . who said coldplay 2.0 ? no , wait , i sometimes like coldplay .
0	worse song ever , with all of her success and talent and this is what she creates ? get a life .
0	the first and only album i have not liked from floyd since final cut
1	r kelly by far ha left the r & b wanta be in the dark . r kelly ha produced hit for some of the biggest name in the musinc industry . to come out with a album that totally switch up the game and provide relevance to what is needed in music today is completly mind blowing . this album is a classic and is a must for anyone who really want to hear ( music ) . again , go get it !
0	i think that i must have got a bad copy because this sacd sound awful ! it sound like a cd from 1985
0	. but this is a poorly produced cd . both the computer-enhanced chorus that overwhelms the solo , and the overuse of vibrato in the solo make this a definite disappointment .
1	i recently went on a tour of hearst castle in central california . there is a grand dining room where invited hollywood celebrity and others dined in the 1930s - 1950s . our tour guide told u that he liked tumbling tumbleweed so much that he would have the band in the grand dining room play this song , tumbling tumbleweed , over and over ! -
1	for what it is , it is a great tune sung by a sensational band and the video by the way is a cinematic classic . brilliant !
0	i did not enjoy this album a much a the previous album .
0	could not add it to a class slideshow presentation . only streamed . boo
0	i had hope of nice old style quality christmas hymn and song from guidepost vinyl album we have . not so . this is a 3 cd set and load of track but many of them are kind of jazz style , strange slow singing and empty feeling . there were a few pleasant traditional piece , but you have to wade through a number of dragging song to get there . if you want to experiment it might be worth the money , but if you are looking for some uplifting christmas music i would not recommend this .
0	they play this song so many time when this came out and gosh will he ever go away ? he is overrated and need to work at mcdonalds cause no one lovin it .
0	i bought this thinking since it her first christmas cd . i wa very disappointed . her range of voice ha changed a lot . she sound nasally and scream a lot in some of the selection . terrible !
0	it is always good to see an artist change and try new thing . back in 2003 when jewel did , it wa a big deal . everyone accused her of selling out , which i think is unfair . this disc , while different , is just not what i would call jewel at her best . i found america somewhat enjoyable and run 2 u wa also , but the rest of the cd did not sit well with me . i did give her a second chance and recently bought her 2006 cd , goodbye , and i must say , it is jewel slowly regaining her musicality . also glad to here that she will be making a country cd next , it will fit her voice well .
0	first of all , let me start out by saying that while i have been a huge fan of the band since the earliest day , i am not one of those classic chicago fan who hate the 80 stuff . in fact , chicago 16 is one of my favorite album by the band . and 17 is an album that they have every right to be very proud of . and while 18 and 19 were just cranking-out-the-formula album for them at that point , they at least had some huge hit single , which wa really all the band wa about at that point . by the time they got to 21 in 1991 , both the format and the band ability to contribute to it had past it time and that wa ( should have ) been it for the that period of the band . they then spent the next 15 year releasing various compilation , live and christmas albums- some of which were considered part of the canon and some not- so that we could get to the point in 2006 where their next album of new material could conveniently be called xxx . i , like a lot of fan , were very curious to see what this new album would bring . a return to the use of roman numeral indicated a possible to return to the classic sound . a - even if completely coincidental - use of triple x hinted a something edgy . instead , they inexplicably tried to revive the 80 sound of the band . i say inexplicable because not only doe a large portion of their most loyal fan base dislike this period of the band , but even if they could have come up with another 17 , the band and the format were both long past the point of being able to create any hit single with it in 2006. there could have been another hard to say i am sorry on this record but radio would not have played it anyway . so why even attempt to go down that path ? who were they trying to reach with this album ? and , worst of all , the attempt failed . there is not much at all to recommend on this album for much of anyone . the song are weak and the arrangement and production is tired . one can only wonder why they thought this album would be a worthwhile effort in the first place . it doe serve to make weak album like 13 , xiv and 21 seem not so bad in retrospect , though . what chicago need to do- what almost all of their fan would like to see- is a return to experimental and jazz-rooted sound of the earliest stuff . sure , lamm and pankow both ran out of good song idea back in the 70 , but certainly they must still have the chop and experience to arrange even poorly-written tune in an interesting manner . ( and let u be honest . even a lot of the material on their early record were not great song . but the arrangement were almost always aggressive and interesting . ) itd be nice to see them at least attempt a real comeback album . or maybe they do not want to . which is fine , but then it is probably best to just limit future release to compilation and live album .
0	i am posting review firstly to express my disappointment and dissatisfaction with an item i purchased about couple of year ago . delayed a my review may be it is sincere . i am a fan of ultimate spinach and i consider them one of the best band of the bosstown rock scene . i had been looking forward to receiving the cd but when it arrived i found out to my dismay that there is some kind of static at the begining of every track . i am afraid that this is totally irresponsible on the part of iris record . i suppose i should have asked them for a full refund but i somehow opted not to do it .
1	bad as !
0	thanks to the reviewer who mentioned this wa a free download when you install the amazon software . i wa trying to figure out why i had purchased this since i have no recollection of doing so , or ever heard of the artist . very generic song , no redeeming quality for me . sound like just about everything else out there .
1	love it . and just got exactly what i wanted and no more . save bzillians this way ! greatest invention ever in the music industy . thanks !
1	this song brings back memory of my teenage year . i love most of their music anyway . they sure can sing !
1	great cd by one of the top band around today .
0	mary poppins soundtrack wa the best purchase i have made so far . i bought it for my granddaughter birthday because she love mary poppins . she can sing all the song in the soundtrack and i love hearing her
1	good
1	amazon make purchasing song really easy and is unmatched in quality when it come to the ease of purchase and the quality of it all .
1	i had typed a review for another song jump , shout , boogie medley . and that review wa for both that song and this song , since i purchased both song at the same time for the same reason .
1	absolutely love it . one of my favorite song at the moment .
1	i am very happy with this cd .
1	this cd will have you moving to beat . all of the song are great and the production is top quality !
0	i like to think internally .
1	this song sound great on my kindle and roku ! i am so glad that i purchased it ! it wa definitely a great find !
1	man i wish i wa on the us missouri when cher wa there getting her sing on
1	still a dynamic and sexy song from an amazing artist ,
1	such a beautiful track . i come back and listen to this at least once a month .
0	this chick is ridiculous , she sound like a britney spear on crack . there is absolutely no talent on this bitch .
1	all time great song by a great country singer . great to play at 50th wedding anniversary .
1	great song . no one but him could sing it with such feeling . love that song and singer . thank you george .
1	this is grammy award material .
0	but this album is horrible , only one fairly decent song on the entire cd.do not buy it you are wasting your hard earn money on this .
0	racist
1	an absolute classic in my eye !
1	have you ever felt like your day wa dragging ? those day when you are upset for no reason at all ? how about when you want to go to the gym and pump iron but you are just not feeling the appropriate motivation . i have found the absolute best thing you can do for any of the above affliction is listen to eye of the tiger . this song will cure any mental ailment . they you should have it pumping through the street of alaska during the dark part of the year to keep people from getting seasonal depression . i listen to this song and i am ready to take on the whole world ! to leap building in a single bound ! everyone need a daily doe of some eye of the tiger ! amazing !
1	here come the mummy are wonderful ! their music is exceptional , make you want to get up and move . i have missed this kind of music , it is hard to find now day and it is original . the lyric are also very original . they are funny and full of innuendo . if you ever have a chance to see them in person do not pas it up !
0	not the best stuff from either artist
0	great cd , but the person i sent it to is in prison and there wasnt a purchase invoice with it so the person wasnt allowed to receive it . very disappointing .
0	having the lp were did the dvd come from ? being a crazy fan of the fox and it is mighty wurlitzer i bought the ( 3 ) album and have transfered them to cd . went to the last two midnight concert were there wasnt standing room in the building . seating about 4000+ now sf ha a world class organ sitting in a wearhouse covered with dust awaiting to be reinstaled in the civic building and not being done because the city father can not get off their tail and get it done . if they do not want to do it let general publit do it .
1	just a great a their first !
0	i am constantly amazed that today musical group have such little imagination that they have to cop the name of yesteryear band who have already earned their niche in the music world history . . and that they do it so very badly . band like the people , touch , white witch , armageddon , ( and the list go on and on ) were extraordinary one-of-a-kinds . and yet , modern band continue to take those name for themseles , then release inferior , common , boring music , and expect no one to notice the difference while they attempt to suck in $ on the name of others . pathetic !
0	the album is great . the sound quality of the vinyl pressing wa made for crosley , and sound like isht . oh well , at least it look cool in white
0	why wa the price so low ? all the track are mislabeled .
1	very good
1	this is my favorite mark knopfler song . i can not say it is typical , but it is soooo beautiful ! randy travis also recorded it , but i prefer mks version .
1	i discovered amazon cloud and the first piece i downloaded wa der teufel and the sound fill the room . i recommend the cloud and the schubert for .89 , how can you go wrong .
0	well , having listened to this c.d. , i am sorry to say this album is pure crap ! yes , i am a die hard beatles fan , but i can not figure why anybody would like this recording . the instrument sound cheap , the drummer is woeful and the sound in part sound thin . i admit this is an early offering by the fab three and poor drummer , but part of this are unlistenable . i heard my mate copy and would not even bother to buy it myself . very poor album .
0	not a great a his previous cd , some great tune but mostly a disappointment . i enjoyed his first cd and maybe an mp3 would best suit you .
0	surely this is a joke ? this music is terrible . save your money folk , this is not worth 9 buck . nobody should be paying money for somebody youtube music
1	love this cd . a great mix of fun and serious ballad .
0	yes , this album should shut up all those that say that steve harris is iron maiden . steve may be the main composer in maiden , but british lion prof that he can not achieve the extraordinary level of an iron maiden album by himself . he doe need the other 5 guy . also , it dissapoints that harris got this singer , richard taylor , for the album . the difference between bruce dickinson and this guy is like the difference between a ferrari and a beat up bicycle . i am not saying bruce should have been on the album , but that steve should have known what fan expected of him and gotten a decent singer . even blaze bailey is a good singer , he did not have the energy and the connection to the fan that a lead singer in iron maiden requires , but blaze bailey can sing . i do not know who told this richard taylor that he could sing !
0	this soundtrack wa downloaded on a whim , after i came across it while looking for another music title . i remember hearing other similar flowing water/creek soundtrack , and thought that this would be similar ; but wa disappointed . i thought that this recording seemed fake , a if made by a synthesizer ( or in a bathroom ) . the track also seemed to be a 10-12 second recording on a continuous loop . like you , i base my purchase decision on the experience of others . if you liked my review , or felt that it wa helpful to you , then please let me know by clicking yes below . i would also be happy to answer any question that you may have about this product . thanks ! my review are real , and typically based on week of actual product usage . my opinion are not copied from other review , and are from my own personal experience .
0	i know i should have read the information closer so my fault but - there is only one song on this cd - one song . i wa hoping to hear more from this talented artist . i wa so disappointed .
0	i downloaded this and it start over in the middle of the download a bad one this one and it still cost me so watch when getting this song !
0	first off . i am a big fan of hln which is why i bought this cd . this cd ha once again proved that music is a business and this wa just that . business . huey wa quoted recently that he ha employee and want to keep them employed , with benefit . interview with ew : so there is got to be a market out there . but how you get to them , i have no idea . and you know what ? i am not interested . - huey lewis on cd sale . aside from jumping on the yesterday bandwagon with the like of rod stewart , sheryl crow and others , the news a usual delivers a great polished performance worthy of one of the best backing band in the history of music . hueys voice however lack enthusiasm and sound forced to say the least . most of the positive 4 and 5 star review on here are from hlns website . huey singing about a turd in a toilet would be 5 star to them ! i strongly encourage you to skip this one and purchase another cd from hln from their heyday ( 1980 - 1999 ) . on that note , if huey want to secure his employee , why not release a dvd box set or original material ?
1	while clearly a tremendous technical achievement , this 2cd set is at the same time ranging and intimate in it expression - both explosive and contemplative . i love it !
0	typical , i love pitbull , but you have fallen into a same old same old rutget some new blood in the machine baby !
1	great song
1	nice mix of song .
1	i have an original promo copy of this unknown gem - from when it wa released . after year of play , i needed a replacement and i found this pristine copy for a very fair price . it arrived sooner than expected and packaged properly for shipment . thanks to amazon and their affiliate .
1	prince . wa . one . of . the . greatest . of . all . time . and . i. love . his . music
0	eh more fluff than substance
1	i heard this song on the radio and loved it . it really make you think if jesus wa never born we would not have christmas . jesus is the reason for the season and this song reminds u all of that .
1	these remixes are slammin ! you will dance and laugh outloud . warning ! this stuff is explicit . headphone at work , and in public , are reccommended . jonny mcgovern is genious . the remix of do not fall in love with a homo took his already riotous , totally barry white inspired , slow jam and made it a dance club classic . check it out . you must .
1	i just discovered rosi golan . o lucky me ! she sings song of the heart from her heart and doe so with a depth of feeling that is rare . such longing so beautifully expressed . innocent . she us the minor mode in a way that express this longing and this innocence perfectly . with rosi golan there is no cynicism and she understands that love is the solution to everything , that it must be real and true love , and that such love doe exist . all the song are wonderful but i especially recommend come around , think of me , and yesteryear if you want to be transported to a place in the heart of real love . thank you rosi
0	did not download . pissed
0	the cd control system get 5 star hand down . the problem is that there are only 16 track although the cd ha 17. track # 2 is missing when you download it .
1	enjoyed this album very much .
0	occasional ( just a few but enough to keep you awake if you are trying to drift off ) popping noise and brief second where there is no sound occasionally . only found this with his recording and i have not tried them all . wish i could return this purchase a i will not be listening again . : /
1	great !
1	i use to hear that song without knowing the title . i finally found it and i am enjoying it . thanks to amazon for making purchase so easy and good quality music .
1	all of phyllis hymans song made me cry . even this one . beautifully sung . www.k-mille.net
1	the cd got to pr in no time , it wa in great condition and it wa overall perfect since i love manson and his new album
1	great album !
0	still a glorious voice . but the arrangement suck . too lounge-y . only a piano when some of these require lush arrangement .
0	unfortunately this album doe not contain all of the shanty which is a shame , since they are great and really strike a personal chord with me since i am in the military and these are very similar to our cadence . since this album doe not contain all of them , here is the youtube video with 35 of the 36 shanty . [ . ]
0	rip off , not the song it claim to be . it is someone speaking in another language .
1	this is a wonderful soundtrack for a beautiful and thoughtful show . highly recommended that you see the show . currently playing in lahaina , maui , hawaii .
1	i am just starting to get interested in classical music . this a great bargain . i do not like all of the song but there is a wide variety ; some very familiar . if you want a great overall selection at a great price , this is a must have .
1	i love this song . anything featuring david byrne is going to be brilliant , never heard of this band/group before .
0	a i began listening to this album , two cyclist started chasing me down the street ! i got no action from this album at all .
1	love it !
1	beautiful , haunting and take me back in time . ani williams is the best when it come to doing her version of egyptian music . her music just feel right
0	when it ha came down to rihanna , she ha honestly been one of the most severely overexposed artist of the past decade , and sadly the quality of her voice ha slowly withered away . kanye west ha not been musically better with his frill , from marrying kim kardashian , to making his stage antic on taylor swift and recently beck on his grammy-winning album of the year . now , for the two of them to team up with paul mccartney , the question is have they have better in their art , well the answer is absolutely no . kanye showed it badly on only one , now with fourfive second , the two of them do not ignite in the heart , instead they have shown to be a whimper of themselves in voice , and in chemistry with sir paul . overall , i wasnt even impressed with the song , and honestly much worse than what the two of them have done in song before . if you are a die hard paul mccartney fan , i would sincerely pas this one up , because four and five second , feel more like wasted time overall . song : f
1	i can relate to this song all the way around because my father passed away in 2011 and he including my mother and i knew it wa his time to let go . i listen to this song in memory of him .
1	love it !
0	terrible sound quality ! i bought the vinyl and i barely even recognized the song because it wa so warped . dont buy the vinyl version . even worse , i missed the return date . i am stuck with it .
0	i really do not appreciate amazon not allowing u to use our reward dollar available on our credit card when we buy mp3s . i do not accrue that many reward credit on my credit card , it would be much more fair if we could use those towards mp3 purchase .
1	this music relaxes and soothes . i am anxiously awaiting the next damien escobar cd .
1	10 year is one of my favorite band . you can really tell they put a lot of effort into their work . while i still prefer autumn effect , this album is solid , but that is not surprising at all . i really do not think 10 year is capable of producing crap . their music and the vocal are just too good . : )
0	this cd is heavy duty sad . if you are a heroin addict , this cd may cheer you up . i only liked one song on the cd and i am a lucinda fan . this is not a feel-good cd .
1	i saw paul simon live 2 day before this album came out . usually when you see an artist and they have new stuff , you generally do not want to hear it , you wan na hear the hit . this wa a special case . he played about 5 or 6 song from this new album and literally had the crowd begging for more . i wa blown away . he talk about how he spent some time in the amazon , going on a spiritual journey , drinking this root tea which turned out to be ayahuasca , and seeing spirit . for a 74 year old man , it is quite impressive and hilarious . i am very excited to finally own this whole album .
1	i love jason album !
0	his commentary around the song on this version of live at massey hall wa sarcastic and disrespectful to the man who lived on the ranch . i would seen a youtube clip of him at massey hall where he talked about buying the ranch and how an older man lived there and he would written the song for him . it wa kind , and touching , and the song itself wa great . look for another year at massey hall , i am !
0	did not like the way it wa sung . fortunately it wa free because i certainly would not choose to buy it .
0	ok , so it ultra new age and designed for meditation , etc . it still doe not work for me but that may be just personal .
0	uninspired garbage . such a disappointment . i have been with manowar since their first album and have been waiting for this one to come out . i could not be more unhappy . uninspired is the best way to describe it . it seems so half-assed when compared to their previous album .
1	christina and blake sound wonderful together ! who would have guessed it . : )
1	a star is born !
0	there wa only one song . i wa ripped off . i felt cheated . amazon please let customer know how many song are on a cd !
1	get hype
1	nice sound but you need a very quiet environment to listening yo yo ma
1	great song is time of need when you need to lifted up . my soul do say yes to the creator of this universe . lord , i thank you and continue to bless brian wilson . this man can sing anything that is family oriented and church .
1	i think this is a great album . there is not one song i dislike on this cd . i defiantly recommend buying this album .
0	horrible . do not buy it . i would rather suck puke through a straw . this is the worst song i have ever heard . yuk .
1	great quality . super fast download !
1	replacing old lp and cassette music with mp3 or cd . i like the mp3 option since many cd ( album ) only contain a couple keepworthy song .
1	if your a fratellis fan like me you will love this album .
0	gift
0	not good
1	love it . hate it . it is going to live on a one of the greatest album of all time . forever remembered a the band that made the majority of people remember what good rock music wa , ( some of u knew . it wa called the underground scene ) i mean let face it , if anyone remembers 1991 ( and i do not mean being 8 ) you know that smell like teen spirit blew everyone away . mainstream rock wasnt supposed to be that good . not at that time anyways . it changed the mainstream . for the better ? i dunno , . basically hmmm , i wonder what they will like next remember the spin doctor ? bush ? yea . a far a the underground go . i have never read any underground legend say anything bad about nirvana . biafra , rollins , joey ramone , iggy . heck iggy used to go to nirvana show and go insane . if anything ive heard all of them say how much they were flattered about being inspiration to nirvana music . yea , even jello . bottom line is this : they put out 3 lp , 1 b-side lp , a acoustic album that blew everyone away a 2nd time . and basically had everyone talking . act like korn , system of a down , tool , manson , blink , where are they gon na be in 10 year . more importantly how are they gon na be remembered ? i have no idea , but i know how nirvana is going to be remembered for the next billion . this album is the reason why . nevermind .
1	yes it is a great song !
0	i bought album for some old favorite i remember . the playlist list the correct song title but the song that play is different . most song are probably correct but four of my traditional favorite ( when irish eye are smiling , who put the overalls. , macnamaras band , etc ) were not really what played . very strange but a waste of money .
0	a great slow song . i loved this slow song when i wa a teen in high school . i think it came out immediately after if i ever . i thought the tall one wa sooooooo fiiiiiiine ! not too long after , i became a freshman in college . music ha always been a great companion of mine . their unison are great . harmony a+ . their tenor and baritone voice are great in this song . it is a classic . they remind me of the guy from the platter , i think that is my grandparent generation .
0	i heard this song in my church and the band wa great . it wa soooooo much better at my church than this slow jamz soul version .
0	i saw anointed at toccoa fest , and immediately went and bought the album . i wa disappointed , only enjoyed a few song . the only time the listen to the album is when i have trouble sleeping . do not waste your time and money
1	i like the rythm
1	love
0	i wa hoping for something better than this . i have been reading all the rave review and wondering if amazon downloaded a different version for me than the rest . my first impression wa , sale of the 7 string must be down . time to over use it again . i love , love , love vai . i do not love story of light . i can not even give a coherent explanation why at this point . i made it through the first listen and wa thankful that i only spent the money on the download . his tone is brilliant , his playing is still out of this world . i have loved him and his quirky composing since flex able . this one is a miss . though there are some high point , they quickly come down and stay there most of the time . i will not waste our time giving you a song by song review . buy it and judge for yourself .
1	what can i say ? the world is just not ready for this musical genius who go hard at making his music solid , original and unique . i have been a fan since day one when i heard addiction on the radio following diamond girl . then , i wa too outdone when i learned he produced cassie me & you , cherri denniss hit i love you . finally , he put out his first self-titled album ryan leslie that shouldve went platinum . there were some major hit on that album that i am very upset a a fan did not get the recognition it desereved . but , the world just wasnt ready ! now , my fav underated artist/producer is back with his second album transition and i must say it is a transition from his first one . on this album ryan is more laid back and taking thing slow . i am in love with the infectious sunday night . i am also glad he put awesome resuce you ( which is only on the bonus cd ) . your not my girl is a funky moderate track that take you back to the olskool.zodiac is another groovy track . overall , this album it totally different than the first one . but , a a loyal fan i am gon na say get the album anyway and support this talented man ! next selection !
0	i wa looking for strictly disney song to be played by string , no singing . the music sample clip are mis-leading because the song color of the wind , a whole new world and beauty and the beast all had terrible singer singing along . i do not understand why it is 101 string ochestra and then singing for a few of the song . it feel like there were some singer that loved these song and just had to sing while the rest are purely instrumental . those three song were what made me purchase this cd . had i known there would be terrible singer singing along to the music , i would not have bought this cd . the music for all of the other song are really nice though ; they are what i wa looking for . listening to a whole new world right now make me want to gouge out my eye ; singer sing at such a slow pace and it sound like they are amateur singer at the local karaoke .
1	my 3.5 year old fell in love with this song when it came on our tv cable-channel music station . it is now a frequent player . he here is dozen of song a day , but this one wa a sticky one .
1	i really liked this album when it first came out . one of the song wa even featured on starsky and hutch . do not give up on u baby wa a great go to song for couple and i really liked the rest of the song a they have a nice layed back feel to them and a sort of southern flavor or new orleans flavor . it is hard to explain . each song can hold it is own . even though david soul is best known a an actor/director he did a great job with playing to an audience of one . i do not believe you will be disappointed with this selection .
0	the song that i wanted is cut off and doe not end correctly . it stop in the middle of a phrase . i could not use it .
0	again amazon.com did not download my purchase . this is not the first time but it is the reason i do not keep or alow amazon.com software or cooky on my computer . amazon.com ha used them to erase kindle book . that wa the greatest act of malicious malware i have ever come across . so now i eliminate all software , ie , the amazon.com music player , and the amazon.com cooky both of which were use in the malware attack on my kindle library . when amazon.com wa notified of this there response wa , wasnt me . again i warn buyer beware of amazon.com .
0	it is totaly amazing that this wa created . what make sindel think that horrid classical march will sound better when played ( very badly , i might add ) on electric guitar . the tone he us are more annoying then a cat fight under your bedroom window . this is totaly unlistenable garbage that ha no merrit whatsoever . this might well be the worst cd i have ever bought . i hope this will be the total extent of sindels musical offering . putrid !
0	pre ordered it and when the album wa released i only got 4 song in stead of all of them on the album release date
1	i had a favorite album back in high school entitled the rock album . can not seem to locate it anywhere . but here , on amazon , i can piece the album together using itunes ! voila !
1	if you like blue and you like rock , this is your ticket . not only can joe play some awesome guitar , he is also got a great voice to go along with it . i just now discovered joe and am in love with his music ( my wife is too ) . great guitar , great singing , great beat , great band . what more can you ask for ? if his other work is a good a this , then i will end up owning every cd he ha . seriously , if you do not like this cd and you like the blues/rock genre then you need to go see a doctor .
0	i think it is a shame that they have their friend writing review suggesting that they sound anything like lacuna coil or echo of eternity . this is by far the worst cd i have gotten in a long time , and the first that made me write a review . the singer may be the worst i have ever heard . even my cat cd sound better . i am very bitter about the $ 15 i gave away for this awful attempt at gothic music .
1	i love everything adele sings .
0	i purchased this remastered lp to replace my worn out 30 year old mobile fidelity vinyl copy of from the mar hotel and have to say that while i am a fan of most of friday music reissue this remaster sound like it wa transferred directly from a digital source such a a cd straight to lp . it sound bright and forward from the very start to end and i have an warm sounding all tube preamp . my old mobile fidelity japan pressed 30 year old copy sound much more natural and is superior in almost every way . in fact i panicked and bought a used mint copy on amazon from a wonderful seller a few day later . earlier last year mofi wa supposed to re-release this album on lp but decided not to at the last minute and friday music picked up the licensing right instead . this reissue is not all bad though , a i found phil leshs bass guitar sounded very full and rich throughout the recording and the lp is indeed a very quiet pressing at 180 gram . it wa pressed at rti in california and very good quality control standard were obviously taken by the staff that produced this recording .
0	man i hate getting my hope up only to be disappointed . the hype over this album wa said that it wa supposed to be the best produced album in year by jackyl . that might be true , but the materiel wasnt worth producing well to begin with . there is a bunch of filler among a couple of meh song . not one single song here stick out above the rest a the best song on the album . they all are a mediocre at best rating . nothing here is worthy of being added to the live set or worthy of being added to the listing of jackyls best of . usually i like when jackyl do cover version , but even everyones a winner here is a song that is just meh , not a song i liked before and still do not . the only track that seemed to have anything going for it wa the final one , but then again , how many time is jessie dupree going to try and write the same song ? enough with the rev it up and go already . the same can be said for just because i am drunk . it is just a watered down version of secret of the bottle . i do not get why some have already said rally is a favorite of theirs ? the song sound silly with lyric rally , rally , rally , uga , chugga , ugga chugga . really ? wa this inspired by wanting to see a rally car being driven by that 20 year old dancing baby animation thing ? not to mention the chorus seems to be something they slapped over another song and it sound out of place together . this album ha failed to rock me , roll me or jackly me off in any way . sure , the production is good , but you know what they say about something in particular that you can polish . the attempt at a deeper sound of metal too doe not seem right for jackyl . it sound more like them trying anything to keep current , and thats not why fan stick with them . i have not given up hope , and think jackyl can still bounce back , but they sure are not the same band they once where . they really need to find themselves again and work out what made their first couple of album great . nothing here is worthy of being noteworthy of a jackyl classic .
1	i love the new cd .
0	she can not even do a soft song without it being at the schubert or oneil theater . i would suggest you get the ala carte from her massive library here at itunes . there are some great thing .
1	man i wore this cd out when i wa a kid . and the music is timeless . best compelation i ever had and i got it with a burrito . you do not get any better than that .
1	love casting crown . their song always speak to my heart . always uplifting . one of their best song yet . like to hear more
0	a lot of people have praised this disc - but i am not one of them . this recording is many thing , but the soundtrack it is not ! despicable me ha a very good film score composed by pharrell williams with the addition of a number of song also written by him . this disc ha the song that appeared in the film - but not one note of the score ! despicable is the word for this disc - because it only delivers a small sample of the film background music . and the score is a significant element in any film . without the score , all this disc doe is deliver the icing on the cake without the cake . if , like me , you enjoy film score , then this disc is one you should skip .
1	awesome brings back many memory of good time , i am a sucker for the oldie
0	this wa given to me from my daughter and son-in-law a a joke . because it is . all the 4 & 5 star review crack me up ! especially the one from the holier-than-thou hard core dylan fan . particularly the one who are snubbing their nose down at u critical one who just do not get it . lolololol ! the review are about a entertaining a the cd itself . the 5 star review are so serious ! unbelievable . ( same thing on itunes- if you want some great entertainment , read the review there for both camp . hilarious ! ) i do not care if you are a bob dylan connoisseur , you have got to know horrible singing when you hear it and a total mismatch of voice to genre . though i find this cd of immensely more entertainment value than listening to say , some opera singer like domingo trying to convince u that he can sing pop , it is horrible in the worse way ! more horrible than rod stewart trying to sing jazz standard , even . it is so horrible it is so * entertaining * ! i am going to share this with all my fellow conductor and music grad student . a well a non-musical friend . i know they will howl with either delight or pain or both ! one of the best thing about this cd is the juxtapositioning of the very lovely backup singer who are almost angelic . with them contrasted against dylan singing it is almost like he hired them to totally mock him ! oh man , i am listening to this a i type . it hurt my throat so much just listening to him . a one die-hard fan said , this will indeed become a landmark album- much in the same way that william shatners the transformed man is . thank you , bob dylan , for this wonderful christmas present . we will listen to it , or a portion of it , every christmas just for a tear-producing laugh . it is a good thing that christmas is in [ his ] heart because it definitely aint in his voice !
0	i am not normally a fan of remixes , and in this case there is no exception . if you have not bought the original onerepublic album ( dreaming out loud ) that ha this song on it , you are missing out . i understand timbaland helped onerepublic get started , but there is no reason for taking credit for someone el song . i feel that timbalands contribution to the sound/mix of the song could easily have been left out . i much prefer the original mix to this version .
1	this song is very special to me a i am a proud navy wife . any song that honor the military is great . this song wa played at the funeral of a very special navy seal . it always brings tear to my eye .
0	this cd contains the censored version . when cash say the son of bitch you will hear beeeeep instead . what are we , 10 year old ? the at san quentin original version is uncensored . i am not sure what other version are uncensored , but definitely this one is . when this song is not censored , it is a 5-star song that put a smile on your face .
1	it omnia enough said : )
0	i am a big rage fan , and wanted the edited version to play while i drive a school bus . i paid $ 9 for all the clean version on amazon . imagine my surprise when i found they were not edited ! i contacted amazon and wa given a refund , and told them about the error . make sure you get what you pay for !
1	i have got to admit , i have had this cd since it first came out . i am just writing a review now , better late than never . i give the cd is 5 star . yes it is a mellow cd , but it is awesome . just like paul stanley 1978 kiss solo cd , ( my personal favorite ) wa the most mellow of the four , his song i feel were the stongest . just like that cd his live to win cd may be mellow but the song , the vocal and the playing is top notch . paul is a master craftsman of song . he always writes the best music , then put his songcrafting ability to it . definatly a 5 star cd . this is paul stanley at his best . rock on .
1	california love the greatest song of all time why everybody go to cali it is mostly the west coast , a for me florida is almost like california , i live in orlando which is mostly part of central florida . especially all part around the sunshine state .
1	when i bought this cd , i did not know what track were on it . so i am listing the track . this is a live album , but do not know if it is recorded at once , since it stop between track . cd1 1 foxey lady 4:50 2 i do not live today 5:29 3 red house 10:49 4 spanish castle magic 11:26 5 star-spangled banner 2:23 6 the wind cry mary 3:41 7 burning of the midnight lamp 3:48 8 fire 2:47 cd2 1 purple haze 5:51 2 voodoo child ( a slight return ) 9:15 3 sunshine of your love 4:14 4 voodoo child ( reprise ) 3:23 5 catfish blue 7:43 6 killing floor 5:07 7 can you please crawl out your window 3:02 8 hey joe 6:12 the cd ha no booklet , so there is no information about when or where this live album wa recorded . i am not a die-hard hendrix fan so i would not know if these were previously released or not , by just listening to them . the quality of the music doe sound a little bit unusual , like if i wa listening to a cassette that is been played too much , not your usual cd clarity . but maybe this is common of live recording , i do not know , or if the music is bootleg or whatever . or maybe it is my cd player fault . but i bought this cd at 1 cent price , so overall i am pleased with this purchase because jimi hendrix is a good artist .
0	not a good a i hoped it would be
0	this is a rather strange compilation . the individual track have little in common , other than that they were made for movie . this is a mix of monophonic and stereo track a well a of instrumentals and vocal . it contains fairly new music a well a some very old music . the audio quality is quite good though some of the older track do have that narrow band sound that mark many sound track . this mixed bag ha very little going for it . it would have been far better is they would selected the track in some manner . it would have been far better a a collection of music from early film or of more recent film . a it is , it is a hodge podge that i really can not recommend to anyone .
