0	imo , this sound like something i couldve done with a toy saxophone . awful . listen to the preview . if you can get passed the sample and think it sound great , then go for it .
1	i like this song there is not a lot i can say other than i like it and so do my friend
1	bought this before going to see the show . well done . the show wa awesome ! looking forward to reliving the show with this cd . came with a digital copy via amazon musich which i use mostly to listen to music anyway so that wa a nice suprise . the cd is new and work great too .
0	i have been a big boc fan since the 1970s , and have gotten most of their album along the way , but imaginos wa one that got away from me . i have seen many online comment about how great it is , and how much money the original cd ha brought in online auction . so , when this reissue wa released , i had to pick it up . well . it really doe not do it for me , i am afraid . the problem is that , first of all , it doe not sound like a boc album , and , a i recently discovered , it is not . it is a solo album by bocs drummer , albert bouchard , and seems to be an attempt at a rock opera . despite the effort of musician such a joe satriani and robbie krieger , the song are ponderous and hardly distinguishable from one another . the rather pointless re-do of astronomy seems to indicate that there wasnt enough material to work with . and if you are going to call this a boc album , you have got ta have buck dharma , who get short shrift here . the word is that the record company insisted that imaginos be released a a blue oyster cult album , apparently realizing that this material wasnt going to be too saleable on it own . the album is not a total disaster ( i kind of like the baron frankenstein number ) , but i am very glad that i did not pay $ 100.00 for it on ebay ! i would have been much happier with a reissue of bocs club ninja , and hope to see that happen sometime soon . ( p 07/27/08 : club ninja is coming soon ! )
1	always a classic song . great quality , too .
1	1. let me hold your hand-moonglows 2. baby sweet-strollers 3. false love-strollers 4. back to school-tornados 5. when i look at you-encores 6. all my life-four top 7. flirting with florence-larks 8. kiss me baby-four top 9. three time mama-tilters 10. remember-chesterfields 11. that is the way i feel-tornados 12. jingle jangle joe-ravens 13. starlight-fortunes 14. you should not have said that-flips 15. they call me a fool-savannah churchill & group 16. so long-el ray with willie dixon 17. dirty bird-flips 18. studio dialogue for track 19 19. make it soon-sonnets 20. three wishes-sonnets 21. goody gumdrop-mellowlarks 22. my baby is fine-fortunes 23. woke up this morning-four top 24. studio dialogue for track 25 25. slop stroll walk-moonglows 26. i want you to know-coronets 27. good lovin daddy-esquires 28. sugar mama-orbits 29. simon says-ravens 30. danny boy-encores
0	i love bob dylan and so i bought a christmas cd thinking it would be in his unique style . i wa very disappointed . his sound doe not work with these song . it is not enjoyable . the backup singer are bright and sound young and angelic , which contrast nicely with bob throaty sound , but the choice of song wa wrong . sorry bob !
0	i downloaded it .
0	not even enough here to rate ! it cut out and off before you can distinguish anything on it . do not like it .
1	yes ! yes ! yes !
0	i love this song , but the amazon music app will not play it or save it to my phone .
1	dr. octagon paramedic fetus of the east with priest , i am from the church of the operating room . with the strike support scalpel since the holocaust , i do indeed in greed explore meet the patient . back to broom with the nurse with the voodoo curse . holding up office light standing at huge height . back and forth , left wing , swing to north , east and south with blood pouring down your mouth . i come prepared with the white suit and stethoscope , listen to your heartbeat , delete beep beep beep ! your insurance is high , but my price is cheap . look at the land . blue flower ! drawing by the purple pond , in the purple pasture blue flower ! drawing by the purple pond , yellow ink that flow blue flower ! drawing by the pond , look , it is raining yellow . would you care to listen to me more ? thank you ! holding bag on down right from the hospital , it is a patient that is worth to keep the germ off the turf . cybernetic microscope and metal antidote , two telescope that magnify the size of a roach . three computer to a cup of coffee planted with my hand and astro-planets detached turn on rear foggers cut the light on the kid , and turn the bright on . supersonic wave combine and burn a brain wave . i see the mascot of evil he is not kneivel . shakespeare gone do not even think about it ! yes , a i am going to the park , i see . blue flower ! it is raining green , by the pond blue flower ! it is totally raining green , pouring blue flower ! i smell the bee and the bird blue flower ! different aspect of life , blue flower .
0	i think it is time for tony bennett to cut these duet album . though i do not prefer spanish singing , some song are nicely done . but my main complaint about this album is that more than half the song on this album were already used on his previous 2 duet album . with all the great classic song to pick , why recycle the same song ? i do not get it .
1	incredible musical talent and so inspirational ! love love love it !
1	i bought this for my daughter who just turned 6. she love it . we listened to it over and over during our recent 10-hour car trip . it brought me to tear to hear the old song that shaped my spirituality when i wa young , and i am so thrilled i can share it with my daughter .
1	one of my favorite dylan album . a masterpiece !
0	i went through day of singing this over and over .
0	basically my sister ( 16 year old ) is listening to this garbage in the other room , and it is aggravating ; i do not like shopping at the mall , and this music is teleporting me there . it is the definition of insipid , and exactly what any big chain store need to keep it customer shopping happy , and thus spending dough . in other word , this music is a blessing for any corporate chain store that want something inoffensive to bolster the customer shopping experience . it is highly recommended that one doe not expose themselves to this music voluntarily though . to do so would expose you to a propaganda that is detrimental to the one world view in small , and the world at large . anyone who like this doe not like music , but i would not know , i do not like music either-i like mogwai-good boy from glasgow scotland that know how to rock . for if it dunnae rock ti piss
0	did not like this version of his . i thought i wa getting the studio version with the girl back-up singer . oh well .
0	after a couple of day , song refused to play . had to download from another server .
1	for country music fan such a myself who have spent many hour searching for hard to find recording of the music of schuyler , knobloch and overstreet , judy rodman , and schuyler , knobloch and bickhardt , this cd is a must for your collection . this cd cover most of the major hit of these artist that are almost impossible to find on cd . judy rodman , who wa a minor success ( and mtm record only artist before folding ) in the early to mid 80 ha several of her best known hit on this release . from the up tempo girl ride horse too to the memory laced until i met you , these two song are just a few of the hard to find gem on any cd of any type . i wa absolutely estatic to find the schuyler , knobloch and overstreet song you can not stop love in this collection . this is a song that i have searched for on cd for 3 year . this cd also ha rarity from the girl next door ( slow boat to china ) , schuyler , knobloch and bickhardt ( baby got a new baby ) , and two becky hobbs selection ( jones on the jukebox , they always look better when they are leavin ) . if you are searching for these obscure recording on cd , this offering will not disappoint you .
1	i lost this song from my mp3 album . i noticed it wa missing and this wa not acceptable to me . this wa my first downloaded song from amazon a few year ago .
1	prince wa ahead of his time on this one . my grandchild like it and the older one understand it too .
0	too much fuzz not enough fan .
1	wonderful old song - not covered enough at all .
1	attunement is a true miracle . a live performance captured with a minumum of engineering and recorded in vivid , spectacular sound . those expecting another novus magnificat or aeterna need to open their ear to other vista they may never have suspected existed . but in the lens of dembys all-encompassing camera obscura , attunement range from the raw , sensual cry of the demby earth mother to the bachian passage of organ and chorus . the texture are constantly changing , like the color and fragrance of a secret garden . you round another corner and are greeted with an even more beautiful blossom than before . such is the power of attunement . this cd demand careful listening and will ultimately prove to be dembys masterpiece of spontaneous composition ( spontaneous combustion ? . it doe smoke at time . the fire from the earth inner core ) a stunning cd that deserves the widest possible exposure !
1	love it .
1	i can not understand why amazon want a review for music . most people would not buy the recording unless they liked and wanted it . i do .
0	only perso i know who enjoys this is my cousin , but he is deaf
0	this is not the full song , it is a little bit if the song and a bunch of meaningless narration . i actually want my money back . do not buy !
1	great music from a great series
0	could not get it to go to my music app on my phone just to amazon music app
0	i would recommend finding a different version to download . i absolutely love this song , it ha good sound quality , but they cut off the entire last word/note ! it drive me crazy and really ruin the track .
0	not my kind of music , downloaded them for a funeral
0	terrible use of auto-tune .
0	i absolutely love this song ! however , the quality of the recording that i got on my download is terrible . it is so quiet that even with the volume turned all the way up i can hardly hear it . it did only cost $ .25 so i guess i will live with it .
0	something tell me that nirvana could have acheived a much musicality if they were banging on garbage can a opposed to playing musical instrument . everybody think it wa korn , but it wa really nirvana who were the true founder of this nu metal teenage angst garbage . you can blame nirvana for all those annoying mallcore band like korn , nickelback , and linkin park who have dominated the rock chart since the 1990s . almost everything bad about today music started with nirvana- monotone vocal that explode into raging scream , wall of distorted guitar noise , and whiney lyric about how miserable life is . do you nirvana fan really believe all the hype about nirvana killing off hair metal and saving rock n roll ? nirvana had nothing to do with any of these thing . nirvana were not about music . they were about conformity and nothing more . just a corporate creation tailor made by a record company to exploit a trend and separate a bunch of gullable , immature , whiney suburban teenager from their money . they were the backstreet boy with guitar , basically . the linkin park of 88-94. i blame nirvana for everything bad that is happened to music in the last decade .
1	this song is awesome . i am not a huge fan of three day grace , but this is by far my favorite .
1	fabulous music , love the violin and the piano in the background . the music is beautiful and after a long work day it relaxes me . one of the best cd ever !
1	good song .
0	despite this being a label album , it really just another flame album . v rose only get one track to herself , and it the forgettable threw it all away . ever since clear sight separated from young noah due to creative difference , the label ha stuck with their two artist . yes , a lot of various artist from reach record , cross movement , and beyond are brought in to add flavor , but it flame project without question . and it ok , but it not a good a flame usual stuff , which ha been declining a of late in my opinion . i am kinda disappointed , a the guest did not shine particularly bright either , so i will give it a 2 , maybe a 2.5 no knock on the message , thats great . but i did not feel that this album wa that good overall .
1	awesome song and it is a timeless classic . i dare you through this on at the gym for the beach body pump
1	this is great sound and pink is good in everything that she sings . if you love this like i do get all of her music .
1	louisville represent . love supporting artist from my home state . laid back soul . you got ta listen to this .
0	this should be a lot better . however it is not . do not waste your money . sorry brian
0	such a huge gigantic dissapointment from one of my musical idol , boring !
0	i never ordered this . i hope it wa free .
1	great
0	dumb
0	if i wa having myself a bowel movement at a b-bq joint in anytown , usa and this came on mid movement , i would committ hari kari . it is that terrible . this make shania twain sound like mozart .
1	great ep
1	have 3 of their cd and love all three . love how they bring some old song back to new life god is great !
1	good song
0	wow geez one good song on this . it is a good song , the best song , but just that one song .
0	not impressed
0	this wasnt what i thought it would be . a lot of the song i have never heard before .
1	loving the new sound the boy are bringing to this new album so far ! can not wait to hear the rest of their album . the boy are awesome and so talented !
0	i like the cd or better said , prince music . my problem is the packaging is crap . i broke the cd in half just trying to get it out . the cd snapped like a potato chip . seriously . product quality mean everything , not just the music .
0	this skip too many line . she read line 1-7 then skip 8-12. read 13-30 , then skip 31-38. read 39-42 skip again 43-66 ! at first i did not know what wa going on . disappointed and not worth the money .
1	and lyric that remind me of the hauntingly wonderful lyric of belfast , bernie taupin sure can paint a picture wit word . can not wait for the album .
0	this poor rating is in no way reflective of the artist or the music which is fantastic . unfortunately i could not listen to more than one song on this record because it wa so scratched up . i know that is the risk you run buying the vinyl , but the seller did list this a good condition yet 90 % of it wa unplayable . very disappointed .
0	lenny usually writes his own music or at least take part in co-writing his song and i am sure this one is no exception . however , unlike many single off of lenny kravitz album , this song is not very magical . in fact , it fall flat on the floor . the guitar in the beginning is ok but then it fade for a long time . the lyric are repetitive and unexciting and the song doe not explore like you would want it to . sorry , lenny . maybe next time ! 2 star . end note : at least he still look good though . i hope his next single is more original and heartfelt , and le clich and boring . this one sound like he wa so uninspired when they went in the studio to work the magic .
0	amazing how far this could be removed this is from their previous album . monotonous un imaginative songwriting and arrangement .
0	i did not like it because i wa looking for lp not single . anyways , i sent it back and i wa quickly processed for money return . it wa needing more information on the add .
0	i just received my cd and based on the way it wa packaged and the inside of the cd case , it is not new a advertised . the cd wa re-packaged with plastic , the inside piece that hold the cd in place is broken and the broken piece are missing so i know it did not some how break during delivery , the case itself is scratched inside and out and the insert with the information about the cd ha mark on it . i do not appreciate paying for a product that is sold a new when that is clearly not the case . i will never buy anything from kristen overduff-abud again !
1	used this for my uncle funeral and the download did the job it wa used for . not much to say about a music mp3
1	i like listening to demi lavatos music . she is pretty good . i bought it for my kindle fire hd . you should like it too .
1	love this song . start my day out with it .
0	just not the same a bon jovi
0	sorry all you dude who will flip over this but using god name that way over and over is childish and ignorant ! like the uneducated idiot that can not make a sentence without a foul word in it . seriously guy it unintelligent !
1	this soundtrack is one of my favorite album ever . the movie is great , and so is the soundtrack . kevin spacey doe a great job all around !
1	never heard of the hand pan until i watched some video on youtube . loved the sound of the instrument and thought i would give it a try to help me sleep . had one of the best sleep in a long time . maybe it wa a one off , but this wa encouraging . time will tell .
1	this album reminded me why i loved the newsboy so much through the 90 and 2000s . these song are a great mix of catchy tune , fun lyric , and biblical truth . furler and his co-writers have a way of taking some pretty deep concept and putting word and music to them that work perfectly together . the highlight of the album for me is it is alright ( for lazarus ) . i heard the song for the first time when i wa running and nearly had to stop and have a good man-cry . it is a song written from the perspective of jesus to his friend lazarus and is a powerful anthem about the victory of jesus over death . a few other highlight for me include shame , right wrong girl , and dare i say . truthfully , i enjoy all the song on this record and i am thankful that a talented songwriter and musician like peter furler is still putting out quality music . it is a great reprieve to the increasingly packaged and generic fluff on christian radio .
1	purchased for my 7-year-old niece mp3 player this past christmas . clear download , nice song , decent price , no problem completing transaction .
0	7 second of what , the hunger game intro ? do not get this download . you will regret it . need i say more .
1	i love this song ! i also like this girl is on fire ! i love her ! i look forward to her next album !
0	ordered and paid for 3 song . only one song down loaded . amazon site said all 3 were down loaded . my e-mail to them for help wa never answered . customer service suck !
1	this is a good song do not wa easy to download with no problem at all sure the album is good
1	i love me some brad paisley .
0	total ripoff ! this is not the whole song , it is like a 30 second sound bite from the song . i would request a refund except it is not worth my time for $ 1.29 . save yourself a buck and do not buy this .
1	this is terry fator . what more can you ask for ? a must have for the real die hard terry fator fan .
0	the song wa fine but it downloaded a zip file . i only wanted it to load to my other amazon music file/windows medium of my pc . now i can not load the song onto my android phone . i tried over and over again . the amazon download procedure are too directed toward buying more amazon service and absolutely do not make me happy a a customer . will someone call or email me and straighten this out .
0	leonard cohens song have been part of the soundtrack for important part of my life , including a year in vietnam . i used to sing suzanne to my boy when he wa little . but . . .i really do not think ten new song is all that great . i am glad someone gave it to me , tho .
1	awesome cd . listen all the way through .
0	if it where possible , i would leave zero star ! one of the worst album i have ever purchased .
1	omg i have two copy of this album . too bad it still not on cd but it my 3rd favorite cher album . star being my favorite . get your copy before it too late and it truly is more rare then it already is now . my favorite song are long distance love affair , ( the only single ) i would rather believe in you , and it is a cryin shame ! i believe this album is highly underrated and deserves more credit !
1	awesome value ! this is a great mix of classic christmas tune , instrumental and vocal , and is perfect for having on in the background of a christmas party . for $ .99 there is no better value .
0	art garfunkel ? his version wa much better , more relaxed , and much smoother . i get the feeling this one wa a little out of mr. grobans range .
1	i wa happy to see that this track wa offered for sale , a it did not come on my original man of la mancha cd . i feel that , with the exception of the el hombre de la mancha madrid recording , this is the best recording of the show out there .
0	the sad part about all this is that anyone searching for the original hit that inspired this knock-off collection might get one of these instead . even worse , they might mistake it for the original . collection like this need more one-star review to help steer nostalgia fan toward the song that will truly satisfy them .
1	some of my favorite music from back in the 80 . brings back so many wonderful memory ! the cd arrived in perfect condition !
1	i could not wait for bruno to drop his new album . i love his style . i grew up listening to different genre of music . my mom wa r & b . dad loved funk/soul and all true 80 baby should love new jack swing . he wa able to incorporate all of it on 1 album . hand down a masterpiece . whole album on repeat .
0	his vocal are too modern country . the song are depressing and mundane . they are all too similar . it just go on for too long .
1	i have never been a huge death cab fan , but i love this new song . it modern , clean , and just a great song . if this is any indication of what to expect from their new album , i think it going to be great .
0	nothing of great interest . mostly a vanity project . quite disappointing , really .
1	i am touched by the depth of plumb song . it really resonates with the pain i am current healing from . thank you , plumb .
1	stevie is hot , young or older
0	here is how i feel about regina spektor : when i first heard her 4 or 5 year ago , i thought , wow ! she is really unique and awesome ! . then came her next record and i thought . hmmm sound pretty much like the one before it . she ha managed to continue this cycle for 5 straight record . i think that is a record or something ( pun intended ) . i just want to tell her , yea , we have got it , you like kick drum and rubato piano playing and repeating 1 word a million time for effect .
0	bought by mistake . not among kelly best ( check out ne-yos song of the same name ) .
0	not good
1	i do not agree with the earlier reviewer . the beat are pretty nice . if you are looking for strictly old school sounding beat , that have a very raw/rough feel and sound . the right mix/dj could fatten these up and then drop some serious vocal , etc on top . if , however , someone is looking for larger selection of beat , some with music , they could check out heat beat vol 1 by royalty free , then there is also a beat collection by a company called major league , or something like that . hope this help
0	only got this for a friend .
1	nice
0	ok
0	i liked both of the single , undead and no . 5 , that came out a while back . i threw this cd into my order to get free shipping . based on the single , which were decent rap metal , i wa expecting a rap metal cd . but this cd actually ha 12 white boy gangsta rap track and 2 rap metal track . huge disappointment and totally not what i wa expecting . the cd also contains song dedicated to california and la , talk about cliche . i think it is fitting that the re-release of this cd is called desperate measure ( to make money . ) i have already given the cd away . i guess if you are a fan of eminem copycat or icp , this is the cd for you , but i do not need to listen to poseur white kid rap about bitch , drug , and double-ds .
1	i just like it .
0	problem is not the music . but they apparently sent u a blank . four different cd player and not a one can read it . holding it up to a strong backlight i do not see track .
1	love it . ha a bluesy sound .
1	this song really won me over when i would watch the early full metal alchemist episode . then i decided to watch some more youtube video of her song . i wa sold . that wa when i decided to purchase this song . she reminds me of a japanese shakira . the donde estan los ladrones shakira : soulful , gritty , heart-thread tugging , soul speaking singer .
0	it is interesting to hear ernst speak , however , not stating this is 45 second long is almost misrepresenting itself . in fact , it is . listen to the free clip - you have heard 70 % of the interview . shame on you , amazon !
0	it ok but not iggys best
0	i downloaded this track by accident . this is the live version of the song . i wanted the original studio version .
1	great music . very inspirational .
1	this wa a well received gift . can not go wrong with john lennon anything .
1	this song wa just a i remembered it from my teen year . i really enjoyed listening to it . more than once .
0	i really did not like the music . i expected it to be christmas themed and exuberant like the other tso album i have . the few instrumentals were pretty good , but the other selection were boring .
1	awesome song !
1	classic al stuff . in his usual humorous style . early in al album every song is great .
0	i have purchased ton of song off amazon and have always been happy . i always make sure i click on the right album an look for an explicit label if there is one . sometimes there are multiple version of an album so i always listen to the sample . well this wa the only full version of her retail album , so i listened to the ur so gay preview and then purchased it . i put it on my ipod and listened to it and it is censored ! this is supposed to be the digital version of her cd that you can buy in the store . they should not be allowed to put it up a the only album and then be like haha it is a censored version when they do not offer the real version at all . now i am stuck with a censored song that feel out of place on my ipod and i wasted a dollar . i feel intentionally misled .
0	i saw anointed at toccoa fest , and immediately went and bought the album . i wa disappointed , only enjoyed a few song . the only time the listen to the album is when i have trouble sleeping . do not waste your time and money
1	i will always love 3 door down !
1	this is my favorite version of valerie : it ha personality , class , great performing style . oh , it is beautiful . i realy wish that it would be her signature song , not the i am not going to rehab , ( no , no , no , ) one .
0	i thought i wa buying the original recording from the 70 , but i bought some other modern song rendition -what a shame . amazon should not market classic music packaging to make it look like old music . who on earth want to listen to fake skynyrd ?
0	great song !
0	ordered item and it arrived without any of the descriptive literature and information . wa not like the picture . returned 1st one and ordered a second which wa identical to the first . also wa returned .
1	i got interested in al a cart when i come across them on youtube . beautiful lady with beautiful voice make for beautiful sound . plus i love the disco beat . little known now and little info about them anymore . they were popular in europe in the early 80 . i think they were english but played a lot in germany . do not think they did much in the u .
1	great song . i had no idea she wa rob shneiders daughter !
1	like steampunk ? well , this is electro-swing - and about half of the electro-swing album i find , i would call steampunk themed music . caravan palace is one of the best steampunk electro-swing album that i have found . i highly recomend it . be warned that it is mostly instrumental - though that is what i like about it ( it make it a bit more timeless ) . it is fantastic for driving , or background music at party . enjoy !
1	love this song !
1	this is a great sounding set which is very relaxing to listen to . i recomend it highly although i do not recomend the second set 100 more piano masterpiece .
0	cd wasnt what i thought it wa . wasnt the seller fault .
1	jackies voice ha really matured . a other reviewer have said and i agree with , this is hauntingly beautiful . this being the first single from her new album , i really can not wait to hear the other song from the album .
0	what a lazy production from pink floyd a it is supposed last album . very disappointed .
1	great album wet dream , and hello are definitely stand out song for me . hate it or not it seems drake ha brought the ja-rule day back where mc were willing to sing their own hook and i think j. cole doe it well on the track he doe it .
0	i guess i just expected a lot more from rob zombie . this album wasnt anything great . i hope the new movie will blow my sock off !
1	always liked simon & garfunkel .
1	with their sophmore album , lifehouse ha defenitely improved . their sound ha matured and become so much better ( not that no name face wa bad ) . the album first single , spin , is very energetic and uplifting ( and the video made me dizzy ) . a few other track to note are anchor , which is a powerful song , am i ever gon na find out , which is incredibly catchy , take me away , another very powerful one , and the beginning , which is beautiful enough to make me cry . lifehouse ha not let down with stanley climbfall . i strongly recommend it .
0	i came to this wanting to like it . i have been a fan of pink floyd since forever . i have all of rogers solo work , seen him a few time back in the 80 on the radio kaos tour and again for his dark side of the moon tour . i am a fan . my biggest concern with this album and to be honest much of rogers work is it is so unnecessarily bleak . if life is really that bad , get a puppy ! i mean , i find it insulting that this multi-millionaire can just continue spitting out this i hate this - i hate that and so should you drivel and just keep raking in the cash . i am not a dyed in the wool trump fan or anything else but is there anything positive roger can say here ? i listened to the whole album and found the track i liked were the one that had the same note a mother pig ( three different one ) and have a cigar the rest of it wa the same a amused to death , another album that i found so unnecessarily bleak , i got rid of it . then i bought it again thinking maybe i wa too harsh on it . i never listen to it . this is music to depress yourself to . who need that ? if i want to be depressed i will watch the news . i do not need to hear it in my music . life is not that bad and there is hope for the human race . i much prefer to think of roger water shining moment to be the tide is turning a truly optimistic song .
0	i thought this wa david rosenberg i.e . passenger . it is not and wasnt worth keeping . i tossed it in the trash . what a waste of $
1	grace is full of contradictions.in these troubled time it is no suprise . but she finally catch on that there is god who is flow of enduring love . the theme song deputy this in a haunting way .
0	i came of age during the 1960s and 70 . to this day the soundtrack of hair play in my head from time to time , and it ha a certain sound - robust , edgy , energetic , and raw . i agree 100 % with the reviewer who prefers to remember the original , when the clothes were not costume , and this wa not a period piece . the 2009 version feel like a group of juillard-educated musician bringing popular music to the upper crust . if you like this edition , at least also treat yourself to the original .
1	love it .
0	something my pocket purchased and played
1	this is our song for my boyfriend and me . mean a lot !
1	i love bronn journey harp music . thanks .
0	of all the song to choose to let people hear what amy macdonald is like with a free track , this one about the worst you could pick . i previewed some of her other track . not great . but definitely not a bad a this track . i do not think most people will give her a chance once they preview this one . not good .
0	poor
1	this is a good track from my teen year . it always make me happy when i rediscover a song from my childhood . i have not heard any of their other music , but this is a good track to get ; )
1	come on it is led zeppelin : d
0	unimpressive music .
0	so shocked that this album is rated so highly here . been a slipknot fan since the beginning . all hope is gone wasnt there best by any mean but i still liked it to some degree . but this is embarrassingly bad in my opinion . it is like a totally different band with corey still doing vocal . most cd grow on ya a time go . but after month of trying i just can not say anything good about this record accept for maybe 20 second clip in a song or two . that is because these song are all over the place . they just do not stay with any sound very long and why doe every song also have to have long slow start . the only positive i can think of is that this is a new album and that give me hope that they will come out with another sooner rather than later and hopefully it will be a return to form for them . i do not agree with those saying this is iowa 2.0. this is the worst album they have ever put out in my opinion and i hope they look for a new drummer . skip this chapter .
1	great song . love it .
1	all right , beyonce .
1	well it is wreckx-n-effect . what more need to be said . mr teddy riley did it yet again . with this group made up of his brother & cousin he killed the 90
1	this wa a pretty good album , i liked it overall but i cant say that it wa my favorite work of theirs ( that still belongs to to the pain ) , but the use of two guitarist really help out tremendously with the sound of the band , i would like to see them do more solo though . pretty much the only song i can recall off hand that i did not like wa razor , my two personal favorite on the album were pin & needle and never cared before .
0	ok not what i expected
0	this song first off wa confusing because i did not order it and thought i wa getting charged for soemthing i did not want . amazon . a little warning next time please . i still cant find the song i did order . anybody can help with this ? im going in circle here . secondly , the song wa annoying at first hear but it a positive message and kindda poppy . cross between old beatles music and alternative rock . least it not filled with suicide , violence and cursing . i will be looking into the group and if this wa meant a a promo , not a bad idea . agaion , amazon , a little warning next time before you just dump something on them . you need to make your uploading process easier . this is getting to be too much work for too little . i may stick to itunes
1	heard this song on the radio a few time and loved it . when i finally found out the name , i bought . it is cute and catchy , preview it and see ( hear ) for yourself = )
0	what a rip off of katy perry . wow ! how no one ha noticed is unbelievable !
1	this is a good beginner collection to classical music . it doe lack some key piece which is why i gave it four star ( no danse macabre , and vivaldi four season masterpiece are incomplete - just one part from each season ) . but overall i love it and i wa able to make back up disc for each artist . i highly recommend it !
1	this song is an awesome piece of musical poetry that talk of a lady accepting the loss of her relationship . it is not cry , but mere acceptance of the inevitable . toni braxton sound beautiful in it .
1	this is a favorite tune . thanks for the quick delivery to my kindle . i have enjoyed the tune many time and am still enjoying playing it .
1	i love his music and message
1	classic redman . glad to see him back
1	this young singer is beyond pavarotti or any other tenor , his voice is a example of perfection . his story make his music even more touching . i hope he get the attention of american . his voice is a banquet of healing to the heart .
0	yuck
1	beautifully written and sung . a song to listen to over and over . sound quality is good especially with headphone , oh yeahhhh .
0	great song , but the download version is only 128kbps . why is no higher quality version available ?
1	wonderful music that run the spectrum from very joyous to most somber . this is a great cd that reflects the life of christ in so many way , and i especially loved when it wa from the perspective of his blessed mother . very inspirational !
1	jojos voice is truly gifted ! she ha comeback with great force and can not wait for further music from her in the future ! this tringle is great !
1	it wa in florida when i first heard of the song see you again by miley cyrus back around 2007 on a local radio station . i wa driving in my car on the way to the grocery store and the carefree vibe of the song put me in a good mood ( iheartradio also feature this song on the miley cyrus radio station ) . anyhow from my perspective , see you again by miley cyrus appears to be about the singer being determined to go after the person that she feel very strong feeling for with the lyric im ready to aim . the music complement the song a well .
0	i heard the english version of veni sante spiritus on the divine office ap . i loved it and wante dto hear when i wanted . it wa adverized a being sold on amazon . i decided to buy it . so i clicked the link and purchased it from amazon . but it wa not the same version ! only one verse wa in english . i felt extremely disappointed ! i wanted the english version so very much . but i have no idea how to get amazon to either refund my money and/or get them to give me what i wa led to believe i wa buying : the english version of veni sante spiritus ! do not be fooled !
0	disappointed . nothing like their first track .
1	this is one of the greatest tune of the year , if not - ever . however , i ordered this cd thinking it had the clean mix on it , but it dosent , so now i get to buy another copy of this cd .
1	fun song , love it
0	i wa under the impression it had amazing grace with a pan flutist that i wa looking for . i wa very disappointed that it wa not !
0	the whole mp3 is just noise , not good noise , not even a lot of noise but noise . what a bunch of hooey . do not click on this one . the only reason i wa looking wa i tried steve g. jones and in two night have already noticed myself being more aware of my motivation and feeling more determined to make wise choice when eating . it is also an extremely peaceful way to fall asleep . but this one - boo hiss stay away . glad i only wasted $ .99 . whew .
1	classic
0	please get it off my kindle i want it off my kindle i can not stress this enough those of u with ocd are freaking out with all the clutter we can not get rid of .
0	love the song . hate the download process through amazon . i do not want your player amazon . you made the normal download link to small , like fine print . took me too long to figure out . made me grouchy .
0	not too sure about this one !
0	sick . trash deleting asap
0	problem with amazon music
0	way too much applause at the end .
0	did not like the song at all . i remove it from my download . very disappointed in the way it is song and the music .
1	tragically , it ha been one year since the world lost one of the most sincerest diva of the world , the great natalie cole . but if there is one thing that i have adored about natalie , is that she had always been so assertive and brilliant with the voice of her heart . something that many of her diva like rihanna , beyonc , britney spear and ariana grande have not been able to show at all . instead , they have made song that are cheaper than soulful from the absolute voice alone . natalie ha had a lot of great song that she recorded when she came back after personal vice and bankruptcy in the 80 , that nearly derailed her career and her life . in the 90 , she made peace with the passing of her beloved father , nat king cole , and went into jazz music , after year of r & b . but she had some great song for everyone alone . a smile like yours is one of those song that is worth listening to from beginning to end . she flexed her sweet , and beautiful voice in the movie track , with the same title name from 1997. it is a lovely song , and i think of this song from natalie , a one of her best in her lifetime . it rank just a high a song like miss you like crazy and everlasting love . i miss natalie so much , but i am deeply blessed she had a sincere voice , with a deep heart . natalie cole : 1950-2015 song : b+
0	low sound quality . i deleted .
0	another recording by orginal artist but at a later date without orginal arrangement . always disappointing . be forewarned . it wa revealed in very small print .
1	exactly what i wa hoping for ! heard the title song , you+me , and love that sound . lucky for me all the song sound just a good . listen to it everyday .
0	wa hoping for a little more shred like alien love secret , or even fire garden . but gospel and blue type singing ? . kind of a turn off . i do not think i will blindly buy another vai album . and that hurt to say .
0	yo redman ha always been one of my favorite . his first three album are off the chart . but this album sound like every other piece of crap to come out and call itself hip hop . what a bad album . ive waited this long for this . i do not know if reggie will ever get back his great sound . he need a producer , some one to make dope beat . this album is so mainstream so i hope all the people that buy the crap out there these day like it . im sad i wa so ready to buy this and now one of my favorite artist is no more . at least the wu keep it real . built for cuban link 2 wa great . reggie come on what happen did you stop smoking and listing to your music ?
0	it a live version and the song doe not start until around a minute in . not good to work out to .
0	must have been real drunk when i accidentally purchased this . would never listen to it ( and i tried ) .
1	there is just something about him that take me away . he is got this voice that is so unique that talk to your soul .
1	a damn awesome song .
1	. but not the people that sold it to me . it wa meant to be saved a an investment but when i got it it wa scratched in the front . very disappointed . : (
0	love the band , but there only one good song on this release . seriously , anything that say feat . in it is passe and unoriginal . if you are so good , why do you need help ? it is like every band saw that ozzy and lita ford had a hit together , and now everyone is doing it . seriously , keep the dj out . none of the good one know wtf they are doing . i will pas on this one . collide is much better , and 13 song at that .
0	mostly instrumental .
1	love this song
0	i am not thrilled with brandons solo effort . i find it boring . i find myself skipping most of the track and there are only 2 or 3 likable song out of 14. that is not what i wanted . i wanted 6-8 track that were very good not just 2-3. of course i did expect this album to sound different than the killer . but this difference is sound went the wrong way . everytime i have first heard a killer album i have loved it . i have listend to this album 6 or 7 time and still am not too thrilled . brandon you should recall this album and act a if it never happened . i hope the next killer album sound nothing like this or i will be disappointed .
1	always have been a journey fan
0	this is a very good song really pit me mind of new york : big sophisticated city image .
1	i love the song white christmas . michael and shania make a very good duet couple . very good christmas song for anyone .
0	not to much into the hard rock sound .
1	love them
0	terrible terrible terrible terribleit wasnt the original artist it wa a big scam it wa a remake by some artist i never heard of
0	very highly sought after album . and - it is very well done . to bad it is a pirated cd . this album ha never been issued officially on cd and if you buy it , you are supporting pirated music . but that is between you and your concience since amazon will not remove most of the pirated material it ha on it is site . and this one , it appears , is here to stay . after all amazon make a lot of money on the sale of these type of item .
1	great album - can not wait to hear more from this group !
0	that is quite stupid to put something that short on to be purchased . i will find something better . not worth it .
1	thank you so much , it is fantastic , i truly appreciate it , very very peaceful ! it is amazing the way it make you feel !
1	what is there not to like with billy currington . i excercise to must of done something right . easy slow so start with stretching then upper body movement . i have arthritis . so this is great for me .
1	wa looking for this song for a long time and did not want to buy an album with a bunch of music i did not want .
0	to small
0	i do not think anyone over the age of 16 like ( or can relate to ) nirvana or kurt cobain unless they are unemployed ( playing gig in a band doe not count ) . once you become become of that age , the most important thing are to aquire a decent-paying job and graduating high school . clearly , the people here are the pre-teen target audience . look at the misspelling , look at the abbreviation of even simple word , and look how poorly they try to communicate themselves . they would do anything for kurdt and are easily-lead . just look at the how they say listening to it make me like it . if you were accustomed to hearing a blender turned on at full speed with metal pellet in it every day , would you enjoy that ? same concept with these song . people like cody confuse familiarity with enjoyment . just because you have heard something before is not necessarily ground for you to like it .
0	i am a huge rascal flatts fan . i own all of their previous album . therefore , i wa all excited for this album to come out , even though , i wa not at all impressed with the song why wait . i held out hope that the remaining song on the album would be much better . they are not ! i would/will not waste any money on this album . it is a very big disappointment , especially judging it based on their previous work . they can and should be putting out better work than this .
0	would not download . error in file name .
1	love the work wish the cd had more track !
1	love this song . nate is a great praise and worship singer .
1	this is great and interesting music . this is music that is both creative a well a being entertaining . i look forward to listening to future music contribution .
1	wonderful music , a always by josh groban .
0	the other reviewer mentioned the available cd . a a collector of original cast album of flop musical , i regretfully bought that cd . it wa more than full price for what apparently a bootleg or garage version of the vinyl album . the insert came straight off of a computer printer , the first band wa silent ( the actual recording started on the second band ) leading someone le persistent to believe that the entire disc wa blank and the audio quality made it sound like it had been recorded in someone basement . hardlly a commercial issue at the high end of the commercial price range .
1	listening to him is so relaxing
1	i did not like it at first . after listening to it a few time , i got it . it is beautiful . lanny is a musical genius .
1	beautiful song
1	flagpole sitta is one of those song you either like when you hear it or you do not . either way , like it or not , once you hear it , it is stuck in your head . i am one of those who like it , hence , that is why i downloaded it . it may not be the greatest song ever done , but it ha a solid construction which is what make a song tick .
1	a nice smooth song with a meaning .
1	perfect . a described . thank you
0	wrong purchase : /
1	i love this album ! a very anointed project !
0	very disappointed in this cd . it is poorly recorded and is scratchy through many song , too annoying to listen too .
0	not what i expected
0	i am not a music critic , i can not tell you if it wa over produced nor can i tell you what they were going for . i can simply say i did not enjoy the album . one , maybe 2 good song but nothing that i feel the need to immediately add to my play list . i hope they , zac brown band , plan to get back to country again soon . still listening to all of their other album daily .
0	i have always loved joshs beautiful , full baritone , and it is wonderful that he is bringing back this collection of beautiful , timeless song , but i found myself surprisingly disappointed . he is done something to change his technique , and he often sound nasally , especially when he sings word with the e vowel . i think he is been ill-advised in this latest singing technique , and i am hoping he will go back to his previous method !
0	i really loved keith sweat back in the day . but let u face it , back in the day he wa in his twenty . keith is almost 50 year old now and still singing that teenage music . it is time for him to sing some grown up song . his title and lyric are so immature for his age . his voice still sound nice , but he need to grow the heck up ! to his credit , he look fine a hell on his new cd cover , very mature looking for someone so immature !
1	dark , but great song . and it easy to play on an acoustic guitar . liked it , good value for the price and convienient to download . i love amazon .
1	heard the song on the radio the other day had to download the song . brought back memory when i wa younger .
0	the worst try-hard band i have ever heard - how did these turd get an album out ? oh yeah - rich parent . ugh , lovely . it suck , do not waste your money .
0	i want a new online music store , i want a new music store , one that do not just sell mp3s , one that will sell me original cd quality downloads , one that will take the time to respect the music , one that will make me feel like the audio sound like it should . seriously bought one single just to test it out , cause i do not want to pay $ 40 , for the original cd ( reprint ) . i am not a audio snob , but i payed a decent amount of money for my home theater setup . i do not think i should have to disrespect the author of the music by buying a album that is 1/10 of the original data in mp3 format . i would gladly pay an extra $ 5 dollar or whatever for wav handling , i do not think this is too much to ask . amazon or itunes can not seem to comprehend this .
1	always smooth .
0	it is odd when you buy music and the abulm contained nothing on it . it wa just some breathing noise and what i assumed to be someone penetrating themselves with a bad dragon sex toy . i replied to the seller but for some reason i received a legal notice saying that i wa being charged for hurt feeling . would not reccomend
0	wow . a christmas album featuring a rhodes ! ? i love rhodes piano and have one in my living room , so i wa elated to see this cd . but it is not played on a rhodes . it sound like the electric piano patch on a cheap keyboard , complete with cheezy drum track . it is definitely not played on any model of a real rhodes piano . what a disappointment . all the song are very stiff , a if they were sequenced a note a time rather than played live . i would love to know where they came up with the at the rhodes piano for the title .
1	i saw ruben win on american idol , love his singing .
0	ok
1	one of the most beautiful song ever written and recorded by one of my favorite singer .
0	every now and then , great artist miss the target . queen had hot space van halen had vh iii this is on that scale of bad . it is sing songy long boring choral moment . it is melodramatic story telling . it is the greatest collection of technically gifted artist playing simple uninteresting part . do you remember asia ? yeah it is that bad .
0	not such a great cd . only one selection meet my expectation .
0	i wa very excited to purchase this cd only to get it home and find out how awful it wa ! maybe i will grow to like it better if i can stomach to listen to it again . i have been a huge fan of josh grobans for year ! i feel ripped off and so disappointed !
0	too sad . must be a liberal
0	very frustrating ! you provide a small sample to listen to so the buyer can be sure he is buying the right song . unfortunately not a large enough sample or enough info to identify the awesome original recording that i wanted to buy , from the same band doing the same song , only not awesome because now they are old & sound like it ! wasted my money on something i did not even want because you can not provide a sample clip more than 20 second long in a part of the song that might be helpful ! or provide info that more clearly say , recent re- recording !
1	zac and the band are awesome
0	sanjaya wa entertaining on idol . but he just entered his 16th minute of fame or rather infamy . this song is terrible ! off-key warbling , non-melodic , soulless . pas this up asap !
1	i know that some people can discus at length the merit of various rapper and rap-rock band , in detail . i am not one of those people . for me , this genre is a side dish , not the main course , but i can appreciate a nice helping when i hear it . new band abica serf up a good slice of it on this album , numb : the same anger , the same desperation , the same hard edge . but i think that frontmen tac and hash , while working from this genre , wanted to create something of more universal appeal and significance . tac ha stated : . it is a snapshot of our generation right now . the way a lot of u feel in a time of war , technology , pain and love . it is easy to feel dissociated and numb to all the chaos we call life today . i have felt this way , but i have not articulated it , even to myself . abicas lyric reflect this state of affair , and musically they draw on various influence . the main one i notice are linkin park , hollywood undead and of course , eminem . the lyric cover the whole range of problem - political , personal and social . the title track present the hopelessness which pervades the album : if everything that mattered to me is now gone . now take a closer look and tell me what you see . track 2 , tell u why , continues with the directly political : we are underground . before you say goodbye , you have got to tell u why . thing get more personal in turn me on , which seems to be about people questioning one route to self-satisfaction . in my song and the thing you think i say , the anguish is over failed relationship . the pursuit ha the line just let me in . if i get the chance to play , i think you will want me to stay . beautiful ha a lyric that ha certainly entered my head many time : you are beautiful , so { censored } beautiful . i would be a little more complete if i just had you . just another , never that far away and nothing here are generally about the difficulty of living a life of your choosing in a society that is tense , demanding and hypocritical . a for musical influence , there are element other than the one i mentioned above which are noticeable . three of the track open with melodic , solemn piano , which tell you that you should expect something dark and serious . i can be real and some other track have an industrial sound reminiscent of , say , nine-inch nail . gave em a reason open with dance music element , then includes some excellent guitar work , both grungy and psychedelic - a provocative pairing because psychedelic is ecstatic , spiritual , up , and grunge is depressing , scary , down . several track have a synth-string background that give them a more mainstream sound . just another includes military-style drumming and army-march lingo . release from numbness come in the final track what you see , with an ironic twist . they sing , open up your eye . nothing more to hide . now the time ha come/and all this go away , and i am not { censored } numb . look around , nothing ever heals the pain . the irony lie in the fact that the music for this track is the most mainstream of all of them . it could almost be an 80 pop-rock track , and acceptance is depicted in this musical setting . hmmmm . the album is full of explicit language ( which i had to censor in this review ) , so if you are one of those people who can not take that , by all mean stay away . but if you are ok with free expression , you will hear an album that is a fresh take on something that ha been around for a while .
0	i paid for this song so i could attach it to some picture of my daughter . it would not play the whole thing . i definitely felt ripped off
0	i am giving one star because her husband joushua feuerstein telling people to give 5 star so this album can be on 10. you are husband should be in jail for stealing 30,000
0	very old school , but wa looking for the song for a frend
0	it sounded good on the clip . after i bought it though and listened to it all the way through i just wasnt a impressed a i thought i would be .
1	great
1	great song !
0	i love ne-yo but this album wasnt what i expected
1	i have never listened to a soundtrack , never in my life . never thought i would , for that matter . but , after watching tron : legacy , i wasnt the biggest fan of the movie , but i loved the music ! it is amazing , a this review title say . : ) i usually always have playing on my mp3 player thousand foot krutch and fm static , my favorite band . so i thought it wa kind of weird for me to like this electronica-pop-synthesizer stuff ( since tfk is hard rock ) , but i have already listened to the whole cd four time since i bought it this morning . i would definitely recommend this album . get the whole thing . it rule . and , btw , i am becoming a very big tron fan , thanks to this awesome cd ! and i watched the first tron , and i really really enjoyed that one . i think everyone need to watch that one if they have seen , or are going to see , the second one , because it really help to understand it all . thank you all you tron people !
0	from a band with the stature of pink floyd ? i understand that it is somewhat a tribute album to richard wright , but , being that these song are culled from studio leftover from prior album , i wa certainly looking forward to more than this . a were my pink floyd - loving friend who listened to it . sound like guitar lead from other song that got cut down for those album , but would work a add-on lead done live . i hate to think poorly of these guy , but this sound like they frittered away the hour in an off-hand way . nothing at all to sink your teeth into . wa this a contractual obligation album ? resting on their laurel ? it will sell because of who we are ! guy , please do not end your musical career a a band with this one !
0	i accidentally bought it . i hate it . i think you have to have a military background to enjoy it . it is certainly not a dance you should do if you want to look cute on the dance floor .
0	i just do not get the hype about 50 cent . i listened to this , and i think he is a , excuse the pun , two-bit talent .
0	for the elevator or dentist office . i will not go into how much i loved their previous work and live show so that i may justify my opinion here . but i wa a big fan . and yes , i gave the cd several try , all the way through . even in my loyalty to a band i loved i can not convince myself that there is anything worth listening to in this album . it is just milk toast . dull , uninspired and uninspiring . sometimes the annoyingly simple drum rhythm ( really ? ) and monotonous instrumentals would have me zoning out , and bring me down so much that when i wa driving so that i would have to turn it off . yes , mumfords voice is gorgeous , but not enough to save the album . hey , fame and fortune is tough , but they made it through 27. i will hold out hope that they will once again find the place of creative brilliance they once inhabited .
0	this 1981 recording by senegalese singer laba sosseh released on roberto torress sar label is for me , one of the worst new york sar recording that you can find and definitely the cheesiest , silliest , and corniest the label ha to offer in new york ( with the exception of the three song i already mentioned . ) this recording wa of course , an obvious intent in trying to aim even more at the african market by putting a famous african singer on the front cover and by including some exclusively african tune . the problem here , aside the cheesiness that i personally perceived , is that the three african song ( 1 , 2 , & 4 singed in african dialect and in french ) are totally uneventful , bland , uninspiring , linear , unvaried , monotonous and totally pointless ! . there is nothing happening ! . laba sosseh is often too busy chit-chatting rubbish instead of singing properly or improvising , and the tune also feature some kind of slightly laid-back tropical beach feel with a little electric-guitar and some trap-drums in the background which get on my nerve ! . the 1st song doe not even offer a single chorus or a single musician solo ! . it feature laba sosseh telling u in the middle of a sexual fantasy that ngombelle is a traditional african style of dance that other country in africa also love to dance to , and encourages them to dance it even further ! . song . 2 feature a chorus a long , a annoying and a insipid a : in coc , in coc , in coc de ba saaah , de ba saaah , de ba saaah all the way through till the end ! . other than that , we get laba sosseh inviting the people of martinique , curacao , ivory coast and sngal to come and dance to the coconut ( whatever that mean ! ) and to come and drink fresh coconut juice with him on the beach ! he even make the impression he is on the phone speaking to the people of niamey in niger to invite them for a fresh coconut juice too ! . ( while latin music ha often being accused of using bland lyric that totally lack of depth , this is really a bad a it get . ) for song . 4 , i have nothing else to say other than a trumpet solo by alfredo armenteros chocolate towards the end which is not helped by the background musicality , but which still come out pretty well coming from him . the reason why i decided to review this recording ( now that it ha been available under mp3 downloads since the 5th of august 2008 ) is to tell you to download the great 3. maracaibo oriental , the nice 6. pelta ( written by miguel matamros ) and maybe song . 5 anichayi which aint gon na change your world , but which is decent enough not to be skipped ( or bought for just $ 0.89 on mp3 downloads . ) even though this label wa mainly run by african associate ( a pianist alfredo valds jr. explained on his fascinating interview : the son of buena vista in descargas journal archive section [ . ] ) i still think that they should have come up with a much better african music project that showcase the music properly , or with a classic cuban style of recording that is the label and the musician speciality ! i would say each to their own thing ! . therefore , the point is not to discredit african music by any mean because it is not what i want to do and i do not have the competences/knowledge to do it ! i just want to warn buyer that half of the song in this album are appalling example of what african music should be ! finally , there would have been one more laba sosseh recording on sar in 1982 , and while i have not heard it properly i can still tell that it is a better album than this one ! there is definitely a slight extra interest within the tune and although there is not one track that get near maracaibo oriental , overall the album doe show better with a big hit : diamoul maw , 2 rock-solid cuban tune which also happen to be song . 3 and 6 , and apparently another hit being song . 5 aminata . i would not dare risking recommend it to you all , but check it out anyway & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/laba-sosseh/dp/b001esgx6w/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > laba sosseh < /a > . song . 3 maracaibo oriental is literally a brilliant montno-descrga tune ! it feature a brilliantly executed piano montno pattern by alfredo valds jr. that work to perfection with this amazing tune till the end ! . there is also a superb introductory trumpet solo by cuban great alfredo armenteros chocolate , outstanding chorus by roberto torres and adalberto santiago , amazing 2-trumpets/1-trombone horn arrangement , a powerful and solid trombone solo by leopoldo pineda and some more trumpet playing towards the end by chocolate accompanying the final horn arrangement ! . everything work to perfection on this tune and everyone is really at home and in their own thing here ! . [ * descrga in latin music term mean jam-session . ] song . 6 pelta ( most probably written by miguel for his conjnto matamros ) is an old humorous tune about somebody having made himself the reputation of being a jerk . otherwise , the tune is very pleasant , fairly laid back with a set of solid horn arrangement , a tres-guitar solo in the middle by victor tras el chino and some fine trumpet playing by chocolate towards the end . the fine chorus keep singing throughout the tune pelta ! [ meaning jerk in spanish slang ] . basically , a simple and great tune ! . for song . 5 ( which is a decent enough son-montno tune ) , i will let you lot take the punt . sound quality on this reissue seems absolutely fine , but not better than the one from the original vinyl which my dad bought by mistake age ago , and which i happily transferred onto a cd through a friend just for those 2 song ! . my friend did not disagree with me either and said that the other song went on for too long , lacked melody and were unexciting too .
0	think i deserve my money back . this song wa labeled a clean , yet upon playing the entire song , there are several profane word . wasted my money because i can not listen to it .
0	if yo listen to the lyric , terrible ! nice , pop melody though which is probably why it is so popular .
1	there is just something about brett eldredges tone . i just love to listen to him sing
0	i have all joshs awesome music and i purchased this cd without even listening to it first based on his other cd . wish i would have listened to it first . not what i expected the sound wa very plain and the melody in the song did not work for me . there were a few track that were good but not the usual great work i wa use to . maybe some of the song will grow on me in time but i never had to wait for his other work to grow on me . it just blew me away right from the start . oh well he is a great singer without a doubt and i just hope his next cd is much better .
1	you can b. sure that this tune is still great ! get it now ! it will bring back old memory , and sound all new at the same time .
1	cool !
0	. the mp3 is of bad quality . be wary of downloading amazon southern gospel mp3s . i have downloaded about 8 or so and most of them skip like a bad lp or something . edit : my mp3 skipping problem wa traced back to my dial-up connection . be sure to download amazon mp3s via broadband for best music quality .
1	road trip music
0	i can not rate this ! it did not open for me . i am unable to open or hear this song . how can i make it open in mp3 form ? help
0	i will not marry you , woman ! it is rude to keep asking .
0	censored version , but it had the explicit label
0	pleasant professional voice - would be a fun night at a blue bar to hear her live but on a cd with generic musician - not so much . so decent voice but weak backing musician on a cd . forgettable .
0	not worth the price : this digital download wa free !
0	disappointed . poor subject matter , poor quality .
0	this is not the original version .
1	from out of left field come the unknown framing hanley , which you do not know unless you are into the whole post-hardcore movement . apparently hanley wasnt having much success with their own generic-sounding song , so they put out this surprising cover for all those that love their dirt in the dark . the song keep the lyric , maintaining the dirty feeling of it all , but it turn up the rock , and really make it a rockin song , causing it to end up a really weird , but fun combination for various party . check the song out , and you might find you like it if you are into post-hardcore , modern rock , or you are just looking for a song to turn up the heat . who knew a lil wayne song could turn into something pretty decent ? oh , by the way , i do not think the music video will be coming to an mtv near you anytime soon . ; )
1	love bfs ! and they certainly have shown how awesome they truly are . again ! the bitch song ha always been a favorite of mine . and i am so excited to see it back on the track list ! it is great hearing that song . new and musically improved ! : ) stacys mom just make me laugh . because for some weird reason people have thought that they have been singing it for year . and now all of those people are correct haha . and i have never done anything like this is just typical bfs stuff ! love it ! good good stuff ! : )
1	love it , fun dance song
1	that voice , this song brings me a calmness that i cant describe . love is grand , so appreciate it . because everything fade away .
1	awesome !
1	great album ! i am in love !
0	i am from mxico . i bought the killer picture disc but i wa very disappointed at the sound quality , too much surface noise and not very good sound . i decided not to get the next one . but when my favorite maiden album ( this one and 7th son ) came out in this edition i decided to give them an opportunity . i have to say it wa the same disappointment . they do not even sound nearly a my 80 uk edition . whoever mastered these album should have listened to the original to keep the audio close to that perfection . i do not know why iron maiden decided to release their album on picture disc since brave new world they do not sound a good a normal black or colored vinyl . too much surface noise and tick and pop . please , if someone involved in this is reading this review i beg you stop releasing iron maiden album on picture disc and get better sound engineer to get the best audio quality to be pressed on high quality vinyl .
0	there wa no cd inside only a perfectly wrapped case ! i am livid !
0	although i feel for farrah and totally understand her wanting to share her story with the world , i do not think that this wa the way to do it , she is obviously not a talented singer/songwriter , and should have found a better way to express herself . these song and the way they are written and composed is horrible . i actually feel sorry for her and quite honestly , feel a bit embarassed for her too : - (
1	great song ! band ha a great grasp on sound and the video for this is good a well ! recommend to people who like heavy metal , just not cookie monster metal !
0	crystal bowersox ha alot to offer , but to me , songwriting is not her strength and that seems to be what she went with here , along with arrangement that are sort of all of a piece and all at one vocal level . i think the hope with crystal wa that she could joplin it a bit - that she wa an independent being and would deliver an independent voice that convinced with soul and depth even if power wasnt her strength . this album is more like day in the life ditty . to be honest i could not even give it enough airplay to find if it went deeper . a a contrast i just bought brandi carlisles bear creek which delivered all of this ( all original ) and which caught me fully first time through . you can not go wrong with brandi carlisle . crystal bowersox needed better advice than she got in putting together this collection .
0	meh , not my type i guess .
0	timberlake ha hit a career low with this song . if this is a good a his song writing get , he need to set down the pen . god help u if the album is a poorly written a this single . i can not help but think of fergie when i hear this song . it seems like a knockoff of the blackeyed pea my hump . except , in this situation , there is a man singing it . it make my stomach churn a i think about it . are there no good male songwriter left in this country !
1	get me pumped for the gym
1	a mellow , infectious , romantic love song , not only for the female specie , but most definitely for guy who are truly in love .
0	awesome music but the pressing on the vinyl [ lp ] is pretty bad ! my copy ha pitting on a couple song so the needle jump . the fun side of buying vinyl i guess . then when i go online to download with the given code i am told that it not valid a the code ha already been redeemed . total fail !
1	i love this song ! nick voice is so hot ! it is always my ringtone around valentine day ! i do wish him and jess were still together but i still love it !
1	best cd i bought in a year . i play it constantly when i do art and it is so soothing .
1	timeless lyric and music for anyone who ha loved and lost . basically , all of u just about .
1	fantastic voice that jive well with the retro sound . like a dark , smokey pink martini . i do not have five more word .
0	the song is fine , but i absolutely hate the fact that they talk in the intro , like we are interested in hearing them make a half-hearted attempt at being funny .
0	i think it is so good message is great i just love it.i think my finger touched one star and this page came up but this get all the star .
1	i thought their first album wa amazing and this may even be better . the lyric , vocal , instrumentals are all in sync and only get more interesting each time i listen .
0	back in the very early 90 , i had this ( the cassette tape version ) and thought it wa amazing . until i bought the cd recently , i did not realize how dated rave til dawn would sound to me . it wa almost painful to listen to , and i remain a huge fan of techno/electronic music ! i would only recommend this for laugh or a 90 nostalgia night .
1	terrific !
1	even switchfoots b-sides are amazing ! any fan would love this ep
1	do you is probably one of my most favorite song by carina round . it is so soothing , yet intense at the same time . the build up of emotion and the symbolism of the word is amazing in this piece . i would recommend it to anyone who appreciates a female singer with a beautiful , graceful voice who doe not have to scream or raise her voice too much just to show the power of her talent .
0	to repetative with bell and not much other substance . doe not mesh well with the other instrument . need a lot of work .
0	definitely need to be remastered .
0	the background is not a background ! you can listen the kid singing
1	a
1	phenomenal !
0	product sucked got it and it skip very badly to be a new record sent it back and had them send me another one and it wa just a bad and warped very bad .
1	i bought this cd some year ago and i wa most interested in a recording of schubert unfinished symphony played on period instrument . undoubtedly , sir roger norringtons interpretation of this work is very good and i think that the rich colour of his original instrument orchestra , the london classical player , are a highlight of this recording . the music is played with precision , a great sense of style and drama and very lyrically . what really impressed me with this performance wa norringtons winning and joyful interpretation of the 5th symphony , which i knew only superficially before i bought this recording . norrington sometimes work miracle with lesser known or le popular work - his interpretation of beethoven 2nd and 8th symphony are , in some way , his best in his beethoven symphonic cycle . i listened to the 5th yesterday , when i wa feeling very low , and it put me in a much better frame of mind . we all need music like this sometimes . i have needed it a lot lately . sir roger norringtons recording of the symphony of schubert and schumann with the london classical player are all splendid and worth having . i find it hard to listen to the symphony of these composer played by modern orchestra any more without thinking that they really are not getting close to this music or even getting it . modern orchestra make this music sound so ponderous , heavy and stodgy . a recording for people who like fresh , crisp summer salad dressed with extra virgin olive oil and balsamic vinegar , washed down with chilled chardonnay , and are disinclined to accept being served fried fatty meat , stodgy boiled vegetable and warm beer at their table !
0	terrible music even for an indie band plus the drummer leslie rasmussen blame a rape victim
1	very happy with the album it arrived earlier then the estimated time which is awesome .
0	i very rarely bother to write a review , unless i am blown away by something or disappointed with something . unfortunately this is the latter . i have always considered tech n9ne to be one of last great bastion of hip hop music in this bleak , materialistic , egotistical , club inspired era of hip hop we have been slogging through for about 8 year now . though every album ha had a different feel to it , i have always been able to find a measure of creativity and newness to his sound.this album is slowwwwwed down . tech rarely show off the rapid fire flow that ha always been a staple of his music . not everything ha to be 300 mile per hour of awesomeness , but doesnt have to sound like tech sat around eating painkiller all day before recording either . the dj wa completely uninspired . i am used to tech background mix to be a strong point of this artist . usually a complex mixture of big brass , synthesizer , different time signature , other genre of music thrown in , and some of the coolest and oddest sampling around , this album rarely showcase anything more than a simple bassline and the bare minimum of any accompanying music . the lyric are amazing a usual , you can tell he poured alot of himself into this album ( the only reason i am giving this a 2 instead of a 1 ) dont get me wrong there are good track on this cd.most of the anger part of the cd is pretty good , then slows down horrifically for the last two parts.there are only a few memorable track on the entire second half of album.the song beat sound cut and pasted from previous tech n9ne cd . sound like tech wa trying to make a bass cd to pop in your car if you have a good sound system . not the reason i buy tech n9ne . if i wanted to thump my trunk i would go buy one of the other crap hip hop cd that seem to make up most of the market nowadays . like alot of long surviving hip hop artist he ha changed his tune to keep up with current time . he now ha produced an accessible album for the status quo . i am sure it will sell well . i will definitely take a long listen to the next tech n9ne album before jumping in foot first with a purchase again .
1	i bought the book with cassette year ago ; considering the book came out in 1993 , i wa so happy to find the music in cd format . because i know the story behind the music , i do not know if the music would stand alone . it is gorgeous , ha a variety of flavor to it . it sound like song from a musical . i would recommend getting both the book and the cd . the book is not a picture book , per se , but a story with illustration . the illustration are created with an aboriginal tone . storyline : a girl end up going to her only living relative after her parent were killed in an accident . the relative is an older aunt , an anthropologist , living in the outback . she share a story with her niece . so the story within the story is the creation of the earth : when the earth wa ready to be born [ ancient ancestor ] stretched and yawned . and began to roam the planet . a they did , they sang , and with each new verse they sang the earth into existence . when they were done , there wa a lone melody who wondered what she wa and she is told to harmonize with earth , sun and moon and star to find out what she really is . the story and the music are about the journey of this lone melody , and the legacy left to a girl living with an old aunt in the outback of australia .
1	nice
0	susan ha such a wonderful voice i could not wait to receive this cd . what a waste of money . could these song be sung any slower ? very disapointed . l
0	i enjoy gospel music but this album just doe not cut for me . how many time must one sing the same phrase over and over before deciding to move on to another set of lyric ? better songwriting is definitely in order .
0	you can tell this is not an original , buy the dubbing and sound quality . i have and original jim stafford album from the 70 and this is not the same ouality of sound . suck this album is so hard to find and you have to settle for this boxy and dubbed sound from england ,
0	ok cd . a few good song but not worth the buy . obviously there is better band out there but if you want rock music you can listen to with your pop friend , this will work
0	music wa too high i could not use the soundtrack . i tried with my soprano and they could not sing to the soundtrack .
1	my student ad i love this song and the video that made u go and buy it . it is upbeat and fun and totally appropriate for everyone !
1	i friend recommended this music to me and i fell in love . i love the honest , open worship . if you enjoy bethel type worship , then you will love worshipmob . i can not wait for another cd by them .
1	great song for asphalt crusin on a nice summer night in your favorite crusier . watch the speed a it is easy to get lost in the music .
0	not only is she a horrible singer . she support cop killer . she is trying to gain publicity by hiring a convicted felon who contributed to the death of a nyc police officer to be in her video . please do not support her !
1	there were a couple of top 40 song from this album , but the entire collection is solid and ha a unique sound .
1	this is a very good sounding mp3 download and you will be happy with the sound and quality of this download
1	billy curringtons album is great . it is one of the best album i have ever heard . billy is going to become one of the top artist in the next few year . every one should buy this album !
1	a good , clear copy of the song that closed out the breaking bad series . to hear it would always take me back to the early 70 . now , it reminds me of that tv series .
1	great song . country at it best !
0	i would love to give this a great review ( because i have been purchasing mp3 downloads for year from amazon ) . but after all my searching , my hard drive show no sign of this song . wish i could say more . i have tried all of the trouble shooting suggestion made by the account manager . still no luck . so . until i get to hear it and enjoy one of the most expensive downloads i have ever purchase . i will have to hold off on any positive review .
1	you have to consider , though , that music of this kind sort of play itself , and a far a i am concerned , the organist must just not get in the way of it . walter kraft ha chosen a registration that is mostly flute sound for the first part of the fugue , which allows enough transparency for the counterpoint to be clearly heard , and that is job number one a far a this listener is concerned . towards the end , i hear the texture thickening nicely with mixture and reed , still keeping within a modest forte . because there are no extreme of dynamic , i think this performance would be a good choice for listening to in a car , where extreme softs and louds are problematic . ( modern equipment can do compression , which is to reduce the extreme of volume for listening through earphone in plane or listening in car , so the dynamic range is not really a major consideration . ) bear in mind that this recording wa made in the seventy , but it hold up beautifully . i recommend it , and the entire set .
1	the story wa good . the music wa so so . we hail from new jersey . and grew up listening to the four season . we used to follow them intensely . wherever they were appearing . we know their sound . the lead singer in jersey boy did frankie valli wrong . he wa singing to falsetto . you know over doing . this is our opinion , but then again we are jersey girl !
0	i know i am going to get lambasted for this so before i begin , please note that i really wanted to like this album , and i am only writing this review for those who are up in the air in term of whether or not they think they want to buy korn iii . for those who are die-hard korn fan and are insistent upon giving it a 5-star review after a single listen regardless of the quality or content , this review is not for you . i am not going to review each track , because once you have heard the first few you will get the idea . ever since untouchable , there ha been a noticeable yet steady decline in the quality of korn album , and for those of you who think i am dumb enough to blame this squarely on the departure of head , both untouchable and take a look in the mirror featured head a the lead guitar . untouchable wa a good album , not great . mirror wa still decent , and i will admit that there are a few redeeming track on both see you on the other side and the 2008 edition of the self-titled album . however , a few redeeming track doe not make up a whole album . i think it safe to say the the korn sound wa lost after issue , and the band started putting together a many track a they could with little regard to the way they would flow on an album . when you listen to their early work , the band wrote song that were emotionally driven from daddy on their debut album to somebody someone off of issue . with the release of untouchable , the korn track took on a surprisingly familiar pattern that wa introduced back in the 1950s . with each track , it took little imagination to know when the song would change tempo or launch into a catchy chorus . this is not to say the album released since 2000 have been bad , they just are not worthy of a 5-star rating . this new release sound closer to mirror than the last two , but it lack the creativity that really separated korn from the rest of the nu-metal one-hit-wonders polluting the radio wave . doe jon davis sound angrier on this album than the last two ? yes . doe he growl more ? sure . are the lyric memorable . no . doe the music stand out ? not really . i sometimes also get caught up in giving a new album a remarkable review after one listen because i have been starved for new material , but lately i have been taking the time to really listen before i judge , and i ask myself if i will feel the same about the record 6-months or a year down the road . in 6 month , listener will have stopped reviewing this new release and they will forget how they initially heard it the first time they popped in the cd or turned it on via an mp3 player . they will be listening to the older album and telling everyone how the new album just is not that great . i do not want to rip the band because they are still one of my favorite , but a band should realize that once the angst and the creativity is gone they need to find new channel of expression . either that or spend more than a few week in the recording studio and really dig deep for something from the soul . the album is not terrible , but it is unremarkable and candidly , it is also forgettable . my $ .02
1	love this song , reminiscent of grover washington jr. great style and warmth .
1	the phoenix of the music world ha done it again . she is back and this album outshines believe . cher downplays the vocoder and us her powerful voice to send these song through the roof . song for the lonely will be huge - an inspirational song perfect for the world of today . alive again and different kind of love song make you feel like cruising down the highway in a convertible . when the money gone show that cher once again is not afraid to have fun with a brilliant comedic dance track . people - buy this album . let u put cher at number 1 again where she belongs !
0	my husband and i love jim gaffigan , so when i saw a cd that we did not yet own , i wa excited to surprise my husband with it . however , when i received it , there wa a parental advisory label on it that read that it had explicit language . i wa shocked ! nowhere on amazon description of this product doe it indicate this . i am shipping it back right away .
1	i love how they incorporated holiday bell into this soon-to-be christmas classic ! well done , p-unit !
1	i love this song ! download wa smooth and simple . burn to disc wa fine . will download more music from amazon .
0	i am sorry , i hate to be rude or insensitive . people like what they like i know , however , i have to say that this is the worst song ever ! the fact that ne-yo sings through his nose just make the song stink even worse and make me want to cringe . the equivalent to fingernail across the blackboard . i wa in the grocery store when this song came on and his voice actually made me get out of the checkout line and to go to another store just to escape those ridiculous , horrible lyric and nasally singing . how could anyone buy this song and want to listed to it more than once . the first time is enough torture , seriously ! the lyricist who wrote this piece of rotting cheese ha really put one over on the music industry and the public wa sold a bill of rotting good ! it is like they were in a hurry and threw out the good lyric with the trash by mistake and had to turn in something quick so they wrote a new song in the elevator on their way up . i like ne-yo but his singing leaf a lot to be desired . this song suck badly ! i think the other reviewer must be victim of and over saturation of no talent act in this modern day music business because there is no way in h_ll this crap could be called music . many have no clue to what true singing talent is anymore cause this is not it !
0	the recording is not good . the voice and the instrument do not have a good balance . i wish i could get the studio recording instead of this live one . i think i made a mistake of choosing this version . his you tube music ha better recording than this one .
1	this is one of my wife favorite tanya tucker song . i just had to get it for her .
0	i used holosync a few year back and starting with awakening prologue i then went on to the first level awakening 1. i used this product for about two year , at least 5 day a week , and completed the full 1 hour session each time . i must be honest and say it did nothing for me whatsoever . i gave it my best shot , i thought if i kept at it , one day i might have that aha moment when i suddenly realised it wa having some effect upon me . but no , nothing , nothing good happened , no overwhelm even , just nothing other than an hour relaxation i could have achieved by any other mean .
1	very good centering music to maintain balance .
1	i think that 50 cent newest cd get rich or die tryin is great . he is the hottest thing on the street right now . everyone is bumppin 50. get rich or die tryin got alot of cameo and it sound great it better than ja rule ! haha
0	i really like the song a i hear it on the radio or see it in the video . i did not like the rap in the middle , did not seem to fit the song .
1	beautiful song !
0	the asinine politics get in the way of the music . i listened to this cd at a neighborhood party and had to comment . i would not consider buying it even though ry cooder ha enormous musical talent and i have some of his other edition . hey ry , stick to music for everyone .
1	thank you
0	ha anybody heard swishahouse choppin em up pt 1 ? mr. big pic sound like he is cry at the end of every line he spit . he is so emotional . it must be from the bottom of his heart
0	actually , it did not . the first tune wa nice , but each one afterwards had a rather loud cricket sound in the background that wasnt restful at all . if anything the cricket noise would keep one awake , and i just found it too irritating .
1	another big streisand winner album . great collaboration duo .
0	i wa thinking it wa the whole song and it wa not .
1	he is a young george straight . nothing outstanding on this album but just really relaxing and great for background music . i hope he ha a great career .
0	i reely thank this is just badily , i will not lake it becaz it is joust a bunch of dude singan about in clubbing and other stuff that blackies . i do not lake to here aboot this crape , he iz onely a musicer becaz he got shoot 9 tames . this cd doe not like to . i do not . i thank this cd is not soundful bat mast cd now day a. arent . not . i doo nat lake this at , all . thes guy is not gad he canot sang . he cannto . maybe i joust do not like dark tone skin . or naybe mot . who care . do not buy , i recceomend you to buy this , not . not to reccomend it is to buy me . please do nat buy or reckomend it . dont . do not . no love ! dont !
0	crazy music
1	love this song !
1	love it
0	these guy are terrible .
1	the star say it all , do not know what else i could put other than i love it .
1	have yourself a merry little christmas sister hazel love this song . made christmas a wonderful time for all of u .
1	great song , long length . thought provoking . brings back good memory from the 90 . you will ask yourself . where wa i when i heard that ?
1	love this song !
0	can not determine if music downloaded , can not find where it downloaded or to what file . will not download from amazon music again , due to the complexity of the whole issue
0	very disapointing , sound like it is playing to slow . obvisouly a recording problem .
1	this is so sweet . frank fotusky music is a relaxing a a front porch on a saturday afternoon , but listening carefully , and it is a sharp a the crease on your suit for saturday night . frank play and sings piedmont style blue in the style of gary davis , blind boy fuller and john jackson . this guitar-as -piano style , in which he keep an active bass while picking melody note , is a rich sound , one at which frank is very much in control . from the first note of red river to the last chord of great change , frank breathes his own soul into his cover and present original tune like mumbletypeg and franklyn mint . the tone he coax out of his gibson jumbo is exquisite . highly recommended .
0	one song for $ 9.99 ? i guess it is my fault that i did not read the product description , but i wa under the impression , for that price , that i wa getting a full length cd .
1	ha a lot of memory wa popular when i met my husband of 52 year . what more could i say except i am looking forward to summer .
1	when the name van mccoy come up , if it ever come up in these long past the disco day of the mid to late 1970s , it is attached at the hip to the dance craze known a the hustle . mccoys hit song wa a worldwide smash and went to # 1 on the billboard hot 100 in 1975 , and wa billboard # 22 most popular song of that year . fast forward a year to 1976 , where mccoy released another song with a similar , albeit lighter sound , called the shuffle . though the track sound a little like a production studio jingle for a commercial ( and maybe it got used that way at some point ) , it is actually a pretty cute little instrumental and it is sad that it seems to have been entirely forgotten in the history of that era of music . i hear there actually wa a dance called the shuffle that accompanied this song , but i do not have any knowledge of how the step go . if you do , perhaps you will clue u in !
0	wack
0	a much a i really wanted this to work , it absolutely did not ! the voice is irritating rather than soothing . the guided image is amateur at best and the relaxation technique hurried and not effective . a cup of warm milk is cheaper and work better . considering all of the experience this guy ha , i expected so much better . do not buy it , it is a waste of your money .
0	come on . it is christmas . really ? did she really have to make a vulgar song ? she could not have kept it somewhat clean even for the holiday ? it is the season of hope and joy , yet lady gaga is producing this . i have never had a problem with her other work . up until now that is . and to top it all off , amazon is endorsing this by making it part of their promotion .
0	not worth the price : this digital download wa free !
0	come on the new me is now and i not living in the past . the word of god renews my spirit daily !
0	i downloaded this song because it wa free and have regretted it . . . but free is free so you get what you get
1	forget ravel bolero . this is the most sensuous , evocative and joyful instrumental music ever performed on saxophone . it suspends time while it take you on a pleasurable journey and fill you with peace . share it with someone you love .
1	great inspirational music .
0	from [ . ] , dated august 17 , 2008 : the compilation album a closer end , that recently started appearing on the p2p network a well a on ebay and in certain record store , is not an official dark tranquillity album but a bootleg . it is very convincingly made , with a century medium logo , fake barcode and extensive booklet , but it is nevertheless a bootleg . it is usually a better strategy to be silent about these thing , but a a lot of people keep mailing u asking whether a closer end is a genuine album or not , and since the cd ha started to appear on online discography , presented a a legitimate release , we feel the need to set the record straight .
0	ok
1	beautiful and worth every penny the whole way through .
0	indie artist jonathan coulton took a clever new spin on the classic rap song baby got back . his version is amazing . if you buy his version through february , proceeds go to charity ! if you buy this version , you will be supporting glee , who used coultons version without any kind of permission or credit . no , thank you !
0	like the other review of this gift , the question is why . why wa this even recorded and released , that is just for starter .
1	my kid love this song ! it is so much fun to listen to and sing along with . bonus , i do not get tired of hearing it .
1	wonderful song ! great lyric and a really catchy tune . you will be singing this one even when it is not playing : ) let love explode and bring the dead to life a love so bold to see a revolution somehow now i am lost in your freedom and this world i will overcome my god not dead he is surely alive he is living on the inside roaring like a lion !
0	i do not like the fact that so hott is available to download only a part of the entire album . i checked out the preview of every other song on the album and i do not like any of them . so i will not spend the money to buy the entire album . when this song is available to download individually , let me know and you just might get a sale .
0	would like it a lot more if it indeed had all 176 piece . mine only downloaded 100 .
1	beautiful !
1	excellent song !
1	classic track where many have re sampled but have not topped the original creation . check jdilla and many others interpretation and form your own opinion .
1	it is great ! i love it
0	just get yourselves an exocist !
1	i bought this cd when it it first came out and still listen to it every week . deftones is one of my favorite band .
1	great
1	at the age of 66 and widowed i have been going with this woman who i like very much . i decided to make her a music cd of song that i though would express my love for her . this wa one of those song . in all there wa 11 song that i picked out . i will have to tell you is wa some work to find the exactly right song that said the right thing but in the end it wa more then worth it . after i made the cd our relationship moved to a new level maybe two or three nrw level . so if you want to impress that one you love send him or her a cd of your chosing that express your love for her .
1	this is a great song with a great message . yolanda adam is one of the best gospel/inspirational singer ever . king kong aint got nothing one her ! ( lol )
0	it is such a shame that a good song with a great beat ha to use lyric that can not used by those who follow christ . i wa hoping to teach this dance at a church line dance party , but can not , it would be nice if i could find just the music with out the lyric . if i would have heard the word of the song before i bought it , i would have not .
0	pearl jam is the band that basically told mtv to f- off after their first album - nirvana is the band that kept making music video until their demise how dare you call pearl jam sellout , pearl jam got huge because of their music & they made even le music video than nirvana nirvana is the most over rated , phony fake band ever - pearl jam is truly the greatest band ever , pearl jam stuck by their word , cobain never did fact : cobain used to call mtv & tell mtv to play nirvana music video more
1	billy joel is not one of my favorite musician but his music on this album wa a steal at the sale price i got on it .
1	i am not sure why this bonus is on this album - there are four song by the ray sinatra orchestra , with mary martin doing the singing . that is the plus , a it is always a pleasure to hear her . why should not i is the third standard ( or maybe it is an almost standard ) from cole porter jubilee , and definitely a favorite song of mine . this is a very good straight version , without an excess of jazz improvisation modifying it . the one negative i have on it is that they do not include the opening verse , which ha some pretty wonderful porter melody and lyric ( e.g . i must find some kind persona grata , to give me data , personally ) . for that reason , i think i prefer rosemary clooneys recording of the song .
1	i do suggest on getting it if you are into sleepy time music . that is what i consider this . along with the postal service , music to fall asleep to .
1	love elvis music
1	a very simple and bit plain country album that anyone would enjoy .
0	i love the original video recording , but this version add way to much instrument background music . make it difficult to hear the word at many point in the song .
0	the song is great . but , this copy ha a nearly imperceptible high pitched whine in the background throughout the song , making it impossible for me to listen to .
1	love it , great song .
1	yeah buffett .
0	great music . the comment here and on npr helped lead me to this great disk . it wa very difficult to play my copy . like most people , i have more then one device to play a cd in . this cd doe not work in most of them .
1	like it
1	it is pure pink .
1	an outstanding collection of song by a group out of vega , they are featured on the soundtrack for resident evil extinction track 15 contagious i have not heard a new band this good in year . hearing nothing but hanna montana and the jonas brother for so long i had given up on modern music , but these guy . these guy changed all that . thank you adam , ricky , kevin and matt for this bit of musical genius , i look forward to more of your stuff ! check them out on their myspace page [ . ] . add them and tell them alex from nc sent you !
0	i bought this song because i thought it wa alex care too close to love you , but it is just an instrumental version of the song . it did not say this anywhere in the description or anything . i wish i had known before hand so i did not end up buying a song i did not want .
0	idont listen to music and i will never listen to music in the sense music suck and i have none
0	got a free download for purchasing cd from amazon . tried to download , but wa not successful . tech support from amazon non-existent . i am sure it wa opperator error , but they only give you one chance . i have let other free download offer expire . not worth the hassle . love billy joel , have album , cassette , and cd .
0	did not download a expected , emailed amazon , no answer !
1	fantastic
1	-incredible scream -great melodic breakdown -incredible emotion curious to see how the next album is . you can tell this band doe their own thing/has their own style and doe not conform . that is what make them great . con : album is a little too short , some of the song sound similar
1	this is by far the best cd mj ha produced
1	this piece is so beautiful and part of the larger work of the great mass . this portion is so moving , i can listen to it over and over .
0	it is quite funny how the first lyric to start off the second track here describe this perfectly . after four of some of the strongest metalcore album to emerge post-2004 , they have decided to incorporate more traditional heavy metal influence . unfortunately , this transition result in what turn out to be a superfluous mess of unorthodox idea , resulting in track that i would never expect from this band . destroyer already start this off on an iffy note , with it rhythm section going for the big , loud and dumb sound you would expect to fill an arena . bombastic drum fill and wailing guitar over sing-along chorus . vice grip , the first single , also follows in this vein . then we have track like crushed , which first bite off heaven shall burn , then sound like they are attempting to be some 3rd rate rage against the machine knockoff . writing on the wall is a complete joke , with winston mccall doing a bad attempt at corey taylor angst ridden vocal over a drum pattern lifted from queen we will rock you , complete with dubbed in violin . whilst most of these track are overproduced mediocrity , i actually like the track dedicated , a it feel like the least of a departure from their old sound , and the sound of violence is pretty cool a well . it is not a complete loss of an album , but it is a painful display of mediocrity from a band attempting to branch out from their traditional sound . i would only recommend this for pd completionists and masochist .
1	stylistically , i love all type of music . but , how do i classify fireflights album , for those who wait album - is it indie , is it rock - i do not know ? but , what i do know is that this album ha me constantly cranking up my stereo a i am driving to and from work ! drawing from old school music from when i wa a teenager with secular band - with fireflight , there are time i am visually reminded of the missing person - and , the driving vocal of pat benatar , and pop musicality of the go-gos mixed with a heaping smackerl of inxs . ( thanks , pooh for the great word , smackerl , you silly ole bear ) . yet , although i am elementally reminiscent of what made these secular-bands-of-yore-oh-so-great in fireflights unique sound - i must state these ingredient are artfully and purposefully combined to create something fresh - and dare i say anointed ? check out the band website - [ . ] . they have their video available for your viewing pleasure . there is a genuine story being told in each song - i assure you .
1	her usual perfect music . love it .
1	rip
1	my 14 month old baby love this song . quality is great . i wanted exactly same sinsong , singed by same singer etc . and i think this is it !
1	average white band wa and is music to iisten to . 1970 music can be slow or fast depends on what you like to listen to .
0	sorry @ the head and the heart but i just do not get it . i would love to buy every one of your album but this just it is worth the money .
0	purchased this and it never did show up in my account .
0	it is ok
1	one of conways sexy song .
1	love the song it is so uplifting and i play it three or four time a day just to get moving !
1	keeping it real .
1	great voice ! this is a wonderful album to listen to . well worth the $ 5
1	lady gaga - cheer to you darling , this song is fabulous ! i highly recommend you buy it . i did and i will never regret it . this is a song you can listen to over and over again . wonderful ! : )
0	when i bought this dvd i wa expecting to get the famous cali lifestyle 2 dvd . instead i got the audio cd with a small sample of creeper present cali lifestyle 2. the small sample dvd only contains about 4 minute of video footage from creeper cali lifestyle 2 dvd . if you want the full dvd contact cali finest production . you can also buy the full dvd just a long it doe not contain the audio cd . i wa very dissapointed with this purchase .
0	this is terrible . anything by this artist should have never gotten popular what so ever . it so overplayed & way overrated .
0	the sound on this cd varies so much from impossible to hear to explosive , it is impossible to discreetlly play in the office . one minute you are straining to hear the word , the next minute you are scrambling to turn it down . susan boyle voice is low , almost a mumble , and she sound like a little girl- not like the susan boyle we hear on other selection . i put a big free sticker on it and put it in the breakroom the day after i got it .
0	quality of recording is not perfect ? * %
1	great song
1	love this vinyl
0	i am so disappointed in the last 3 i bought b/c they were represented to be new when they were only the same song , rearranged or in a different language . this is very poor representation especially for a new group . whoever made those decision should be fired . their objective should b to make new follower , not loose them . i have purchased 15 dvd a present and 2 new cd and i will not purchase another because i have learned i can not trust the label .
1	this song came out in the 90 and i remember having this cd at the time . this wa one of their big hit along with i want u. i love this song because the group came along with a new sound . they were in when grunge rock ruled , but along come savage garden , what a blessing . the song is excellent a great beeat with great lyric , i would recommend this song to anyone who love great music from the classic , 80 , an 90 . a great band for those of u who whated something besides those grunge band . kris l. cockayne
0	not many good song . a mediocre effort from a big talent
1	lov it
1	this product take the form of two compact disc on the decca label . the conductor is riccardo chailly and the orchestra is deutsches symphonie orchester berlin . the singer is brigitte fassbaender . warning regarding fassbaender . in da klangende lied , the vocal are not a prominent a the orchestral part . but in all the other piece in the two disc , the vocal are more prominent . it is therefore the case that in these other piece , the voice of brigitte fassbaender is what the listener hears most . fassbaenders singing style ( if you want to call it singing ) includes a grossly exaggerated vibrato . this bizarre , exaggerated vibrato cause fassbaenders singing to be grossly distorted , to be a perversion , and to be an insult to the mahlerian tradition . when fassbaenders voice ha a prominent role in any recording , it damage the recording and ha the potential to cause the listener to be annoyed , irritated , and angry . in some kind of music , such a i put a spell on you a recorded by screaming jay hawkins , or in grindcore music , such a exhume to consume a recorded by the grindcore band carcass , the distorted voice is the point of the recording , and the distorted voice enhances the pleasure of the listening experience . but fassbaender fails to realize that mahler music is not grindcore music . also , fassbaender fails to realize that mahler music is not some type of novelty song a is the case with i put a spell on you . for this reason , i recommend only da klagende lied , but am not able to recommend the other piece on this 2-disc set . the composition on the disc are all by gustav mahler , and they consist of da klagende lied , kindertotenlieder , de knaben wunderhorn , lied eines fahrenden gesellen ( all four song of song of a wayfarer are here ) , and ruckert leider ( all five song are here ) . only three of the thirteen of the song of de knaben wunderhorn are on this compilation . this review provides a side-by-side comparison of de knaben wunderhorn with the same recording under the baton of simon rattle . the rattle recording is slightly better , for reason disclosed below . this review also provides a side-by-side comparison of one of the song from da knaben wunderhorn ( the song about the fish ) with the recording by thomas qusthoff and the beliner philharmoniker under the baton of claudio abbado . the abbado recording is slightly better , for the reason listed below . second-by-second account of waldmarchen . this provides a description of the opening moment of da klagende lied , one of my very favorite piece from the classical repertoire . waldmarchen begin with muffled kettle drum . at the 6 second point , the french horn provide a short riff . then , at 18 second , the flute join in . the french horn resume at 23 second , and at 24 second , the reed and string join the fray . at 33 second , the french horn join in again , and here they play a real tune , not just a riff . at 50 second , the melody provided by the entire orchestra descend to a lower pitch , and the previously presented motif are reiterated but at the lower pitch . at one minute and 37 second come a momentary crescendo . it is a big crescendo , but there is not any crash of cymbal . these timing are for the rattle recording . this and other part of da klagende lied are essentially the same for the chailly recording and for the rattle recording , with the nit-picky exception that i list below . the chailly recording of waldmarchen begin with a background noise hum that last for a second , but the rattle recording start with music , not with any hum . comparing waldmarchen recording under the baton of chailly and rattle . the chailly timing is 28 minute and 8 second , while the rattle timing is 28 minute and 31 second . in the chailly recording , the tenor ( werner hollweg ) make his entrance at 5 min , 36 sec , singing one of the most beautiful melody in the classical repertoire . mr. hollwegs voice is slightly tinny . in the rattle recording , the tenor ( robert tear ) make his entrance at 5 min , 23 second . robert tear voice is somewhat creamy sounding , somewhat like that of thomas quasthoff . thus , i have a very slight preference for the rattle recording . for reason unknown to me , the chailly recording ha a tenor ( werner hollweg ) and a bass ( andreas schmidt ) , while in contrast , the rattle recording ha a tenor and a baritone . the tenor is robert tear and the baritone is sean rea . the next movement in da klagende lied is der speilmann . there is no discernable difference to my ear , in the opening minute of the chailly and rattle recording . hochzeitsstuck . the chailly recording clock at 18:32 , while the rattle recording is 18:57. the opening minute is distinguished by solo flourish from the kettle drum , a strong bass line provided by tuba and stringed bass , and blaring brass . this third movement of da klagende lied is distinguished by the presence of an off-stage band , which is much quieter than the on-stage orchestra . the off-stage band can be heard , for example , in the interval of 2:16 to 3:12. when the off-stage band is playing , the only other source of music is vocal soloist , at least for this interval of time . this movement also feature a chorus preference . for the following reason , i have a slight preference for the rattle recording of da klagende lied . the rattle recording wa recorded at a higher volume , and the brass and cymbal are more crisp and dramatic . in contrast , the chailly recording could be characterized a very slightly muddy . also i have a slight preference for robert tear voice , over the tinny voice of hollweg . the following compare da knaben wunderhorn from the chailly recording with that by thomas quasthoff ( baritone ) and anne sofie von otter ( mezzosoprano ) , a conducted by abbado on the deutche grammophon label . on the chailly recording , there are only three song , a i mentioned above , and these are sung by brigitte fassbaender who us a pronounced vibrato . in the abbado recording , some of the song are sung by the male while others by the female . my favorite of all of the song from da knaben wunderhorn is the song about the fish , and i like this one the best because it is the same melody a that found in the waltz movement in mahler symphony no . 2. anyway , this compare the fish song ( de antonius von padua fishpredight from the chailly and abbado recording . notable feature of the abbado recording are the fluttery flute motif occurring at 20-30 second and 60-65 second , and the five second donkey-like braying from clarinet that occurs at 60 second and again at 105 second . the piece concludes with a low volume mysterious sounding chinese gong . i prefer the abbado recording over the chailly recording for many reason . first of all , the chailly recording of the fish song ha too much echo . also , in the chailly recording the fluttery flute motif are obscured , because brigitte fassbaender sings at the same pitch a the flute , and because brigitte fassbaender make her voice flitter and flutter with her vibrato . the clarinet donkey sound is not much noticeable in the chailly recording . also , the very end of the piece in the chailly recording feature a prominent low note from a bassoon , and to my ear , the mysterious sounding chinese gong doe not occur at the end of the chailly recording . to reiterate these point , what i like and prefer about the abbado recording is the crisper sound , and the more easily discernable fluttery flute , donkey braying , and mysterious chinese gong . conclusion . the chailly recording provides a great selection of mahler piece that are not numbered symphony . a careful side-by-side comparison of any of the piece on the chailly recording with other recording will enable any listener to decide on a favored recording . i did my own side-by-side comparison , and discovered that i had a slight preference for recording under the baton of simon rattle and claudio abbado . da klagende lied is my very favorite of mahler composition , and it ha been my favorite since the year 1972. it wa composed when mahler wa only twenty year old .
1	i purchased this song because it wa one of the song my father requested be played at his funeral . and rocio sings it with such heartfelt emotion .
0	i purchased the mp3 but could not download it . i wa charged and when i contacted them they told me to try it again . it doe not work and all the thing they told me to do to fix it i had aldready told them i had done previous to contacting them . they were no help and i am out .99 ( big deal ) but still have no song .
0	when wilson first broke into country music , her hit such a redneck woman , homewrecker and here for the party were cutting , fresh and brash . now her latest single , do not do me no good is just uninspired- it sound like the 101th song out there on country radio . an uptempo hookless radio tailored ditty that is a clumsy a the title is . wilson should ditched the gloss of commerciality and re-invent herself . she should just take her advice when she sings on this track , yeah i know it aint right/to sit around all night and let your memory/get the best of me .
1	excellent sound quality and music selection of the great sousa ! a must buy for any march lover !
1	this is an absolute classic . it brings me back to the day when michael wa but a wee child prodigy and that make sme happy
1	uplifting & encouraging !
1	the song re-interpreted on this album a well a the original have far surpassed those before them . this might be a christmas album , but the music is not limited to only that time of year .
0	the version of the song is not my favorite . unfortunately , i think this is the only version released . i even tried to find the song on the soundtrack of the national lampoon vacation movie but wasnt able .
1	more jimi hendrix awesomeness ! do i really need to say anything ? if your a jimi fan , buy it and listen !
1	this is by far his most unappreciated work , yet one of his best . a bridge between and rock of youth and the mellowness of american songbook . it is unique , it is honest and it is meaningful . the song come from the heart and are best with a soulmate , a bottle of wine and quiet evening . i never fully appreciated rod stewart until i heard this .
1	you can not help but tear up when listening to this song . it is an amazing song amd lea made it even better !
1	this band is so good ! there last album wa good . this one is even better !
1	what a great song !
0	too much talking
1	this is a wonderful song that epitomizes the sound of country music between about 1988 and 1995. really take me back to that time , really good song .
1	exceptional people should stand tall with the higher power and find some way to let other people know that life can be more than a collection of thing that idiot teach each other to do so they can do what everybody else is doing . best of all , why should i be scared of you ? is dismissed by this song like sister and brother are not just going to be one more . dig it .
0	richie sounded good when i heard him on howard , but the cd sound overproduced and too electronic . very disappointed and would not recommend .
0	three year old order this by mistake while talking to alexa
1	ahhhhh i love this song !
0	really misleading . it is more of a 10 minute show than a full length one . lot of behind the scene talk but that is about it .
0	the drifter are typical of many group of the era , with individual member reconstituting the band with mostly new member . lot of lawsuit usually resulted . the nostalgic listener , expecting an authentic trip down memory lane , is the loser . if you are looking for the real thing , you have to go to the source : atlantic record ( < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/only-in-america-atlantic-soul-classics/dp/b00260phvo/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > only in america : atlantic soul classic < /a > ) . this marvelous collection includes the original recording of great drifter song , a well a many other atlantic performer such a ben e. king , don covay , sam & dave and otis redding . it aint cheap , but the real thing seldom is .
1	i love her music , it is great to listen to . she is one of the great singer in the world right now . i love playing her song .
1	best duo
0	i have purchased both installment of the movie , but found this audio expedition a little tedious and somewhat deviod of the honesty and good taste evident from the excellent video documentary by the mayles brother . this audio encounter is not by the mayles , and the lack of trust and intimacy is missing between the party . the producer for the cd came across a excited college student seizing an opportunity to make a fast buck . the tone throughout appeared shallow and exploitive . i do not know the timing of this production but big edie ( mum ) doe not seem to take part at all . the appeal of little edie had always been her expression , body language , and refreshing vocal ; this production did not stimulate at all , and wa frankly a little humdrum .
0	love the song but this version is barely audible . hello , it is rock , where is the volume .
1	great song better than season one that also deserve a full cd release like season 1
0	in my country if you make music this bad you get your private chopped off . thats all i have to say , no 50 cent , it is not my birthday , and we are not gon na party like it my birthday , especially not to your crappy music . have a nice day
0	nancy sinatra spent over 30k to resurrect this wretched dreck from her vault ! she should have saved her money for a vocal coach and a decent plastic surgeon .
0	just do not like it , i took it just to check it out and i found out i do not like it .
1	louie prima and keely smith , the king and queen of the 50 vega lounge circuit . included in this recording is the seldom-heard verse in just one of those thing .
1	love this song ! can picture the scene a it play out . a favorite every time i hear it ! thank you !
0	i downloaded it thinking that i could use it and hear it . it wa lost in my harddrive somewhere and now i just wasted a $ 1.00
1	sound like old school veruca salt . recommended .
0	i love him , not a much a he doe , but i have enjoyed all his music to this point . you can find song like this on any album in the genre , nothing wa added to the music world from this album .
0	did not like this version a much a the original but i still used this for a 50th class reunion power point presentation .
0	would not be heartbroken if i lost the whole cd . i seldom buy anything without listening to it beforehand . with that goal in mind i listened to the whole album elsewhere . i really do not know how to describe how i feel . it is not bad music , it is not a bad album . but it is not music that make me yell at people in the car to shut up so i can listen to the band - i suspect that it would just play in the background now and even my husband would be okay with it . i would never in a million year be able to identify this a classic mumford & son - other than the fact that the lyric are better than most band have . i own a few cd that i would be absolutely heartbroken if i lost or broke , this is not going to be one of them . it is the kind of music you can stick in the player in the truck and everyone can listen to but i would not play it driving at night because - dare i say - it is kind of boring and yawn inducing . i am not going to purchase new - i will wait for used and cheaper . not that i think amazon is asking too much - i just do not think that this album is worth my very hard earned dollar . sorry mumford & son , the album is ok but not what we really liked you for .
0	if you are looking for a continuation off the totally awesome chronic and 2001 album - this is not it . i do not feel that this is a dr. dre album since he is not the predominant rapper , but a compilation of mixed rapper produced by dre . there is no real flow to this album and the only real solid track is the last one . maybe he should have made detox all along . oh well .
1	steely dan wa ahead of their time with controversial lyric mixed with a flowing jazz ensemble from the early 70 . other hit song by them were hey , nineteen , rikki do not lose that number , deacon blue and do it again .
0	i have trouble keeping this cd on . the singing is dreadful . her voice is horrible . it sound like she is calling the devil . my kid leave when it is on . i can not recommend this cd , it is just not good .
0	i do not understand how this album won award . i would ask for my money back if i could .
1	hope to hear more of him publicly ! ha a great voice and know how to sing those country song ! keep up the good work
0	audio is terrible
0	rip teleka . this man took your life . i am sorry that people think he some kind of god . but your god will bring you justice someday !
0	boy this is an albumn full of a lot of different song , it is a little different but it is okay
0	this album consists of the song of side two of shotgun angel , the da song soon ! and narration by chuck smith . really , if you have shotgun angel , there is little reason to buy this . if you do not have shotgun angel , get it instead . if you are buying this for the song soon ! ( which is the weakest song on it ) get it on da our personal favorite world famous hit instead . if you are buying this for the narration , it is not worth it . i can not criticize the biblical passage , though not particularly well read ; but the interpretive part is not well done . i should note that my eschatology is in total disagreement , but i knew this would be the case before buying the album ; i expected da artistry and spiritual vision to make it worthwhile - and it would have , had i not already had all the song . the interpretive narration ha no artistry and little of what i call spiritual vision . i really felt like only giving this one star , but da song are very good and would justify a much higher rating than the two star i settled for , were they not better found in their original context ( shotgun angel ) .
0	i really did not find any of it funny , not a single redeeming quality to be found . usually when a comedian is bombing there will be at least one little musing to laugh at . not the case with this one , it is just devoid of charm or humor . it reminds me of a george carlin set but with no joke or interesting idea . i wish i could un-listen to it , do not waste your time .
1	my wedding song thirty-two year ago
0	cd case arrived cracked in many place . have yet to open the case because it is a gift , but hopefully it is ok .
0	no rocky top ? ! ? why bother ? that is like warm beer & cold pizza , close but not quite .
0	just when i thought there wouldnt be another really bad trying to be punk band around the starting line came . they sound exactly like nfg . which is not good either . and there lyric are so boring and lame . if u like bad pop/punk and a annoying whiney i broke up with my girlfriend lyric and not to great of music then this is the cd for u
1	i got turned to brody dalle from her spinnerette album , which i think is great ! this one did not deliver like that one for me but i am still listening to it . i love brodys voice and passion she sings with so i will keep listening . usually for me when an album doe not hit me right away , it will a little later , well see .
0	package wa sent back originally because it wa too damaged . i had to re-order the product and when i received it the case wa severely damaged any ] way .
0	gardian - voyager & fusion ( 2001 - millenium eight record ) 1 ) instrumental intro 2 ) voyager 3 ) across the universe 4 ) run to the light ( early version of one of a kind ) 5 ) in a world without love ( early version of world without love ) 6 ) i am here ( tony sings and play guitar on this track ) 7 ) prisoner zone 8 ) look to the future 9 ) hyperdrive ( early version of the re-recorded bonus track for first watch ) 10 ) when the time is right 11 ) marching on ( early version of the re-recorded bonus track for first watch ) 12 ) spiritual warfare 13 ) miracle of the galaxy ( early version of miracle ) 14 ) living for the promise ( early version of livin for the promise ) 15 ) eclipse ( not on first watch ) 16 ) rock in victory ( early version of rock in victory ) 17 ) step to the light ( very early version of one of a kind ) 18 ) armored defense 19 ) your love look to the future * = fusion - rock in victory ( ep ) ( 1984 ) ( six song ep - but not sure if it is all here ? ) ( i believe only the last three song are from riv . ) ? = gardian - voyager ( 1987 ) ( how many track on this ? do not know what track are from this , and where or what the other track tony palacios play on are from ( maybe a demoed first watch tape or something ? ) * = from the california metal ( comp . ) ( 1987 ) ? = demo version of song that later ended up on first watch stuff . not sure which were on voyager ? - james isham wa the lead guitarist on rock in victory , tony palacios wa the lead guitarist on all other track . to the best of my ability i only assume tony is playing on all the flashy george lynch type guitar stuff . could not find the track listing for rock in victory or voyager . it sound like tonys playing on everything except the last 3 track ( 17-19 ) . - they did say that many of the same song appear on both rock in victory & voyager . so i believe only half of rock in victory is on here ? - so overall this sound like s * t - but some good shredding guitar solo are hidden in the mix . would have been nice if millenium eight record had spent a few buck cleaning this up . tony shred !
0	i agree with eric , who reviewed this cd , like him i find this cd not too attractive . other than the hit song heard it all before , sunshine ha not presented any hot track on this album . the sound and lyric are flat and lacking of flavor , which could be labeled a light cuisine . a for me i need a couple of calorie to make me feel good . i would not dare to compare her to kelly price , she might have a potential , but she is still got a long way to go to get there .
