0	bought cd , but not version of song i wanted . rest of cd wa not good . returned wa refused . now what ?
0	sorry p86 , i love you guy , i love your old music , but ... this stuff just sound too mediocre . where is the excitement , the energy , the passion . i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here . unfortunately , that wa a mistake . not that the album is horrible , it just , meh . bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3/4 little green men team black soma one armed man me against me
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed . long gone are the day where it seemed that they could do no wrong . what ruin most if not all of the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer way past his/her prime . not a good album in the least bit .
0	great band ! great song ! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end of the song right after the drum solo at the end . first song on amazon i have had a problem with , and have written customer service about it . will update this review after we see what they are willing to do to fix it . do not mind paying for a song or music , a long a it is the entire song ! !
0	i wanted to like this cd so much ! i knew the music style wa going to be different from title , but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter . sadly these new song just are not for me . it is just my opinion . i have listened to it twice and i just can not listen to it one more time . i still like meghan trainor . i hope i can connect better with her next album .
0	dudnt see the teeny tiny description that said it wa only one cd . okay , now that i have cd # 2 , how do i go about getting cd # 2 ( since the description doe not mention which one you will get ) ? ? ? ?
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio , i thought they had a nice , interesting sound and purchased this cd . the boy have beautiful voice , that can not be doubted . what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album . the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate . i also found the lyric sophomoric , saccrine , and self- consciously new agey with a thiny veiled , but oh so deep christian overtone . some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem ! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording . the album had a very slick , commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me . and finally , when reading the liner note , it say that that producer/choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound ! come on ! if you are going to picture young , prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing , stick with that ! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background/elevator music in my opinion . there are other childrens choir recording that do not sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter , singing silly lyric and being over-dubbed to make them sound better . the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they do not have the trained voice of professional and do not sound perfect ! ! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album . if you love good choral music a i do , this will only serve to frustrate you , so walk away . i suggest you do not make the same mistake i did ! you will be sorry . a few song are ok to listen to , but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least .....
0	if this song is in my amazon cloud collection , i am unaware of making this purchase . if i in fact did make this purchase , i do not like this song at all .
0	to begin , please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western . 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year . in the comic , jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty , hard-edged story that featured a tough ex-confederate soldier turned hard-case bounty hunter roaming the old west . i won ` t belabor the detail , but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie . jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol , or whistle dixie ? the movie jonah hex , while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude , unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at ( ... i mean ... c ` mon ... twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle ? ... a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite ? ? ) jonah hex -- the character -- wa never about gadget and gimmick , or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session . it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight , hard-edged western , so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen-age audience ... and created a mess . now , i do enjoy so-called steampunk -- the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example -- but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk . neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting . this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west , which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit . it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan-favorite tv series and change thing .... the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience ... so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted ? hey -- hollywood know best what people will like ... right ? the real tragedy here is that , like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue . of course , film-makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre . it ` s too bad ... great character create fan by being appealing , by being ... great . the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character . well .... i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan .
0	leave the light is okay . when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over . what happened to her . she ha certainly turned into the pop-junk american idol judge to be . she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular . eeewwwwwhhh . where is the girl that sang from her soul . i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song . and now a moment of silence for jewel ... oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer . we will always remember you .
0	this is not the accapella . this is labeled incorrectly . i purchased it because someone else wrote that it wa in fact the accapella but that is not true .
0	after looking at the image of the album cover and clicking i thought that this wa some incredible deal for the entire act 1 of this delightful opera . no way ! just a less-than-2-minute aria ! so ..... with amazon , always read the fine print .
0	i bought the clean version by mistake . i would never buy a clean version eminem album . so make sure it is what you are looking for
0	not happy with it . only contained 11 song . the digital ha 18. some of my favorite wee not on the cd .
0	his voice is just bad , even recorded , where they have all the trick and technology , he is just bad , boring , no feel , no passion , merely generic , it is sad . and to just put out 5 song after ai 2006/2007 is just poor management .
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar ? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos . thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante . alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia . thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y radio latino . solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo . basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio !
0	meh
0	i got a lot of song off of amazon that were free and i did not like any of them , including this song . i guess it wa worth the price .
0	fine voice ; same four chord over and over .
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond . i thought they were so-so but decided to give revel a try . i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i do not know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something . i did not . they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ) . a for the sax player , he is with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine . my cd ha been collecting dust ever since .
0	the packaging made the cd looked used , everything look bad quality and it doe not not include all the song that say in the back cover not the deluxe cd
0	better than the second cd but not a good a the first cd
0	do not waste your money on a bimbo who support cop killer . music wa awful . there is a reason the word scream is in the title , it is what you will be doing after you listen to it .
0	i have this one to give to someone else . i noted that when this music is played by smooth jax ... there just is not enough other instrument in the music ... i have now learned to buy smooth jazz production that contain a variety of music from other musician ...
0	came wutg cinoyter ,
0	creepy a f # # # lyric and danzig voice ... what is not to love ?
1	great for meditation . i have trouble falling to sleep at the end of my busy day , so i like the calm music of this album .
1	hall and oat . need i say more .
1	what can your say , it is casting crown . love it !
1	robert johnson a legend of the blue . a man whom , some say , sold his soul for the ability to play the guitar and sing the blue . in some of his song the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the deal , once the reality of that deal is realized by bob johnson . i do not know if it is true or not . but poor bob could sing and play the blue !
1	good song . good positive vie minus the rolling up of the diamond blunt on the cover . smh liked it the first time i heard it .
1	wow so worth it !
1	love the song . good , easy download !
1	the word say it all . it give me peace in a turbulent world , i have loved the music of dallas holm for over 30 year
1	shazamd this song off the good wife . it an empowering song !
1	manhattan transfer is one of my favorite group and tuxedo junction is one of my favorite song . another great song by the group is a nightingale sang in barkley square . can you tell i am an old timer .
1	sad time in my life but that is what being 19 yr old is all about . oh yeah , good song too .
1	do not be fooled by the picture . this is great classical music to listen to anytime . i really like it and found that it relief my stress at work . this wa well worth the 99 cent pricetag .
1	seriously , i have always been very shy about singing . i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background , like in the chorus or the congregation . in open your mouth & sing , the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note -- on key ! the instructor , cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room . it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her . i think she could work all the fear out of me . i really like this cd . the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now . i recommend this for the beginner , the wannabe , and someone just wanting to sing better . maryelle b
1	i listen to to this entire set before i go on a job interview . it strangely empowers me .
1	the whole family love this song . it is a call to action and stick with you . from the gentle whisper in your heart to the shout of your faith .
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song , a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor , praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him , he love u , i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song , i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting , they all love this song also , one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference . hallelujah ! may the lord blessing and peace , wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god .
1	good song
1	one of his best that is not often recorded .
1	if your looking for western swing to play at christmas , this is it . ray benson delivers holiday cheer for all .
1	amazing , entertaining , endearing , intense , intelligent , beautiful melody , testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration . lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore , his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music . i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week , wa i ?
1	i love r. kelly and this song wa back in the day when bumping and grinding wa ok and you did not worry about stalker
1	so many beautiful song that touch you in whatever stage your life is in .
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound , this is still an album worth checking out . i loved their first two album , but their unique sound had the potential of turning into a hipster fad . in my opinion , mumford needed to do an album like this to show their range . it is a little more mainstream , but the great lyric , vocal , and musicianship are still evident . do not get too wrapped up in the , it doe not sound like their other music , mindset and you will enjoy the listen .
1	if you do not know schubert , this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself . it includes several symphony , chamber work , piano music , and lied . i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina . the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time . the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable . for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set . the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it . there is a lot of other great music on this box . this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price . i hope that lot of people who do not know schubert will have a chance to experience this music . his music is full of beauty and passion .
