0	poor cd not very musically interesting
0	it wa supposed to be the long version , but is not . just wasted my money .
0	her voice ha been so auto tuned , that you can not even understand what she is trying to sing . this is just horrible .
0	the song ? brilliant . the pressing of the vinyl ? awful .
0	the item wa ( it ) broken
0	and all that is left are some clueless , punk wan na be/california , banal song that do not even get close to the old ton dark , melodic psychedelic melancholy ..... ehh . waist of time and money by all mean ; and by the way pictured rasputin have with all this talent le banging and simple lyric ?
0	a lot of noise byte .... most of them very similar to each other . not worth the purchase . my own fault because i did not preview the sound effect prior to purchase .
0	it ha the wrong name on the song , it is not the bear went over the mountain , it is about touching your finger to your nose and toe .
0	not funny , fitting title though . after listening to this album my depression returned . i wa very close to committing suicide , then realized , my life wa not half a bad a joes .
0	this song is utterly unrecognizable ... is this even a calvin harris production ? oh i am sorry , because i thought he sold out and became a creepy 50 year old frenchman named david guetta . and who is that god awful screecher doing the vocal ?
0	very short ... not the whole song . very disappointing . amazon will not return music ... a waste of $ 1
0	a disappointing film that ruin the meaning of a film adaptation ! while josh brolin is normally a great actor , he could not provide convincing acting when he played jonah hex . also , this film ha poor makeup because jonah hex scar are supposed to be more extensive while in this film , they toned down the scarring too much . they could have at least used cgi to extend the scarring instead of trying to mess it up with old-fashioned makeup . another issue that came up in this film is the fact that megan fox and john malkovich use the same acting style they use in all of their movie instead of altering their acting so that they seem more convincing and they would not look like emotionless robot trying to preach their line . in conclusion , this film is a complete disappointment to audience everywhere. & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/the-young-guardians-and-the-genesis-spell/dp/1432743821/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > the young guardian and the genesis spell < /a >
0	i think this record is getting way too much praise for this material that she put out . i like the title song . i am feelin that . your woman and letting down my guard are good song to me . i also like a little sunshine . simply for the fact that she can do something positive and not all of these i love you ... and i hate you ... song , see i heard it all before ! move on .
0	this soundtrack ha never been legitimately issued on cd . it is a cd-r , not a pressed cd . lindsay buckingham himself ( performer/author of the title track ) ha been questioned about the soundtrack and confirmed that it ha never been legitimately issued . again : this soundtrack ha never been issued on cd anywhere in the world . never . anywhere . this is a bootleg .
0	sword and staff / b0019umh9w it would be interesting to know what the intended audience for this song would be - i realize there are christian wiccan , but i do not think they are a large percentage of the pagan community . with intones of maiden , mother , and crone ... father , son , and holy ghost meant to merge the three concept , and with line like a spell is nothing but a prayer , i can think of fewer way to quickly fall out with your coven than to bring this along without warning to your next circle gathering . tongue-in-cheek aside , this is not really a favorite track of mine . i love heather alexander vocal , but the heavy preachy feel of this track just sort of turn me off , which is odd , because normally i strongly resonate with coexist theme in art and music . i guess what turn me off is because the song feel le like difference are valuable and we should get along and more like there are no difference and people need to get that . said another way , i do not think there is anything wrong with saying , for instance , that prayer and spell are similar , or that the triple goddess encompass many of the same concept a the christian trinity , but when you devote a whole song saying , over and over again , that only the word are different and everything is completely the same , it bother me that there is no room for nuance or difference . i do not think that we should be defined by our theological difference , for that way lie only fractiousness , but i do think we should not be told that those difference do not exist - the existence of difference is , i think , subjective between the participant , and not an objective truth to be doled out by a third party . i digress . this is a very pretty song , and if you agree with the concept contained in here , you will probably enjoy it immensely . and i would not consider it completely inappropriate for a circle gathering , a long a it is understood that this is just one opinion among many , and everyone is respectful of differing opinion . it is not really a sing-along song if you are just here for the filk music , though . ~ ana mardoll
0	there wa only one song on this cd that i liked . threw it out , it wa not worth listening to so sorry .
0	selfies are annoying enough , i do not see why an annoying song wa necessary . the white girl voice in this song is so unbelievably annoying . i want to just smash my headphone . i mean yes , it ha a catchy tune , but it is not the type of song that you spend money on . look up on youtube , watch it once , and then never discus it again .
0	what were they thinking ? played this thru a few time and just did not get it . would not recommend .
0	here is our mitch allegedly drugged out ... and it is a shame to see all that talent hidden behind the high . he is just not all there for his audience . i listened to strategic grill right before do you believe in gosh and the difference wa so very plain and painful to hear . god bless this man soul ; he wa a true talent and a victim of the world of drug that is taking and continues to take the best and brightest star in all venue . this cd wa a big disappointment for this mitch fan . i only gave it two star because this guy wa an outstanding performer in his short-lived prime .
0	i use to be a huge ntwicm fan . i have 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 , 12,13 , 14 , 15 , 16 , 17 , 18 , 19 , 20 , now # 1 , 21 , 22 , and 23. but this wa before itunes really surpassed cd sale -- and before i really got into ipod and mp3s . but now people can buy music online or illegally download music . they no longer have to deal with album filler . the series is no longer hot .
0	i have bought every record of regina spektor thus far and i usually burn the disc out by replaying and replaying till every line is stuck in my head . that just did not happen this time . there were maybe one or two song i liked but i did not feel the same urge to replay the album .
0	i had heard this had been released . so glad amazon allows you to listen to part of each song . they all sound the same . techno junk . no singing . obviously trying to capitalize on her 15 minute . need to go back to cooking school . do not waste your money .
0	i returned it .
0	and that is the exact problem with this album . no anger , no energy , that typical d4 anthemic sound ha been sugar coated somehow to make it more appropriate for tracking a skate video they would be playing at zumies . it is not punk it is bunk . sorry dude .
0	ugh
0	i placed this order around the 15th of january and when i received it , i realized it wa the wrong one for this particular class . i contacted the seller immediately who told me i could return the cd , yes i said cd when i contacted the seller . i mailed it back that day . it is now the 14th of feb and to date i have not received a refund , however the seller did contact me after an inquiry i made to tell me they would not refund my money instead they would send the cd back . thiw wa never mentioned in the initial contact i had with the seller when i explained that this wa wrong , now however , this is their story . i will not do business with this seller in the future , nor would i recommend that anyone else doe . i imagine they will sell this cd again and make money off someone else , since they made money off me already .
0	this feature a pan flute much like recording of zamfir . one of those thing that you will either love or hate ! too schmaltzy for me !
0	s & * t sandwich .
0	tired as song
0	save your money . this is not even close to anything the lead singer did with mcqueen street . it is some bizarre sort of alice in wonderland themed album that left me with vision of minstrel & peasant dancing around a butter churner in some sort of renaissance fair hell . no rocker , not even a hint of the mcqueen st that came before . i am going to guess he wa in some sort of coked out haze due to grunge killing mcqueen street future , and this is the sad result . listen at your own peril . if i could give this zero star i would .
0	he is a really great singer but the production of the cd suck . the cd skip and is very poor quality . i sent the first one back hoping it wa an isolated event but the second cd came in skipping in different place than the first . i kept it because i could not get my money back . i hope he put out a cd with a decent company .
0	love this song and artist . he is the best 2 put u in the move . easy 2 order and download .
0	in the past two week i have procured both this album and willies live album from the late 70 with the family . perhaps it is due to such a stark contrast with that earlier , energized and authentic performance that i find this album to be so remarkably unfulfiling . depressing , actually . yes , maria is catchy and the title track is not bad , but the guest star intrude , the production smother , and the album sink beneath it own bloat . pity , really , a willie and his fan deserve better . to echo another reviewer , across the borderline cover the same concept in an infinitely more creative fashion ; direct your attention there . or almost anywhere else in willies catalog for that matter . and , of course , willie and family live is essential .
0	apparently lisa loeb doe not know any kid of color . pretty oddly homogeneous-looking group of kid , considering the year we are in . the song and video are not very engaging , either . my son love music but he wa bored by this and so wa i. p.s . this review is for the streaming video version that you can watch on amazon prime video .
0	this is an original artist remake . if you want the original version of this song click here > & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/one-more-try/dp/b002sz2z80/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > one more try < /a >
0	this guy is most likely a rapist , sex offender , and member of isi . this comedian is a threat to the economy and political stability of the united state . avoid at all cost .
0	i could not ever figure out how to download it . the song itself i love : i just can not listen to the one i bought .
0	good thing this song and the others i downloaded were free . they do not tell you that if you do not click amazon downloader immediately after purchasing a song , the download expires and you do not get the song . the one song that did download , is invisible to itunes anyway . so that free mp3 $ 5 bonus actually wa just a disappointment . i wanted to give it a rating of no star , but that is not a choice .
0	this is a wonderful collection of bird birdland recording . they are priceless , but some of these recording have splice . for example , anthropology from march 31 , 1951. the second b section of bird solo it spliced out . on the out-chorus , there are two area where 2.5 beat are dropped . this is not true for the original lp on columbia , so somewhere in the remastering thing got screwed up . if you you want the solo for the omnibook , you will be disappointed by the omission . unfortunately , other collection are overpriced nowadays . i have not explored other re-releases for completeness .
0	when most folk think of the ode to joy in beethoven 9th , i expect they recall the choral segment . this 1 min. , 23 sec . bit of the 9th is only the opening part of the longer instrumental prelude to the choral piece . that said , this particular arrangement of the piece and the recording quality are both good .
0	i am a huge fan of stephen marley , but to call this part ii of revelation is an insult to part i. this album is much more poppy with song that were obviously created to cross over into other market and be played in nightclub . i usually end up skipping over most of the song when they come up on my playlist .
0	honestly , this album is no where near a good a the new one they put out last year a it is on earth - that album is a solid 4-5 star ! this ha one hit from the 90 but is no where near a creative a a it is on earth
0	this cd is not the same album i owned on vinyl or audiocassette . the original american help ! album wa both a beatles album and a soundtrack album . what happened to the instrumental track that ken thorne composed ? those great instrumental track that were on the lp are missing ? one of the central plot element of help ! wa the satirical slant spoofing the james bond-spy phenomenon of that period ! the music that ken thorne composed or adapted is now missing . the beatles song interlaced with thornes instrumentals made for a great musical experience from the film . i objectively can only rate this based on the absence of this fantastically nostalgic material . this cover is not a good a the original in my opinion . the original wa more intricate and detailed and wa truly more a product of the film and the time . ....
0	i think this is her worst song ever ... blah ! she is so talented , i can not fathom why she would write such an incipid song a this .
0	fantastic - i love it ! ! !
0	i bought this album several week ago . when one use to walk past a carousel the bass drum would stir your inside and the sound wa incredable . in spite of an exotic sound system this album sound a if it were recorded over the telephone . take a pas on it .
0	not the best stuff from either artist
0	this is ok for this genre of music
0	it is ok do not really like the dramatization that they use . they tend to change the wording with out changing it .
0	which wa zero . i would rather listen to enos window start up patch over and over .
0	love album but sound is terrible can not believe the record company dropped the ball on such a good album
0	not all that good . sort of a self-indulgent record for the continental drifter . better to get the original music by richard thompson and linda thompson .
0	do not buy mp3 ! ! ! ! once you download it you have it for 24 hour and then it is gone ! this ha happened to me several time before . there have been a few song that i have been able to keep , but this is irritating . how do you return a downloaded song ! ! !
0	when i first heard chrisettes if i had my way i had to know who she wa . i wa so amazed at her talent , and thankful for the new neo-soul talent . then can epiphany and it ha been downhill since then . she ha sold out in the worst way and i am contemplating deleting this album from my ipod .
0	i really like this song but this version is a terrible copy of it . the sound quality is awful . try buying one of the other album it is featured on .
0	i do not like this song , and i do plan on deleting it , but i guess even so , i still have an opinion . in my opinion , it is a single star for sure .
0	this arrangement wa lifted straight from jonathan coulton , who wrote and performed a completely legal , ethical cover . fox did not even give him credit . do not support these unfair business practice .
0	my taste ha change over the years.i should not bought it .its okay my mom love it.go figure.she play it alot .
0	the music is great ! but the cd came cracked in four place : ( i wa so disappointed
0	wasnt relaxing at all ... it wa very abrasive and disturbing to me . this might be your cup of tea , but it wasnt mine
0	i thought i wa purchasing the brad paisley and dolly parton version . unfortunately , this wa just a very good cover rendition .
0	save your money , do not buy get rich or die tryin . i am only giving him one star because they will not allow me give him no star . 50 cent is simply an overrated scumbag that owes his success to dre and eminem . plainly 50 is a fool ! ! ! ! let u have a brief rundown of the messed up track on that album . 01-intro : coin dropping , indicating a 50cent coin , creative but stupid . 02-what up gangsta : great beat ( thanks to d producer ) weak rhyme , lame lyric , terrible song . 03- patiently waiting : 50 cent get murdered by eminem slick rhyme and captivating flow . when 50 begin to drop , song mood change , and make you want to skip the track . 04- many men : yepa ! they want to kill me , many many men , trash like that is what you will hear . all that over-muscled idiot talk about is getting shot . 05- in da club : u can find me in the club . am i looking for you ? 06- high all the time : another senseless track with a great beat , but ala 50 cent rapping screw up the track . he can never be the next best thing , excluding sale . 07- heat : what the hell is this guy talking about 08-if i can not : another track with good instrumentals , fifty bust fairly well in this song , but still make no sense . he seems to just pen what come into his head that rhyme , leaving him lacking a message . 09-blood hound : so terrible , i reserve my comment . 10-back down : ja rule dis , weak rhyme , but and engrossing beat . 50 doe not even intelligently dis ja rule . he make stupid statement like you is a pop-tart sweetheart , you soft in the middle . 11-p.i.m.p : you heard it ? what do you think ? 12-like my style : surely enough , another great beat , but still lyrically weak and lacking of meaning . 13-poor lil rich : this song is so sickening i do not think i have ever heard it from a to z . 50 is just tooo weak . 14-21 question : this man ha been shot , stabbed , sent to jail , and he end up rappin about stuff like if i wrote u a love letter would you write back ? 15-do not push me : amazing beat , eminem and lloyd bank drop some serious rhyme and flow in this one . but 50 , though and improvement from other rhymer , he still can not match up to the other rhyme on this track 16- got ta make it to heaven : and this rate , he will not even make it to the gate . ( bonus ) 17-wanksta : you heard it aint you ? notice the way the talked about a shawty and about then talk about his homeys and then dis a gangsta . this man ha no focus on what he is rapping about . 18- u not like me : catchy chorus , nice beat , okay rhyme . all in all , run from this cd . u can learn nothing from 50 a an aspiring rapper , but if you just want to dance , then by all mean get this album
0	horrible remix . what a racket . stole my money . would never purchase again . waste of money . go look for the real song
0	i really like this song , but $ 1.29 is a thirty percent increase in the price of music . refuse to pay for these over-priced song ! there are plenty still available at $ 0.99 . tell the record company we will not pay more !
0	what happened to this great artist ? the song are so unworthy of him , his vocal musicianship , that it is a crime .
0	i selected this rating because i wanted to be fair . the music is off do not sound like the original beat . these are good song but the beat to these song are off . no ; i would not recommend this to my friend
0	description say mint condition . for that , i would expect at the very least playable . realize i purchased a used product but this vinyl record skip terribly throughout every song on side 1 ( manic monday , in a different light , walking down your street , & walk like an egyptian . all skipping so terribly it is not even listenable ! returning immediately .
0	almost every track skip .
0	i tried and tried but i could never get this to play . finally i gave up . there should be an easier way to locate a download or maybe it just never went through .. do not know but i would spent enough time fooling around with it so i gave up trying .
0	do not like please remove
0	these guy stink , just like any so called punk rock today . do not buy this .
0	ugh . thats the first reaction i get every time i hear these talentless poser on the radio . the singer voice just irritates me beyond explaination and the band can not play . did you know these guy are signed to roadrunner record ? the same label that ha kick as band like slipknot , murderdolls , and stone sour ? sorry , but these fairy just do not fit in with those guy . i just wish all their loser fan would wake up and realize how much nickleback suuuuuucks . dustinx over and out !
0	i have never seen such a display of vulgar liberal jiberal entertainment . they think that they are so tough with their long hair and instrument that make noise . this band is a liberal wacko band , and they need to stop with all of this nonsense hoopla joopa in this day and age . two hippy were walking by me and they were talking about the band . i told them tha they should not listen to it because it rot their brain with total garbage liberal weirdo stuff . do not buy this album ! ! ! ! go republican ! ! ! !
0	deleted the song . i have a woman friend that likedd it , i did not care for him . just personal taste
0	is it just me or doe this just sound like another nickelback/creed type ripoff tune ? ? here at my job they have some crazy a $ $ satellite radio station that keep playing this ridiculous song . give me one good reason why i should like this crappy song ...
0	ok when it play
0	it ha this really odd way of playing the song . it is not the one you are use to hearing . do not get this one
0	seriously ? this is what pass for edgy rock music these day ? this suffers from american idol syndrome - yeah , they can copy the style but there is nothing of substance here . it strike the pose but doe not draw a single drop of blood . you can walk into the mall , blow a wad at hot topic , look all punk rock , but that do not make you a punk . this sound exactly like you would expect from a rich la actress who can afford to record in a top notch studio with good producer and engineer and , hey , if thing do not work out , you just go back to your posh pad and wait for your agent to text you the next tv role . l-a-m-e. you wan na hear dark and dirty female fronted rock ? check out some concrete blonde , 45 grave , legal weapon ... or for something more commercial but still much better , joan jett , blondie , berlin ... kid , you are being sold an image here , nothing more . the only difference between this and an avril lavigne album is the cover .
0	not that good kind of juvenile very simple no head pounding face punching beat . did not like at all ..
0	i found this pathetic excuse for music in my son cd player , and i wa totally appalled ! this cd ha no good message , no positive song , nothing but extremely dirty language about group sex and violence . this is x-rated , pornographic dribble . please people-do not buy this ... you will only inspire more sickos like bos pimp to make more of this garbage . keep our kid safe from bos pimp and his kind !
0	i do not like this some at all thought it wa like th original but it is far from it ! !
0	again , another fake german welle cd . 36 song in all and they pretty much sound the same . the original artist flair is missing . of course they failed to mention that in the add , so i assumed it may be the real thing .
0	strickly a ballad album . wa greatly disappointed . what happened to bryan adam ? ? ? ?
0	not my cup of tea . thought i would listen to it since all the five star .
0	an enthusiastic and rousing rendition to be sure , but the intonation is pretty awful - not even the pipe organ is in tune with itself ! granted , this is ( at least in part ) a student ensemble , but the pitch is downright atrocious in part and no better than sketchy for the duration . stay away from this recording unless ( like i did ) you got a $ 1 voucher for an mp3 purchase . it is worth hearing for free ...
0	sound like every othe hillsongy song . good lyric , but chourus so repetitive that it becomes mindless , annoying , and old very very fast .
0	i have really enjoyed other work they have done , but wa not a impressed with this one .
0	if you like time life christmas you will love this , otherwise buy the time life christmas , better version of all this music are available
0	this compilation doe no justice to isaac hayes , his artistry or his visionary genius . why ? isaac wa an artist whose music needed to be heard ( or , more accurately , experienced ) on a full-length basis to be appreciated . while most of these song were ( out of necessity ) released a single it go without saying that the full-length lp version of such immortal hayes classic a walk on by , i stand accused , the look of love , joy and never can say goodbye were what sold their respective parent album . if you really want a compilation of isaac hit then i recommend getting the now-deleted best of isaac hayes volume 1 & 2 ( both released in 1986 ) a these at least give you the original album version without any ( unnecessary ) editing .
0	good song with good beat remixed with mostly bad or at least worse beat , kind of like nu-mixx klassiz . it is really nothing worth spending your money on , baby do not cry get remixed with black eyed pea where the love is the only song i can play without puke ... it is bad quality on the remixes , i guess that is why they did not get the outlawz to rap some new rap on it , how they got jadakiss and busta is beyond imagination . crap ....
0	sorry , the lyric it begin with just are not for me . i did however momentarily at first enjoy the opening music .
0	i am tired of hearing the same rap over and over again , so i decided to explore the latest r & b offering . yes , r & b is not what it used to be because great singer have been replaced by model wannabe . musician have been replaced by the single hip-hop producer dj . it make for simplistic , boring and repetitive music . sadly , bobby v fell victim to having to do the same old stuff with the same old beat and the same old style of singing a we have heard over the past ten year - although material in roughly the first half of the last decade ( 2000s for those who do not realize that we are in a new decade ) wa pretty good for the hip-hop dj producer . with that said , bobby v talk about the same thing throughout the album . how much i want you , i need you , i got to have you , i can live without you and i want you body song can people sing ? song are incomplete and i feel more like i am listening to a hip-hop mix-tape instead of what should have been a smooth r & b album . bobby v spends too much time thinking that he is sexy and not enough time making good music . i tried my best to like it a i want something to like . i had to listen to the temptation just to ease my mind and hear real signing with real music . i say avoid until r & b singer ditch the hip-hop dj producer and get that live band of musician to make the music a singer should have .
0	wa a bit disappointed .
0	this is an excellent performance of a very obscure ( but not unimportant ) opera . however , this is a 1 disc highlight issue , which is not called out in the description . very disappointing .
0	i suppose , in hindsight , you really can not blame simon cowell . i mean , what do you do when the winner of your talent show ( that would be britain got talent ) is not a singer - but a dancer ? this is simon cowell we are talking about here , remember ; a monster hit tv show is nothing without a token record to stink up the chart after-wards . and whilst cowell re-released the song that george sampson danced to ( mint royales previously ignored dance mix of singing in the rain - now a number one hit because it appeared on this show . a sure-fire sign that cowell basically tell his ignorant viewer what to buy and they will buy it ) , he wa left with the head-scratching problem of how else he could milk this little sampson creep before his 15 minute were up . and lo - this terrible single wa born . because not only doe george dance in the video , in a way that a million other kid in music video do , oh no - he rap now , too . and if you hear a more grating , hateful thing this year , you have full permission to murder whoever is responsible . itll be doing a public service . so yes , it is an obvious attempt to cash in on high school musical , but with one fatal flaw , not taking into consideration the fact george can not sing or rap to save his life . no , the real problem here ? george sampson is an obnoxious snot , with a face you would never tire of pouring boiling water over . that he can not rap is obvious , but is it really possible for one human being to be this loathsome ? a for the music itself , there is 2 track of equal worth here ( it is a double a-side , a laughably optimistic notion that he would actually get a full album on the back of this ) , and both should be banned from ever being played in a public place . headz up ( ooh , spelling thing with a z make you edgy .. about 18 year ago ) is a dire piece of hip-hop so white , so lacking in any energy or passion and so obviously created by boardroom executive you can almost smell the cappuccino . and get up on the dancefloor is littered with sample from about ten other rap and dance track that are about a zillion time too good to be tacked in alongside this garbage . it is a desperate move by cowell to fleece some more money from his easily led british public , and the join is all too visible here . sampson , quite clearly , can do nothing but dance , and hiding his embarrassingly weedy vocal behind all the sample and female singer in the world will not hide that fact . want the good news , though ? this single absolutely tanked , meaning that either the british public are not that easily fooled or that sampsons star is already beginning to fade . either way , that news is certainly something to sing - and dance - about .
0	charisse pempengco is a unique very talented singer . her voice could affect your emotion . she could make the audience cry while singing a sad song . her debut album wa very disappointing though because half of the material in the album wa made for kareoke fan . the album wa produced by cheap and greedy producer who probably decided not to spend more money for more song so they used sing-a-long instrumental a filler . this album is not recommended for international release . just load the song from amazon.com and leave the instrumental part .
0	only 1 good song smh
0	my boyfriend ordered this for me and while the album is fantastic the quality is poor . my album came in very warped , i can not even listen to the b side . i am a little upset because i really enjoy this band and the color of the vinyl but i can not even listen to it .
0	i do not like how the end of this song i purchased from this cd wa copied on to this cd . instead of fading the song out like it should have been . where it end on this cd the song just cut out right in the middle of where it should go into the last 30 second of the instrumental part .
0	amy winehouse is so freakin ugly , how doe she sell album ? a total druggie , alcoholic , and god how much doe she weigh , 45 pound ? she is a terrible role model , she is just a bad a lindsay lohan . winehouse can not sing , she think she is some rockin soul singer from the 1960s but she is not , she is just a wannabe . take my advice and stay away from this over-rated album , but if you like to hear a troubled and pathetic woman whining about going to rehab which is where she is now , then this album should make you happy .
0	sorry stevie fan . i can not agree with your breathless bowing at the foot of stevie . i wa hoping it would be good . .. but it is weak . enough of the tortured breakup song , some of the lyric are really awkward . hardly any memorable melody . the title track is good ... the rest should have been left in the vault .
0	it did not have all tge song on it . so it ok , i guess .
0	this is not the song she sang for t. carter music . i wa ripped off .
0	do not get me wrong , i like meghan trainor , but 10 out of 50 song ? she is not 20 % of the pop market . someone ha drank too much of her kool-aid ...
0	this is horrible . i wish i could delete this from my memory . i do not know why i ever bought this
0	this song contains the word b * * * h. i bought it because i thought the u.s. edit wa more radio friendly for the time in which this song came out . i wa so wrong .
0	not my favorite .
0	i really love this song which is why i bought it but i do not like this remix version . i prefer the radio version . when i listened to the 30 second sample , it did not have the remix so i did not know it wasnt the plain version . kinda disappointed .
0	if you want to listen to music from a band whose drummer is literally part of the reason this world is so messed up then this is the band for you !
0	there are 3 scratch on side a and 1 more on side b. other than the skipping , the rest play fine .
0	i am really bummed -- i liked the song and bought it . i thought i would reviewed it carefully enough on you tube , but a i wa listening to it with my pre-teen i heared the f-word ! i wish i would noticed it before . not sure why there is not an explicit label !
0	the mastermind behind pink floyd ha taken a style he created over 40 year ago and just beat it to death . there is nothing original in concept or style that he ha not been doing since dsotm . he just hate trump now instead of margaret thatcher .
0	love the song , love the toady , but f * * * being encouraged to install an application i do not want and did not invite . i did not select that i wanted the download application . how about amazon executive installing my application on their system , huh ? do you know how many bogus site there are , just begging you to install their downloader ? god help you if you do , because they have got you by the ball , then . i do not trust microsoft , and i do not trust this application will not try to enforce digital right management that i did not agree to . shame on amazon ! ! !
0	is that the fave band of justin timberlake ? the band ha already to take a pause for one year until 2005 ! because not only the lead singer get married but he worry that the fan will be getting bored with them all . p : that is why the dino hard rocking band like zeppelin , deep purple , uriah heep , sabbath who are still able to continue their golden age since the last 33 year , and the fan are still loving them until today . but the new youngster like coldplay ? ? they just started their career for 3 year ago ? ? and they want to stop now ? ? it is a wonderful shame ! !
0	i wa very excited for this album to come out . i have been a fan of river and the =w= since childhood . i am only on my first day of listening , but am in shock at the quality . big hype over this album and all it is is random , jammy song put into an album . plus i have heard half of these song in the past with the same quality or better . not too impressed . but i will always purchase weezer related album for support , but after the green album , make believe , and now this ... i am a bit turned off . lover in the snow , blast off , & who you callin bitch are the only worthy song ... again , i have heard these before this album . go buy the blue deluxe album . it is a way better buy !
0	paid for the twice and each time i did not get the whole cd .
0	i gave this album a few listens and liked it even le on my second go around . through the year the sound ha become very stale and all around un-inspired , at least to me . the first song i ever heard from rasputina wa transylvanian concubine and i loved it ! ! in 2000 i picked up how we quit the forest it being my first album of theirs i wa in love with it . the music on their first 2 album wa so lush and passionate , i even enjoyed her vocal much more on those first 2 album . this is going to be a little review on their progression in my opinion just because i really feel the need to . thanks for the ether - 4.5/5 nearly perfect how we quit the forest - 5/5 pefect ( my fav ) cabin fever - 4/5 this album for me is like a transition between phase 1 and phase 2 of rasputina some song remind me of song off of the first album and some of song off later album over all very strong . lost and found - 3/5 not horrible but over all forgettable best song is the pink floyd cover oh and the traditional cover . frustration plantation - 3 this is where they started to fall in my mind , they got rid of most of their creative drum arrangement and the music came somewhat flat and boring it had some song that i really enjoyed but over all it wa a let down . oh perilous world - 3.5/5 this album feel like a sequel in a true sense to fp , slightly improved and building off the style of that album . there are some very nice song on here , and again some very boring song . sister kinderhook - 2/5 now finally here we arrive with yet another album of the same mishmash and this time with few standout track ( the 2 miss leaven , humankind a the sailor , dark february ( after this song it crashed and burned for me ) ) and a complete lack of creativity boring and pretty much the polar opposite of thanks for the ether . they have completely lost that magic and are now in a cloud of formula and monotony , i know this review is probably dragging on on and i am repeating myself , but i always eagerly anticipated new rasputina release and i hoped fp wa just a misstep but they went down hill from there for the most part . maybe it wa because the more band essence rather than just melora i do not know but i feel like rasputina is a close friend who ha cancer and they are slowly dieing , hopefully the radiation treatment come by and eradicate the cancer . this album is really a shame because the 3 track that stood out to me were amazing but 3 song on a 14 track album is just sub-par . i want to hear something fresh something that make me want to come back again and again . side note : great american gingerbread - 3.5/5 there are some beautiful track on here that take me back some year worth getting for 1-3,6-10 and 13 sorry for the lengthy review ... haha
0	never recorded item .
0	many track on the mp3 version are glitched , like it is a bad cd rip . buy the cd instead , this is unlistenable .
0	my grandson helped me with the first one ( via mp3 ? # ) , but i could not figure out how to get it downloaded to use it on my dvd maker for hour ! ! ! and i never did - cloud player ? what ? i kept going in circle until i gave up ... never finished that project , and the party over !
0	here is the track list . note that there are two version of unchained melody . 1. freedom come freedom go - fortune 2. ooby dooby - roy orbison 3. adelita ( live ) - trini lopez 4. walk in the room - searcher 5. what have they done to my song ma - melanie 6. unchained melody - gerry & pacemaker 7. catch the wind ( live ) - donovan 8. bring it on home to me - percy sledge 9. hideaway - dave dee , dozy , beaky , mick & tich 10. you are not wrong for loving me ( live ) - sweet 11. me and my life - tremeloes 12. ee-i-addio - hazel oconnor 13. did you ever have to make up your mind - lovin spoonful 14. straight shooter ( live ) - mama & papa 15. shotgun shuffle - k.c . & sunshine band 16. said i wasnt gon na tell anybody - sam & dave 17. we do not have to be over 21 - jackson 5 18. that is just the way love is - rita coolidge 19. sweet love song of my soul - kim carnes 20. unchained melody - andy williams
0	run like hell .... i really do not need to say much else . that is a cool album cover art picture though . remember when chucky cheese wa fun ? now it is all video game . not cool . oh yeah , this music blow mule .
0	anyone who is a big of a maiden fan a i am would naturally be excited upon hearing that steve harris is releasing a solo album . however , before listening to a single note and researching how it all came to be , it becomes immediately clear that steve harris ha a very different definition of solo album than , well , anybody else . steve ha spoken of the already established band british lion a early a 1992. look for the interview on the maidenfans site . it is a band he discovered and wa looking to help . now , 20 year later , the band debut album ha finally seen the light of day . yes , steve harris ha joined the band , and supposedly co-wrote all the song ( but a in maiden , this could simply mean he helped with arrangement and/or perhaps added a little section to a pre-existing song , etc ) . i have no doubt the plan is to use steves name to get the album exposure . but make no mistake ; this is by no mean a true solo album . all that aside , if it is good , it is good . unfortunately , it really is not . much ha been made about the poor vocal on this album . really , they are indeed pretty thin , lack power , and have a certain amateurish quality . additionally , the production of the album is pretty weak . the guitar and drum are underneath the bass ( even much more so than on recent maiden album ) , and the album ha a demo sounding quality to it . but most importantly , i find the song rather dull . i can honestly say i find none of it very catchy , and it is mostly generic rock that never get too adventurous . i am just glad we live in an age where music can be streamed legally before deciding to purchase it . wanting to give the cd a fair chance , i have listened to it about 5 time , and i do believe i have reached my limit . i just hope steve doe not waste too much time on this project , at least not to the point where maiden is put on the back burner . i am sure it is fun for steve to do something away from maiden , though , and i do respect him doing something different , even if it is something i can not get into on any level . and heck , if worse come to worse and maiden doe go on hiatus , maybe it would mean that it allows time for bruce dickinson to make another solo record . if that becomes the case , then i guess i would have some reason to be thankful for british lion .
0	i have seen la on tv and liked what i heard so i bought this cd and wa not that pleased felt the production wa lacking i did borrow there first cd from my library and wa really pleased with what i heard so this one is not a winner in my book .
0	my grandchild are 7 , 5,5 and 3 were not interested in this cd at all . it wa too complicated and with the various voice did not seem to have any repetition . they just were not interested in the arrangement . we went back to disney song for child and they were singing along again . i can not recommend this cd for this age child .
0	if your kid is listening to this drivel ( like mine is ) , then you can rest assured there is worse out there . this is harmless , imitation rebellion of little consequence . if they like it , fine . still , you wonder what a bunch of canadian kid could possibilly have to say about california punk . ( about a much a vanilla ice had to say about rap , i imagine ) . the band need to get their own life , instead of trying to borrow someone el and sell it . there is nothing wrong with asking yourself where did i go wrong ? when you hear it coming from you offspring headphone . but hang in there . in a couple of month , he and every other kid with this one will be tryng to sell it back at the used cd section ( to raise enough dough for the inevitable limp bizkit is greatest hit disc . )
0	absolutely hideous . i use it a a deterrent to bad behavior among student . it can get in your head and drive you nut . please ! not the mmmbop ! that is too cruel ! i use it very sparingly .
0	not good condition
0	got this a a gift . i would say this is slightly more than elevator music . most of the track are sort of watered down version of previous music like shine on you crazy diamond etc . it is not offensive and you could play this a background music at a party but i would never sit down and listen to this just to listen to it .
0	big fan of amel l and i have purchased all of her previous recording . this is my least favorite of all . the lyric , arrangement are mediocre at best . even the sound quality is lacking . very disappointed .
0	i do not have a problem with mott the hoople nor the song not their performance but the audio quality is atrocious a the volume is too low and the sound is too thin . it like going out with a ravishing beauty and finding out she is the worst lover ever . on a good sound system the audio on this 2 cd set is abysmal . really nothing left to add .
0	terrible disc ! her voice is like nail down a chalk board . i wa 100 % disappointed .
0	guess i learned my lesson on buying cd from now on . do not buy this product if you plan on installing it to your itunes library and then installing it via your ipod ....... will not let you ! oh but itunes sure doe direct you to the itunes digital version of course ! complete waste of money .
0	it wasnt really what i thought .
0	when it ha came down to beyonce knowles , and today diva , she ha became the most overexposed product in music today . sadly , the quality of her voice ha died and so ha she in song . but nevertheless , when she wa a part of destiny child , she made the decision to make a solo effort and try and prove she is more in voice and heart . her solo debut song crazy in love is the very least her benchmark into her solo work , and the beginning of her relationship with her husband jay-z . they have had other collaboration for her career like the wasted deja vu , and the recent drunk in love which sounded more like a waste of time in voice and heart , and bonnie & clyde 03. it is not a good song , because it ha been overplayed but the very least it is her best work with her husband . still , there need to be better in voice and being crazy in love . song : d+
0	i thought these would be le choral and symphonic and more popular . if you like these dirge then this is for you .
0	nicole atkins 2014 release pale beside earlier album like neptune city and mondo amore . my wife comment wa bubblegum , which you certainly could not say about earlier effort . there wa a sameness about the song a well . this one go on the block and i will look forward to atkins next effort .
0	so overrated , kinison did this and better with wittiness . black doe nothing accept say normal sentence ( it is so cold in mn , no one should live here . ) in an enraged voice , a if he is the only person who ever made a joke about it being cold . this is comedy ? there are no bit , punchlines , there is nothing . take away the fake angriness , and there is even le . i want my money back .
0	i , too , wa disappointed in this version of the song . i liked the original version where it wa just iz with his beautiful voice and his ukelele . if amazon could get this original version of this song , i would definitely purchase that one . this is my first mp3 purchase with amazon and i purchased it with a promotional credit i received from them . they were extremely helpful with the process of helping me find and download the song from them to my computer . thanks , amazon .
0	bought this a a gift , and in my personal opinion , this wasnt a good album . the person i bought this for loved it though , so the purchase wasnt a total waste
0	not playing the quality is not what i expected only 5 second of playtime for a 3 minute song . money back pls
0	i do not need it .
0	i do not own and did not purchase this product .
0	got a a gift bad rating is to stop recommendation
0	i accidentally bought it . i hate it . i think you have to have a military background to enjoy it . it is certainly not a dance you should do if you want to look cute on the dance floor .
0	i thought the artist who slowed down the tempo were dragging out the song a if to say , look at me , i am doing a smith song . showboating .
0	this song is so annoying . at first i liked it but it wa so over-played and just ha become annoying and over-rated , just like the artist who sings it .
0	just recd my copy from amazon -- and so disappointed . just expected it to be like my other andrew bird cd . wish i could trade it . am sure others may like . after all , we are all different .
0	another piece of hyped , commercialized trash . absolutley sickening piece of garbage , anyone that bought this album ha a mental problem .
0	bad idea to give this album the title of junk . that is pretty much what it is .
0	boring . uninspiring . cheap . a huge let down .
0	this is the worst piece of vinyl i have ever purchased , making it really hard to know how to rate this since i love the album . i ended on a 1-star so hopefully anyone reading this will stick to digital/cd . vinyl is extremely thin , and so light i have to use a weight to keep it from slipping on a felt mat . the vinyl wa slightly warped , and the hole for the spindle on both record had so much flashing that i had to use a knife to cut out the excess vinyl just so it could fit on the spindle . this is literally the worst quality record i own , and that is including old garage sale vinyl that wa siting in the sun priced at 5 buck for a crate .
0	the first song on the album sleeping ute is a monster , but every song thereafter is questionable . i expected more from this album .
0	i love local native , however , the recording quality of this album is terrible .
0	who am i to judge .... listened to it but it just wasnt my type of music .... maybe someone else would like this type of music
0	no lyric , just music . wa dissappointed .
0	i can not rate the cd a it will not play . i ordered two cd . one of johnny mathis play well but the susan boyle just make my cd player stop . i tried it in each of 5 slot . i am 66 and the only person in my home and therefore , i know that it ha been handled with care . i did not return it sooner a i have had other thing to do - job searching , filling out form regarding bp oil spill , tax on my dad estate , etc . i would like to exchange the cd for another of the same - if that is possible . thank you , rochelle
0	sound like a dying cat . i would not . waste 10 cent let alone a dollar . another no talent using auto tune .
0	i use a lot of soundtrack but this one is very poor quality and i do not recommend , it is terrible , not clear and i do not recommend . waste of money .
0	the sample of the song sounded beautiful . the middle of this song change style and in my opinion is awful .
0	total garbage . i have never heard such trash .
0	this recording volume is too low .
0	really good
0	wow . i knew without roger water it might not be a good , but come on . if i had wanted a lame , new age , relaxation tape from the 90 i would have looked beneath my grateful dead bootleg collection . i am actually angry . i want to unfriend the guy who recommended this piece to me . i have to go listen to pro and con of hitchhiking and amused to death just to wash the suck out of my soul .
0	just listened to it , that wa depressing . deleted
0	all the hype about this album from jim saying this is going to be a straight up classic metal album is right , however it is not what i wa hoping for . one thing breuer said wa something along the line of he wanted it to feel like a real rock cd , not just a novelty , but after listening a couple of time , i can not help but think it is all it really turned out to be . it is a mixture of hard rock sound , mostly 80 , where thing either sound like metallica or another 80 band influenced , a well a a little bit of ac/dc . sure when i heard brian johnson wa going to guest vocal on a track , i wa stoked and could not wait to hear it , after all we should all be familiar by now with hokey pokey by now , and maybe even when jim and brian preformed it together one night . i wa almost devastated a i heard acoustic guitar and what seemed like a ballad about to start up with brian johnson talking over it , and then the track ended . i almost cried thinking do not tell me thats it ? but luckily the next track mr rock n roll kicked in and brian doe great singing it with j.b. however , even tho i can say it is the strongest track on this entire album ... in fact , it is the only memorable one if you ask me , i have already made my own edited down version that cut out a weak bridge that i thought slowed down the song , and would work well had it been a late 80 alice cooper track , but on here with brian , it seemed enough out of place that i edited it right out of the song , so i can not give it the perfect score . a for the rest of the album ... i suppose if you can not get enough of that 80 metal sound , then you may love this ... but i wa not hearing great riff , and it wa clouded in a theme that this wa being sung by a guy who escape his family life and record his music in a garage ... which is what this album wa going for , but in the end , it felt like a common theme where each song wa my family stress me out and i escape to the garage to rock out which is ok , but it is not the greatest theme an album could go for , and i found myself rolling my eye at some song . overall , i am sorry to say , it doe come off sounding like a novelty album . i would compare it to john valbys cd valby rock where it filled with a bunch of generic sounding rock song that do not bore you , but do not grab you either . apart from mr rock n roll , i doubht i would wan na hear anything off this album anytime soon , or care to see jb preform anything else from this album live . it really did come off a a novelty nostalgia album to 80 metal music . which is not something i am against , do not get me wrong ... but it could have been much much better . perhaps if jim asked more of his rock star friend to help out with guest vocal , it might have made a bigger impact than what it ended up being .
0	suck not the radio version
0	that is all .
0	i graduated h in 1978 , the year the debut album wa released . rock wa floundering at the time , great artist like sabbath and priest were not getting much air play , disco sure wa . all of the sudden , vh hit the scene and revives rock . i mean wow , they took the world by storm . to be honest , i wa never much of a vanhagar fan , no disrespect to sammy . i loved him with montrose and wa a fan of some of his solo stuff . now , onto this train wreck . all due respect to dlr , if you have to talk most of the lyric , maybe it is time to hang up the vocal cord . the band sound pretty right on but when dave open his mouth , oy vey ! maybe they should go journey and find a guy with daves chop who can sing . i think i will go spin diver down now ...
0	i do not like this near a well a sinatra duet and duet ii . it probably represents it time period pretty well , but the style of frank and his music back then wa not nearly a good , in my opinion , a the latter day frank sinatra and those orchestration .
0	i have been a maroon 5 fan since the beginning of their career and always look forward to what they will do next until now ! ! what happened to maroon 5 ? make sure to listen to the cd before purchasing , i wish i had . there are a few great song on here , but for the most part there are song i will not listen to again .
0	vulgar
0	nice song but the live version it doe not sound so good
0	i love this song . i risked downloading it because the sample sounded just fine , but yeah , it is really , really distorted . i have great speaker , i do not think they are the cause .
0	can not determine if music downloaded , can not find where it downloaded or to what file .... will not download from amazon music again , due to the complexity of the whole issue
0	save your money , this is weak , slow and plodding . sound like they are on some kind of barbiturate .
0	lyric , music and vocal are jv at best . better to go with something like kip moore or eric church or tim mcgraw
0	the beach boy track here are one that the group recorded before they signed with capitol record in 1962. none of them were hit ; in fact , half of them were not originally released at all . the one that were released are surfin , luau , barbie , and what is a young girl made of . the former two track were released a the group first single ; the latter two were released under the name of kenny and the cadet . surfin wa included on the group first album , but wa sped up for some reason . the group later re-recorded surfin safari and surfer girl , and those remake were the version that were hit for the group . most of the jan & dean track are not the hit recording ; they are re-recordings that were made in the late 70 without jan. they can not compare to the hit version . in fact , although j & d had recorded little deuce coupe in the 60 , it wasnt a hit even then . heart and soul is the only hit j & d recording here -- - not only that , but it is also the only hit recording on this whole cd . not really a terrible cd , i guess , but do not get it looking to find the hit .
0	i never ordered this an it on my itunes . it suck ..
0	not the original recording . ripoff
0	i pretty much think it is garbage and not country at all .
0	i really liked song through the glass from the radio , however after listening to the whole album , the rest of the song to me were mediocre to bad . i would suggest just getting the single and saving some buck . at least find someone who already ha it and give it a listen first , this is just my opinion of the album .
0	weak cadance , low volume , check out the usmc you will be much happier you did
0	i gave this 2 star not based on the music , but that if my 12 year old get into trouble his new punishment will be having to listen to this over and over again until he begs for mercy .
0	the download i got after paying is a corrupt file . my mp3 player give an error message half way in playing . i sent email to amazon customer service . they replied that they allow download only once . so they can not help me ! if you decide to buy , you better pray that nothing bad happens during the download , because you got only one chance . i do not remember exactly how big the file is . must be more than 100mb . here amazon reply in all it official glory : i am sorry to hear that you encountered a problem with relaxing seaside ( nature sound only version ) by nature sound series . amazon mp3 file are only available for download at the time of purchase . we display information about the item you have purchased from the amazon mp3 music downloads store in your medium library so you can keep track of what you have bought and discover similar item that may be available . however , the file are not stored there and can not be downloaded again after purchase .
0	i did not appreciate the blatant racism through out the album .
0	i did not order this either
0	i love this song , but it doe not play on my phone . horrible service !
0	this is a cd-r sound quality is very poor and the brochure of four page ha two blank page and no info about the opera or singer . only list the track number and a track title .
0	my biggest complaint is that there are non-christmas track on this cd . a christmas cd should be christmas related song . over half of the song here are just regular reggae track . more important is this is a duplicate listing . the cover of this cd is a curly haired blonde girl holding her hand out with irie christmas across the top . there is another listing of this cd with a photo of this cover for a whole lot le money . i would not buy that one either .
0	the music and the voice bring back memory -- -of how good he used to be . he ha lost that edge that made him so extraordinary and popular . but we all get old , ala , and it is time for him to retire .
0	i had pre-ordered this cd because i had the item on vinyl and it is really good . however , when i found out that hallmark label did the reissue , i cancelled the order . hallmark label is a cheap foreign company operating out of london . i bought a mary well and a marvelettes cd by this outfit last year , and wa really disappointed in the sound quality . it is worse than if i had made a copy directly from my lp . there is a lot of excessive noise and volume fluctuation . some reputable company should re-issue this itemm , but i am staying away from any hallmark label product in the future .
0	great lyric , but the music pacing on this album version is too manic for a bittersweet/retrospective song of lost love . i have heard two live version and the pace wa slowed significantly making a much better song .
0	warning ! this is not the original recording and nowhere is that simple fact mentioned . it make me want to request my money back .
0	well .. where to start .. after getting the originall and the city of prauge version this wa a total let down .. i mean the originall score drink up me hearties wa very good but city of prauge took it to another level then i heard this version and i wa like completely let down .. it ha a few ups and down the instrument used were terrible .. there really nothing i enjoy about it at all .. i give it 1 extra star for the effort but if ur gon na re-do score please do it right ! if ur looking for a real orchestra re-mix of the pirate trilogy check out city of prauge ..
0	i thought derosa would stop with the whining about topic he know nothing about , much le should reference in his so-called comedy . he is been on some forgettable internet video a well a some bland radio appearance , but i still thought he deserved a second chance . what a mistake . it is like he wa given the choice between being funny and needlessly worrying about the possible thought of his racially diverse group of friend and he chose the latter . i could only describe this abomination of a cd a grotty .
0	the song wa good but his age took it is toll on the quality of the original . his original had that full range and power of his youthful voice ..
0	i bought this song for the nostalgia and to give the kid a peek into the song of the 70 . but seriously , i feel like i wa taken by paying 99 cent for this song . it wasnt a funny a i remember it .
0	i did not order this ! my 3 yr old did ! no way to cancel an accidental digital order . ugh ! $ 12 wasted ! i tried to listen to it , but it is not my cup of tea at all . very screetchy . if you are a newer bjork fan , you will probably like it , but i am not a fan . update : i tried listening to this album again ... it still suck . it is now officially my digital beer coaster .
0	there are sometimes song that are worth being remixed and sampled that they are better later on . but in the case with covering a song today , it can be a bigger or smaller than when the song had originally came out . fall out boy ha had a nice return to the industry a few year ago with century and uma thurman . but when i had heard that they were going to do a remake of a classic movie song , i wa honestly not impressed with what i had heard . in fact , it sounded much cheaper than when ray parker jr. wa accused of stealing from huey lewis & the news hit i want a new drug back in the 80 . fall out boy version of the ghostbusters ( i am not afraid ) is honestly one of the cheapest remake that sound much worse than what i had first heard year ago . it is not only a poor remake , but definitely is one of those song that you can easily say , boy , did i waste my time on this song ! the guy from fall out boy did better cover before , like their rendition of michael jackson beat it several year ago . you are better off downloading the original , or the original sample from 1984. this version is definitely not worth the money ! ! song : f
0	short
0	these are not the original song that we all know and love . well , they are , but they are re-recorded with very poor music and sound like you opened up a large barrel and put a band down in there to play . this should have never got released .
0	this naive pig ha hired lilo brancato to perform in her music video . he wa responsible for the death on nypd officer daniel enchautegui . [ ... ]
0	i dearly love lisa loeb music , & i would love to buy these exclusive track ( & her other amazon exclusive ) . i own almost all of lisa loeb cd including import , single & several compilation she appears on . however , i refuse to pay for the awful , lossy mp3 format . lisa , i would love to purchase this & your other amazon exclusive , but only if they are either lossless downloads ( flac , ape or shn ) or on a physical cd . the mp3 format is the 2000s equivalent of an 8 track tape , & i refuse to pay for low quality . 10/16/09 edit : for other lisa fan who prefer lossless , i have discovered that at least 4 of these 6 track are available on cd : look me in the eye - japan cake & pie cd sandlewood - japan tail cd and usa taffy cd single bird - do you sleep uk cd single eno ambient # 5 - firecracker japan cd ( which also ha a 2nd rare track , guessing game ) if anyone know of a true cd source for life is just a bowl of cherry or the version of dance with the angel on this , please post in comment !
0	got for a friend to hear kid sound creepy
0	by the cover and title , name of song , i think she is regretting her past . by the terrible over-auto-tuning and lsd-induced beat , i am thinking she also plan on regretting her future . this is such a waste . what wa she thinking ? ?
0	i do not want to sound like sour apple but i will be honest . i received this cd yesterday and listened to it before bedtime . i have 3 audiocassette of metamusic - modem , outreach ( both from 1985 ) & sleeping through the rain ( 1990 ) - so i am not new to the neighborhood . i enjoy them because i like synth music and the hemi-sync binaural beat are not a factor since i have never experienced anything out of the ordinary . the monroe institue explains the benefit of hemi-sync but a author ronald russell say in his book the journey of robert monroe , on page 359 : passively listening to hemi-sync binaural beat may not automatically engender a focused state of consciousness . so there you have it . to me , this cd is a poor product musically speaking and is not a enjoyable a the 3 title mentioned above . in other word , this type of music with the hemi-sync tone embedded may be useful if you have a purpose for using them . the worst part about this cd is that it start with a thunderclap that make you jump out of your underweat ! it is not even a good , enjoyable thunderclap . then the rain follows overloud with more so-so thunderclap and loud cricket and , eventually , the music start softly and the rain is replaced . it is nice synth music but not too long after it drift off and is replaced by what sound like a nylon string guitar . not bad but it is out of place and unnecessary . it drift off and the synth return with more nature sound . it all end a lousy 28 minute later ! on a cd that can offer 80 minute ! the monroe institute offer a ton of similar cd . i may not buy any of them . i will not get into robert monroe , his oobes , his institute , i will save it for other review .
0	it is like going to a pizza place you really like - maybe not your favorite , but you are always willing to go there and from time to time you definitely get a craving - and discovering when you walk in that they are now plumber . they might be perfectly fine plumber , but that is not why you showed up . i kept thinking about brandi carliles song mainstream kid while listening to this album . they are not sell-outs because they had a solid fanbase . they just decided to give up the sound that made them famous in exchange for something so bland and generic you would have to be really listening to tell it apart from coldplay or any number of soundalikes out there . the band ha sacrificed the thing that made them unique to fit in with everything else on the radio . i would have bought this album on release date just because there wa no one else out there making the kind of music i wanted to hear . if i wanted a mumford & son sound , i had to buy a mumford & son album . a it is , i probably have ten album on my playlist already that have the exact same sound and similar lyric . it is not even really worth downloading free on prime . i read an interview where the band said they hated the way they looked and sounded on the first two album , and they even hated the name mumford & son . having listened to the album and given it a solid chance , i really wish they had just changed their name for this release . i do not know what band should have released this album , but it definitely wa not mumford & son . i went back and forth about whether this wa one-star or two . i finally decided on two because i did not hate the album , but i definitely do not like it .
0	once upon a time , there wa a man who lived in the faraway land of hawthorne , california . this man possessed the gift of music , and anything he heard , he could absorb with his powerful ear and become inspired to create grand movement of melody , harmony , and rhythm . the man name ... is brian wilson . this is his talentless leech of a cousin . despite the fact that mike love could not play any instrument or even develop his voice beyond a nasal sneer , brian wa loyal to his cousin , and invited him to record a a band , the beach boy . they went on to write many hit song about surfing and car , often with mr. love lyric sounding like your average laundry list . this wa a very successful formula , and mike would often remind brian not to , a he put it , f * * * with the formula . nevertheless , brian started to collaborate with several different lyricist , culminating in artistic success and more accusation of f * * * ing with the formula that became outright sabotage . the rest is history . you have heard what brian can do without mike , but this is what dr. love did without cousin brian . it is also a steaming pile of donkey crap . i would recommend this to people who believe that the beach boy recording career ended with california girl , people who stick around for a beach boy concert even after they have realized there are no wilson ( because they probably do not know who the wilson are ) , and people who do not know what rockin the man in the boat actually mean , and would like to hear a song about it sung by a guy who donated money to tipper gore pmrc . the rest of you who have half a brain should buy anything by brian and dennis wilson .
0	i do not hate it , i just do not own this , so do not know why i wa asked to review this one !
0	shipping wa fine , but the disc is not very good . very short program on the disc . overall , we were greatly disappointed in this cd
0	i do not have many two star album in my collection . tourist by st. germain go down in history , to me , a one of the single greatest album of all time . it border on a masterpiece and , for it style and genre , can rarely be paralleled . after all this time , i did not really go into this album with the highest of expectation , but i also did not expect to be completely and utterly disappointed . compared to tourist , this is barely a beginner album . compared to boulevard this is a lame attempt . the guy basically should have just quit while he is ahead . that is not to say i would not like a quality follow up to tourist , but if this is what he is doing now i think he should either stop all together , or at least use a different moniker so that he can set a different standard for a le involved sound . if you are a st. germain fan , do not buy this album . it is a waste of your time and , what is worse , it wa a waste of his time to produce . viva la tourist !
0	a you can see i have purchased these twice ... is this necessary when i have not been able to enjoy these song ..... i tried to download .... they went somewhere but not on my ipod .
0	this is about the farthest thing from country music i can think of . whoa smack !
0	if you are forgoing the vinyl for mp3s , at least buy this one at itunes . this is a general rule when purchasing any mp3 from amazon . although amazon state that song are encoded at 256 kbps [ http : //www.amazon.com/gp/dmusic/help/faq.html/ref=sv_dmusic_0 ] they actually use a variable bit rate which mean sometimes it is 256 kbps , sometimes it can be , say , 195 kbps . if you care at all about audio quality , and prefer mp3s , at least purchase this from itunes where the song are all at a constant rate of 256 kbps . i wa initially attracted to amazon over itunes because of the lower pricing , but it appears it come at a compromise of quality . in the case of this recording , breeder fate to fatal , all 4 song are under 256 kbps and a low a 195 kbps .
0	can not determine if music downloaded , can not find where it downloaded or to what file .... will not download from amazon music again , due to the complexity of the whole issue
0	while beyonce ha had a lot of hit , there are a lot of song that she ha had on her own , and with destiny child that have been le than a entity for your music collection . diva is definitely one of those lackluster song . the third single from her 3rd album i am sasha fierce , really fails to ignite a heart and soul appeal to her singnature style . the song is trying to show that she can rap and be the best of both world , like mary j. blige or lil kim . while it feel she is trying to bring that side out which she borrowed from her husband , jay-z , she miss the beat by a longshot . this song is even lower than single lady ( put a ring on it ) , and much worse than if i were a boy . i hope that the next single from i am sasha fierce feel more like a tiger , than feel timid like a sad pussycat . song : d-
0	this music is just absolutely terrible . and by buying and it you are supporting an as . i have nothing else to say .
0	i am extremely dissatisfied with this purchase , it doe not play for some reason .
0	jonah hex is bad . really bad . please turn around now and pick up another movie . do not trust the low amazon rating ? read on . i have an almost masochistic fascination with really bad film so i watched this knowing it got terrible review from movie-goers and reviewer alike . sometimes a movie is so bad , you just have to watch it to experience the utter ridiculosity of the filmmaker and new-found height of cinematic stupidity , like uwe boll seminal crapfest & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/house-of-the-dead/dp/b00466fmdo/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > house of the dead < /a > , ranked consistently in imdbs 100 worst film of all time . even in it awfulness , there is a sort of & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/mystery-science-theater-3000/dp/b00006rjcl/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > mystery science theater 3000 < /a > -like entertainment value a an example of wtf filmmaking to poke fun at . it is so bad , it make you laugh . jonah hex is so bad it make you want to punch all those involved in bringing this atrocity to the screen . aside from the sight of the lovely megan fox in a bodice , there is really no reason to watch this complete mess of a film . if you enjoyed last summer bomb & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/g-i-joe-the-rise-of-cobra/dp/b002nxsrx4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > g.i . joe : the rise of cobra < /a > , however , you might like jonah hex . previous reviewer hit it right on the head when they likened jh to wild wild west and van helsing for it mix of western , sci-fi and steampunk . all 3 film had big , likable star , were ridiculously campy and failed miserably at the box office . i will add in another : & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/the-league-of-extraordinary-gentlemen/dp/b000iclrhu/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > the league of extraordinary gentleman < /a > & nbsp ; for jhs similarity in plot of bad guy building a terrifying ship-based superweapon that can level city and supernatural/occult overtone . i like hero/anti-hero action , westerns/period film and historical fiction , with an occasional bit of camp , but with a muddled script , a snooze-inducing villain , and a really crappy hero , jonah hex manages to get everything wrong in it brief 72 minute . on top of that , the decision to mix heavy metal into the film wa just dumb . the consistently excellent marco beltrami provides part of the score and progressive metal band mastadon provides the rest . western and heavy metal do not mix , especially during shootout , adding a decided factor of cheese to the whole thing . i like western , i like action . i like metal . i do not like them all at once . never mind some of the severe gap in storytelling logic : eli whitney , inventor of the cotton gin , went on to design a secret super-weapon for the u government that it never built , but it had all the part and plan just lying around ? never mind that a band of ex-confederate rebel with no scientific or engineering background can build the thing in a few week or the unexplained source of the glowing orb that provide the explosive power . never mind because this movie is already so bad that logic gap can not make it worse . josh brolin , who i loved in & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/no-country-for-old-men/dp/b0011be3k0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > no country for old men < /a > , is totally uninteresting in his portrayal of the title character . maybe there wasnt much he couldve done with the script . he is devoid of personality and so is his arch enemy , john malkovich , who look more like bum than villain and maybe even more boring than he wa in & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/eragon/dp/b000na28i4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > eragon < /a > . the last time i saw this much wood wa at a gay pride parade . michael fassbender doe give the film a much-needed splash of personality a the vicious and combat-adept irish psychopath burke , a doe aiden quinn a president grant , and the smith who make jonah gear . in his brief 2 or 3 minute onscreen , smith manages to convey more warmth and personality than brolin doe in the entire film . what killed this movie , aside from the lack of character development and plot that is a chopped up a hex face , wa just how lame hex wa a a hero . i am not familiar with the comic , but if hex is supposed to be the strong , silent type , you will not see it here . brolins hex can hardly fight and get shot really easily . he is pretty much a wimp and a bungler . i did not expect to see the archetypal man with no name that clint eastwood made famous ( though there is a scene ripped off from fistful of dollar ) , but i did expect a solid measure of bad-assedness , self-reliance , and the ability to avoid getting shot , either by using brain , or quick reflex . he seems to have no knowledge of combat/assault tactic and wouldve died if not for the unexplained indian medicine men who keep reviving his sorry carcass . he depends on fancy weapon more than wit , quick-thinking , or fighting ability . the gatling gun that feature so prominently on the movie poster , you see only once . for about 20 second . he is so poor at being a hero that he get ambushed trying to do an ambush -- he get jumped by burke a he try to sneak up the plank to their boat . at night ... lastly is some questionable cg . the crayola-colored dreamworld/flashback sequence are cheesy and poorly done a are some really fake looking explosion . even the superweapon is lame . it shoot out cannonball , and then a glowing dragon ball to detonate them . ugh .. watch this only if you feel life is too long . i am hoping there is a director cut somewhere that can redeem this movie somewhat . a it stand , 1.5 star at most .
0	well i am glad it wa free .. do not waste your money on this one unless you really love the guy .. i just did not like it .
0	the answer , in short , is a resounding no ! i have enjoyed the floyd since their early year . some album were good , others a bit dark . this offering of crud from this geriatric is proof that all the year of drug-taking and hedonistic self-righteous preaching have taken a toll . it appears that water is going through a mid-life crisis ( male menopause ) . when some men go through it , they buy a sport car or dress and behave like teen . mr water try to remain relevant by being foul-mouthed and by jumping on the trump-bashing bandwagon ( a sure popularity win , but by no mean bold , nor courageous ) . it should have been titled is this the drivel we really want to listen to ? . what a waste of good music - the instrumentals are really good , but roger ha defecated all over it with his preachy politics and stuttering tourettes-inspired tirade . david gilmour ha aged well whereas roger water is just an embarrassment and in need of frail care .
0	another balcony sacrifice . they should be ashamed of themselves
0	no way to tell from the blurb whether this consisted of original recording ; it did not . the seller graciously refunded my money .
0	__misidentified__ by someone ( not by chandos record , whose website ha it right ) . this is _not_ his te deum in b-flat , op . 66 ( which last an hour , not 6 minute , and which , i think , is a yet commercially unrecorded , though there is a bbc broadcast . ) it is the te deum laudamus section of his op . 10 service . see page 6 of the link http : //chandos.net/pdf/chan % 209548.pdf -- the note to this recording ( by lewis foreman , 1997 ) . rating just- to rate and submit , but i would like more care . score of these work are available at imslp and information is available elsewhere . this wasnt hard for me to find out .
0	i could not get it to go on my ipod .
0	i also downloaded this and it is just blank - low buzzing noise . what a scam and rip-off . do not do what i did and waste a dollar ( can not imagine how many people they have ripped off ) ! ! !
0	i did not like this song , even though i usually like ballad
0	they need to remove bob marley name from this cd . not the original version .
0	i have been a fan of natalie and the 10,000 maniac since the 90 . difficult to swallow these deconstructed , depressing version of song that she did earlier . they were uplifting , melodic , and magical in their original state , but here , they seem lifeless and devoid of any inspiration .
0	this album suck . way to butcher hunger strike . and a skid row cover ? hook this band up like the human centipad . rubbish .
0	the song title reveal a cry for help - are you alright ? , unsuffer me , everything ha changed , rescue , etc . i began listening to lucinda when i first moved to austin , tx ( mid 80 ) with happy woman blue & ramblin . she ha really fallen into a glorification of her pain .
0	the owner posing this record a a long playing single to sell it , tell them it is a 45 single instead of 12maxi single ... i bought one !
0	well , having discovered jane monheit with her wild recording of send in the clown and heard several other great song by her since , i am glad tor read that i am not the only one disappointed by this album . truthfully , i kind of enjoy the trumpeter , but jane babble along a if she ha had a few too many to drink . sure , jazz can be slinky and sultry , but i can hardly understand a word this lady sings here . the whole album seems to be a forced , smoky backroom performance that is better left to lesser singer . she is a great singer , but not this time .
0	when it ha came down to katy perry , she ha not really hit the nail on the head with her music a much a the fan wanted . that lackluster appeal is written all in her album prism . her song roar from that album is absolutely a cheater in song a well , which sound too close in ear to what sara bareilles did with brave earlier this year , which honestly wa a much dearer song in voice and sonnet . i really did not find the song to be a s empowering a wa the case with her influence queen . i really found the song to not only not deliver , but i found it to be another boring pop song that had lackluster drive in the word of a diva . if you are a hard core katy perry fan , you will want this song , but it is not really worth the money and the roar . song : d+
0	this is a boring presentation . there are much better resource for the study of blue banjo . this album really is not much for simple enjoyment , once one ha abandoned any thought of studying it . the singing and the picking is simply not attractive . i am sorry i bought this . if you do not believe me , compare this to the lesson and opportunity in fred sokolows blue banjo , lesson , riff , song and more . some track , such a kassie jones , show that this player ha more to offer than he give u in most of the track on this album . gratefully , when he doe not sing , the very repetitive picking could be worth imitating , just to stretch one hand . this definitely is not what i hoped to hear .
0	janeen brady music is fantastic , i grew up singing and dancing to her music in my mom preschool . i am buying it for my own preschool now . i would recommend buying directly through britekids.com . they offer the entire library for a much le price and take monthly payment too !
0	i did notice the audible problem with this 5.1 master and i have come to the conclusion , that after they remaster something they just do not listen to it . i own more than 200 disc of surround material and all of the bad one have been released within the last 5 year . it is not the format thats bad it is just the record label wrecking it .
0	clicked the wrong key hated the music garbage realy not worth listening too ok you want more word , s i realy wish the heck amazon would make thing , s easer for u guy , s who are tec chalanged to order music
0	the music suck only got it because it wa free
0	the up soundtrack won an oscar and two grammies but disney only released it in lossy format such a mp3 or the aac file availalable from itunes . this dismal disney marketing strategy ignored customer who enjoy listening to music with the best available sound quality . recently , intrada ha released a cd of the up soundtrack . this is a limited edition of 10,000 copy . thank you intrada .
0	i did not know that this wa a telenovela thing and wa completely disappointed . i wanted to get a traditional mariachi music dvd with a female singer for my daughter and searched in amazon and found this dvd before anybody had written a review on it . within few minute of dvd , male and female singer started taking off clothes and lying in bed while singing so had to turn it off right away ! to make it worse , the singing and acting were just so cheezy and unbearable . i have not even touched this dvd ever since then . instead , i found a dvd of linda ronstads canciones de mi padre which turned out to be just what i wa looking for ! so the lesson is , research and know what you are getting !
0	i am really disappointed by flyleaf new album . i am a huge fan of their debut and their live show , and i have realized that they are diehard christian longtime ago , but i did not expect this . memento mori seems to be a desperate attempt to turn flyleaf fan into religious fanatic . so unfortunately it is definitely not suitable for non-religious people a opposed to their first album . the vocal are a beautiful a always , the music kind of simple , not very interesting . memento mori seems to be all about the message of the song . beautiful lyric made room for simple phrase in order to help everyone understand what this is really about : god , jesus , martyr . pathetic .
0	warning -- the two song listed a little steve were written by him but are not the original nor performed by him !
0	did not notice it wa only one saw cd
0	i personlly think this song suck not really country either
0	there is no question that the cast of glee ha shown to do more in the way of cover song , than opting to really have original material all their own . it truthfully ha had it share of high and low because of this method . but , now they have chosen to take in a piece of the pie that susan boyle had shown with glee rendition of i dreamed a dream from the music of glee : volume 3. glee version just doe not feel like the way it wa when susan took to the stage for the first time on britain got talent , and just drove the shock around the world home . it feel like it ha a lack of strong chemistry in the interface of the song . glee dreamed their dream , but it doe not feel like it is serenity . song : d
0	i saw bruno mar on the grammy award and thought he wa great -- real james brown -- great horn section . i ordered his cd and there were no horn . what a disappointment . maybe he will do a live album and include a horn section .
0	i know the song is great but i have not been able to get it to work yet from amazon not too happy
0	too stylized . doe not sound like what irving berlin intended to me . why can not the standard just be sung the way they are written ?
0	i did not know he sang so many of the song that i love . awesome cd ! ! ?
1	let go is a song you will listen to over and over . anointed . it is a reminder to give everything over to god and to stop holding on where god ha said he would come in and carry the burden . my hubby listens to this song three or four time in a row when it come up on his playlist .
1	great cd
1	and why not . bonnie raitts voice is subtle and sexy . the message is profound . the song plea . truly . i listen to it over and over again and do not get tired of it . thank you bonnie !
1	great song to get you moving . i enjoy song that make me want to get up and dance and this song absolutely doe that .
1	although these recording are old and not up to the standard of modern stereo recording , it doe capture the beauty of taubers voice . the selection of track is excellent .
1	what is there not to like about it ?
1	i absolutely love this album . each song is beautifully written .
1	i downloaded this cd about a week ago and after i burned it i have not stopped listening to it .. every song on the whole cd is worth listening to . 50 cent is the man , on back down he go at ja rule the whole song , so buy it download it burn it do whatever just get this cd it worth 10 star
1	great for a free promotional mp3 over an hour , and under a $ 1 . yard work and my normal exercise routine made easier . the mix motivates and set a pace . simple and short transition , but with a casually flowing familiar ibiza sound . 4 star due to it is mainstream feel .
1	i love this song . it make me feel good . i really do not like taylor swift , but i have to admit i love this song .
1	nirvana is an explosion of rock and all the grunge crap u could wish for . for the first time smell like teen sprit came on i have been waiting to get a guitar . all you nirvana hater obviously do not know good music when they hear it . the whole beauty of nirvana is the raw sound . it doesnt matter that it not complicated guitar solo cause thats not wat matter . i wish i would have been old enough to go a concert . once u learn what the lirics r it all come together i feel stupid and contagoes here we r now entertain u perfect . alot of people think that nirvana sux because kurts lyric are about true thing that he experienced . not about other thing . but is not that wat music is about ? expressing your emotion . thats wat kurt doe and it tell a story of his life . or mabye u hate it cause of the perfectness or because of the raw tune that doe not change during the solo witch actully have more than instrument so it not a freakin solo .... some people think kurt wa a bad person because of the drug and suicide . but if u look beyond that u will see that he wa a fun loving guy that loved his life ( until he got on drug ) also he never would have got on the drug seen if someone would have taught him about about the harmful effect of drug . his mental ishues and abusive parent screwed him up . but his music wa good ... n ni nir nirv nirva nirvan nirvana nirvan nirva nirv nir ni n
1	love amazon mp3 buying option , the quality and ease of use wa just like having the cd . downloaded and synesnched with itunes instantly . plus my 6 year old is thrilled to have this song .
1	worked just fine to get her ready for her audition for her school talent show . she is 7 year old .
1	great music
1	fast delivery good cd
1	pretty song
1	i love it but i wa looking for what doe it take , the song from the john cusack movie one crazy summer and unfortunately the track title are off a bit . track 7 is wrongly titled piano solo when it is actually what doe it take . in other word , track 7 and 8 are flipped . if you want honeymoon suite greatest hit , buy track 7 or maybe amazon will fix it so it will be the free prime cut like it wa supposed to be ...
1	it a great song that helped me when i wa in a place where i thought i wa unloved , god never stop .
1	with or without the eagle don henley is great ! this just happens to be my favorite don henley song that ha a very special meaning behind it for me .
1	great
1	jackson 5 always delivers !
1	i purchased their first album and it blew me away . this second album is equally great . definitely would recommend it .
1	love this track . i agree with the first reviewer : it doe not seem to fit in with the other track on the album ... wish there were more with this same raw , bluesy rock flavor .
1	gude toon . welcome addition to my pop tune list . bought thru amazon mp3 . no problem with the download ar playing .
1	every morning , we get the child ready for school , preschool , or playgroup . we can not find a shoe , we can not find a jacket , we need to run back for a bottle . but we never loose vereds cd . we never forget vereds cd . each child ha his or her favorite song , and every child love good morning my love . we have music together , we have disney princess , we even bob the builder mambo # 5 , but only vereds hand in my mouth get them all singing together , waving their hand in their air . and shouting better than spaghetti . the three year old , simply can not start her day until we play good morning my love , she ha taught all of her classmate . and her teacher now have a copy of the cd for their class . the six year old , head into his first grade classroom , swinging to mommy do not leave me . it a cd , that i can attest is fun for everyone , and we really love hearing everyday .
1	ran across this via youtube where it wa combined with scene from the movie to make a great collage . song fun just on it own a well .
1	good song , easy download . might actually purchase the cd based on this song alone . thank you for the easy way to download song .
1	there nothing like a perfect mp3 download and this is certainly it ! thanks and i do look forward for more !
1	i love r. kelly and this song wa back in the day when bumping and grinding wa ok and you did not worry about stalker
1	used it for my daughter wedding . sounded great threw the church speekers
1	i love this piece . i am not a classical fanatic , but i do enjoy various playlist on youtube at night , when studying , and i even play it for my dog while i am out of the house . this is a nice , soothing piece that blend together well .
1	a beautiful song . adele did not disappoint . i liked this song the first time i heard it . wa so glad to find it on amazon and at a good price too .
1	akira senjus work for mobile suit victory gundam is no doubt one of the best and strongest aspect of an otherwise uneven and often abysmal show , similar to how elliot goldenthals score for alien 3 wa easily the best aspect of that particular uneven and almost depressing production . thousand nest is a collection of suite , much like symphonic suite z gundam , which have various piece of music from the show arranged in a manner that creates a flow of mood and an outline of sort for the story . personally , i think that the score for victory gundam is one of the most beautiful score in the entire gundam franchise , similar to how elliot goldenthals score for alien 3 is the most beautiful score in that franchise , but that is a comparison for another time ... or another review or something . having listened to the three individual volume of the score for victory gundam , i can recognize some of the individual track heard in this symphony and how that are arranged . while it doe not contain all of the individual track from the entire score , thousand nest doe contain the most recognizable and prominent track , and they are arranged so that they flow into each other almost flawlessly . suite i contains wood of the fatherland and part of act of war . wood of the fatherland , by the way , is one of my favorite music track in the series score , and i personally find it to be one of the most beautiful track in the entire franchise . suite ii contains shakti and v gundam , both of which can be found on volume one of the score on their own . both track are named after important character from the show . shakti is named after one of the main female protagonist , while v gundam is named after , well , the titular mobile suit itself . shakti is a quiet yet mournful piece , while v gundam is a rousing march . it is my favorite theme for an individual gundam a well , second only to nu gundam from char counterattack . suite iii contains , i believe , awakening soul , either the first half of act of war or a spring feast in summer , and opening the gate , along with a segment of those who failed to become echo . it is a very somber track , evocative of the horror wrought by the zanscare empire . suite iv contains illusion of the forecasting harvest , along with part of trembling life and ordered to advance while wearing a blood-soaked obi . suite v contains a portion of do not sleep ... here come the messenger of dementia , along with silence and fairy existing during the sleep . suite vi contains young boy , the white ghost , and wind blow ... in that order . all three of these track can be found on their own on volume one , but the way they are interwoven here is just beautiful . suite vii contains slipping down sheet , along with wave disrupting the surface . suite viii contains opening the gate , a spring feast in summer , a portion of spirit of earth leaving for space , mixed with a small portion of the last part of do not sleep ... here come the messenger of dementia . suite ix , my favorite , contains pulsation , a portion of trembling life , and an interesting segue into the afternoon after the sleepless night fair , creating one of the most beautiful suite in the entire symphony . all in all , i highly recommend this cd .
1	love this song !
1	steve goodman is an all-american folk legend . this cd is representattive of his brilliant song writing ! ! !
1	great song with a nice crunchy guitar hook . will definitely be checking out more music from this band . by the way , scott weiland say thatll be 5 buck for the use of the bullhorn vocal sound fx ....... still very cool , though .
1	it is about time someone creates something original . i am so sick and tired of hearing the same thing on radio . tripsitter sound is like a trip on nostalgia . they have an original sound while using spice from the beach boy and the beatles but their main ingredient is original song writing . i do not believe there is anything modern out there like it . not only that but the song are actually good . they are well-written and their catchy . they do not rely on the boom-boom of over-produced track like most pop music . california son and the first album take you back to a time when songwriter did thing the classic way , you know when they simply wrote good music .
1	absolutely love this song ! bring me the horizon ha been one of my all-time favorite band for a while , and they just keep getting better and better !
1	never heard a maverick album i did not like . this one is outstanding , too . buy it now !
1	great music
1	love this cd . why do not we see more of this kind of music ? i am a definite country music fan .
1	this cd is awesome ! let the church rise is a passionate song about how we can change the world . you reign is a wonderful praise song and great for meditation a well . you can not go wrong with this cd .
1	had it been released at the time it wa produced , thing would have been different . karen voice . billy joel band . it worked !
1	nice song
1	love it
1	awesome ! !
1	liked this song and singer from the first time i have ever heard her , nice dance music and very nice song
1	love that song ! ! ! ! robert could not have done it better ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1	love this album and this is one of the best song , somehow missed this song in all my downloads but glad to have it now
1	this is perfect rendition . i found this song because it wa written about in a book i wa reading and i wanted it . i had also heard it on the radio and wa looking for the perfect rendition and this is it .
1	a i write this review [ b.m.f.a ] play on ... again . in addition to being one the best of the best song in this album -both lyrically and musically- this potentially controversial tune can lead you to appreciate everything that is great about martha wainwright full-length debut . to begin , it show the impressive dramatic range she can reach wit her voice , managing to be authentically vulnerable , sincerely outraged and hopeful to reach , perhaps , who the song about -which from reading some recent review may be her father loudon , whom she ha dedicated this song to in concert . vocal talent that are also powerfully displayed in many other song , specially in the beautiful pop and wrenching lyric of factory , the longing of far away , and the honesty of tv show . in no way le important to what make this music so moving are , of course the lyric -penned by her except for whither i must wander- which can go from raw confession ( no idea how it feel to be on your own / in your own home / with the f * * * ing phone / and the mother of gloom / in your bedroom / standing over your head / with her hand in your head ) . or her wondering in wild flower that they are like those child / who go off to school and do not come back / and i am like their mother / waiting around about to crack , yet accepting that these wild flower are coming up wild . praise must be given too to the arrangement and production -she co-produced- which are rather fitting for what martha ha to say , knowing when to remain understated or propel her voice further . all in all , this is a marvelous album . the work of a young woman with nothing to apologize for and the strong intention to make war or to make peace with u , depending on what she need to say . caressing or jolting u a it is needed for u to listen closely . much is being said about her predisposition for talent , given her family musical might -whether you think of father loudon , her mother anna mcgarrigle , or her bro rufus . i am convinced that the abundant greatness in her song is hers to claim . she is more her own voice that an extension of their gene . her talent , the pretty and painful side of it , is her gift and , clearly her mission to share .
1	great song for a great movie ! one of the best bond i have ever seen , so nice to have this epic story reborn and with such gusto ! !
1	great cd ! we listen to it often and take it in the car ... the musical arrangement are fantastic .... the video and lighting are also well done
1	the gypsy spirit is a spirit of wanderlust . it is an exotic blaze of color a the skirt of fandango dancer dart by . it is the mystery of a dark evening lit only by a brilliant , luminous moon . but most of all , it is the shimmering sound of the sexy , passionate , gypsy guitar . these sensual musical sound are inspired by the multicultural influence of the nomadic gypsy spirit . a gypsy wandered through europe they gathered bit and piece of musical heritage - especially the ardent flavor of hot-blooded mediterranean country - and made them their own . the cricket sing ; a fire blaze ; romance is in the air . listen a the sultry feel of the gypsy guitar and the enchantment of a late night rendezvous are brought together in candlelight . the rhythmic magnetism of the spanish guitar blend with the rhythmic allure of the transient ocean in home across the sea . you can practically see a spanish galleon sail fluttering in the wind . you can almost feel the bracing delight of the sea air on your skin . in an instant , the thrilling enchantment of life on the ocean is clear a the crystalline sea . the scintillating , lyric lilt of torrid gypsy dance music make gypsy caravan an electrifying , dynamic musical journey . a the caravan roll through , the flavor of the typsy essence permeates the night breeze . the wayfaring gypsy is the quintessence of the free spirit in all of u . free to go anywhere , bound by nothing , gypsy wandered the countryside and borrowed musical flavor from the place they traveled . the chose the most ardent , passionate , sensual sound to creat a brilliant musical hodgepodge . let the music of richard friedman guitar infuse you with the gypsy vitality !
1	i love this song ! nick voice is so hot ! it is always my ringtone around valentine day ! i do wish him and jess were still together but i still love it !
1	love her music very anointed singer .
1	the strange , haunting , and brilliant bubba ho-tep is my favorite in the horror genre . it actually touch several genre and is not that easy to classify , of course , much like the soundtrack to the film by brian tyler who not only composed all the music , but performed all the instrumental and vocal part on the soundtrack a well . i truly feel that the movie is immensely more powerful thanks to this music , a statement that can be made about most film , but in this case especially . the music range from straight rock and roll on one bad ho-tep , to surf music on pbbs , to scary haunting egyptian chanting in track such a elder hole , to fifty slow dance pop on the shady rest . of all the music on the cd , though , the best is the classic theme found in several variation throughout the soundtrack , notably on the king highway , and bubba ho-tep end title theme . when you see this movie be sure to watch the special feature on brian tyler and the making of the soundtrack . this edition is an autographed edition , and cost a bit more and is scarce , but the same musical material is available without the signature at a lower price . i am not generally a fan of soundtrack , but once you see the movie , and hear the music , i think you will understand why i make an exception here . i highly recommend this cd .
1	very good song . i wa not familiar with kongo until the universal orlando resort commercial featuring this song . really love it !
1	phillip is very talented , but a i listened to the cd i could not shake his dave matthew influence and i started to feel like i wa listening to a dmb cover group . i would love to hear phillip really find his own sound .
1	great song ! ! !
1	cant listen to it enough
1	when i find myself unable to sleep for any reason , i have got a solution ... 1 ) a sleep mask ( i get mine from from magellan but you can find similar neoprene ( think scuba suit ) formed mask from other place , including amazon ... see here : http : //www.amazon.com/bedtime-bliss-btb01-contoured-comfortable/dp/b00fjqfjx8/ref=zg_bs_3764231_2 ? _encoding=utf8 & psc=1 & refrid=wsx39xv45z3hw3pxb1h8 ) and ... 2 ) my phone , and a good quality ( and comfortable ) set of earphone , playing this on a continuous loop . i could sleep through a planetary disaster with those two thing , i suspect !
1	the review of the original stage production described the wiz a a wow ! the same can be said of diana ross finally released song from the wiz . her performance are powerful , tender , passionate and artful . miss ross is particularly effective on the show ballad . be a lion and is this what feeling get ? are stunning . the biggest surprise is her rendition of the feeling we once had which is delivered with convincing and moving warmth . she also give spirited version of you can not win and everybody rejoice . diana ross ha the unique ability to sing a song ( regardless of how familiar ) and make it her own . she seems at time and on the appropriate selection to channel nuance of both michael jackson and lena horne . the project concludes with miss ross interpretation of home . it is , a intended , a showstopper . diana ross once again performs with the inspired authority that only a true diva can ! wow !
1	i have heard this song for year and loved it . the video wa fantastic with the guy dressing a a woman and stealing in that convenience store . the song itself is just too fun with it unapologetic view of stealing and the fun that it make it seem . great sound and love the barking dog .
1	cool jam and hot riff take you on a trip through 8 tune that will keep your head bobbing and your finger tapping all day long . their influence are close enough to the surface to let you know where they are coming from , yet the music remains original enough to let you know this is a band like no other . music lover of all genre will enjoy this first cd from the college station , tx quartet . get it now , and you will be able to say , i knew them when ... because this band is definitely going place .
1	pop music is loaded with auto-tune and singer who would not know real singing if it smacked them in the face . in an industry filled with justin biebers and taylor swift , it is such a relief to hear a real artist . emeli sande sings with a real passion on this cd . when my daughter heard her sing , she wa in shock that a singer could sound that good without auto-tune . the sad truth is that up until the 90 , there were many great singer . they did not all look like model , but they had real talent , creativity , and a vision . now , people seem to be satisfied with pretty face and cookie-cutter song . when i heard emeli sing on you tube , i bought her cd immediately . not every song is my taste , but he voice is fantastic . if her music catch on , maybe we will see more real singer and we can finally kick justin and taylor to the curb . p.s . i also like that emeli is classy . she doe not dress like a prostitute . she doe not have to -- her voice doe all of the talking for her .
1	outstanding effort . it is so rare to have world class musician that can play instrument and carry a tune vocally . they are one of the few truly great act to see live so do it while you still can !
1	layla is a great song ... can not go wrong . the sound quality is good too . i would recommend this for sure .
1	top and great !
1	great collection ! another winner for uncle charlie wilson ! ! a must have !
1	cat stevens ( now yusef islam ) is one of the best folk singer/songwriters of his generation . though he now go by yusef islam and frankly look like a member of a terror cell , his music still touch you . teaser and firecat , the album from which peace train , moonshadow and morning ha broken come is still one of the all time greatest .
1	i can not stop listening to it . it is so good .
1	can not stop singing it !
1	i love maroon 5. they never disappoint .
1	it took a couple listens , but this ha become probably my favorite album from daughter , and from 2016 so far !
1	another rock song that is a must in every collection !
1	i just keep thinking about all the money i saved , buying this album . after i enjoy the music . the best deal of the day for me , and it happens too be a friday ..
1	this album completely life up to my high expectation after their long hiatus ! if anything i am just disappointed it is not longer . the track are diverse and show the musician individual growth , which ha wonderfully made them a stronger trio in spite of the time apart . thank you nickel creek for this album !
1	great cd !
1	nice and very calm song . relaxes my mind when i listen . little expensive but worth having in my music collection
1	this long yoga nidra session is very relaxing . robin carnes ha a very soothing voice that guide you smoothly into deep relaxation .
1	the remastered quality of the music is fantastic . paul mccartney sure take care of his fan . he is a living legend .
1	put it on my kindlefire so i can have it at my fingertip where ever i am . wonderful song and piano playing
1	this song make me cry every time , i love it .
1	great album . this is one of a classical favorite .
1	excellantlly produced . take me to the cross and the great sacrifice jesus made just for me , and his continual grace that ha endured throughout my lifetime .
1	i always loved the bad boy ! ! !
1	the album a a whole continues to grow on me
1	i am a 3pointer but the flow and teaching are good . it is a blessing to see god move in and grow christian rap the way he ha . shai stay faithful and keep it coming . thank you for allowing god to use you .
1	love this song
1	first heard this song on an episode of ncis and had to track it down . lovely melody and sound , and beautiful lyric .
1	great buy , would deal with them again !
1	what guitar player did not listen to this and imagine themselves standing in the spotlight , being the envy of everyone watching . you had to be exceptional anyway to work with edgar winter who convinced ronnie to do this tune . it is one of those song that guaranteed you got the girl if you could pull it off live .
1	i fel into the world of big vizion by way of one of my favorite reggae group , jah work . i do not know what it is about big vizion that make me like him so much , but i do . i am not what you consider a hip-hop fan ... i like song here and there , but for the most part , i am a total white boy who is addicted to guitar . that said , i think big bizions knowledge of other genre of music other than hip-hop ( most notably funk and reggae ) make this a classic album for anybody who think their music taste lean towards diversity and genre-blending . if you go in thinking big vizion is going to sound like your typical cookie cutter rapper you will be sorely disappointed . if you like your artist to be diverse and take chance then big vizion is for you , and check him out .
1	do not be so quick to discount this band because they are known for questionable theme , lot of yelling and fuzz on the old guitar . while vocal sometimes betray their possessor , the harmony are flawless and compelling . good chord form a basis for excellent composition . in many of the band i wa in we never had this much sophistocation , they are definitely doing more than the 1,5,4 or a perhaps a 1,6,2,4,5. no regret buying this for my 12 year old .
1	keith harkin is the best ! ! ! ! by himself or with celtic thunder . i love his own music , but when he sings old standard he really make them his own .
1	beautiful music !
1	awesome music !
1	this is a really nice work in combination with nicki minaj . alicia ha an incredible voice and it show ! you have to download it !
1	reminds me of a love song . but one created for me and my first love : jesus .. oh lord how i love being with you : ) !
1	i wanted the edited version of this song , and it wa hard to tell if this one wa when i bought it . in case anyone else is wondering like i wa , it is edited like the one played on the radio .
1	this is the music of my college year in holland , mi . erik is an amazing musician and songwriter a well a a hell of a nice guy . i still love this album , more than 20 year later .
1	oh boy . why this is not available on cd beyond me ! esoteric eccentric pure punk from the 80 . up up baby judy up up !
1	i am not a db fan by any mean , i am more into late country . however this song is better than anything else they have put in the radio . very sincere and heart felt ... lot better than hearing about drinking beer and riding in truck .
1	fun tune from the 80 ... who could forget it in vacation !
1	i love this remake of the jackson 5 hit
1	great cd . great song with meaning . will uplift you ! especially like worn . it say so much about life today , and give encouragement .
1	adele is great , she think out her word and put every one of them into the right way . her song are beautiful . i love her a lot . continued luck to adele .
1	jack white guitar playing is unbelievable ! he always seems to amaze me ! the white stripe were phenomenal . i wish they never broke up . : (
1	get this before dear amy is gone , whether from the business or from the earth . she is a shooting star for sure . whatever ineffable quality all the great had , who died young and left legend , she ha it . oh , doe she have it . what a voice . what a talent . nothing ha impressed me so much in year . what shock most , however , is how a slightly trashy , working-class girl , seemingly drunk and strung out at all time , could pen these tremendous lyric . her inteviews do not suggest at all her level of poeticism and wisdom . in this respect , she reminds one of john lennon or tupac shakur , who could give daft interview , nearly making fool of themselves , and then go home and write lyric of staggering brilliance . i fear that amy may soon join john and pac above , if she keep up her drunken way . a note about the production : nearly all the track on this album were mixed for car stereo and cheap box system , featuring flabby , inflated bass and splashy , ear-piercing treble . i believe the producer were trying to reproduce an early sixty , phil spector sort of sound ( mono , wall of sound ) , but they should have listened harder and on something other than worn-out turntable . this period sound doe not have to be so low-fi and so artificially bass-heavy .
1	classic .
1	my daughter love the show , james and all the song . she wa so happy to get this cd , she sings to it all the time . i know she would recommend this to any big time rush fan .
1	i bought the whole soundtrack but this is absolutely my favorite song on the album . it is also the song that wa featured in the preview for the movie . love .
1	i love it
1	this is a great song . now i have it on my phone . must have for any nd fan . go irish !
1	great song with good message in it
1	my dad had this le mangelepa album on lp when i wa a little kid in the 80 . i remember listening to these song and i can not describe the feeling i get out of hearing this again . just amazing ! thank you amazon for making this available . i never thought i could find and buy this music on amazon by simply clicking .
1	damn good album , buy it now .
1	love the show , love the group , really like the album . a bit too commercial , but it * is * a nick show .
1	not much to say except wayne totally kill it in this song . definitely in his prime in this one and i would highly recommend it .
1	it wa this song that johnny crawford sang on one of the rifleman episode that i realized he had a great voice ! since then , i am trying to keep up with his band on the internet and have downloaded several of his song and i love every one of them .
1	great ep
1	love this 80 classic
1	great album !
1	good movie
1	i have not heard it for year , but it still make the same impression a it did in those day . now i have to figure out how to download the album into my prime music library .
1	great track !
1	awesome song .
1	probably my favorite tenth avenue north cd . they are my favorite christian band so it is hard to choose just one cd ! i have them all . always feel encouraged after listening .
1	based upon a haunting flute , a rhythm guitar , and staccato bass hit from a synth of sort , we have a funky dance tune - and a very haunting song full of lyrical imagery . at the new moon born review , i had made a comparison between jana and sting . jana also ha a very similar lyrical style with tony bank of genesis ( circa 1980s ) . the difference is jana express her feeling through lyrical imagery whereas tony bank expressed i do not know what . for this reason , i also wonder if out the window is an intro to from a tightrope a a form of rock musical imagery ( out the window onto a tightrope ) . if so , i wish there wa a better flow between the song . from a tightrope seems to capture a gloom and doom feeling about the world wherein the tightrope is the straight line you have to walk . but that line is wavering , suspended in mid-air , so you are constantly in danger of falling into that gloom and doom world . that is my interpretation . someone try to do better . never fall at new moon born seems to be the healing antithesis of from a tightrope . the laid back , relaxed reggae rhythm tell me i am right . thanks , jana . you have flooded my mind with your intense lyrical and musical imagery !
1	i wish they did not make u do review on song , everyone is different . and who know who else would like it !
1	love this song
1	i heard this for the first time the day my dad died and it ha always been a comfort for me . love it ! i know when he met jesus he probably felt the way this song expressed .
1	just started listening to these disc . all i can say to those who rated this low , and say his voice is gone , etc . is that you are not hearing what is on these disc . it is not how his voice sound , it is how it make you feel . by all mean , if you do not like what you are hearing , do not listen . but i would say that any stephen still fan who can let this music/voice in , will be rewarded with some of the best music from an old soul you will ever hear . it is simply a good a it get . reminds me of why we have ear in the first place !
1	always loved this song
1	whooooooooo ! ! ! i have been missing out . just stumbled upon this song tonight and can not stop listening to it . you can buy the music video from their website crossmovement.com .
1	great song from a great new artist , can not wait to see her live
1	tom wait , ha to be the slickest , hippest song writer that ha ever walked the earth . between the lyric and the melody he give the downtrodden , the wildly insane and the prostitute their own genre of music . his music is a marvelous , colourful mixture of madness , evil and lunacy . his ballad are haunting and beautiful . my own personal favourite are the morosely haunting diamond & gold and the painful melodey from the song hang down your head ..... he make the downtrodden , the weak and the profoundly unhappy seem beautiful and melodious . he brings a vision to the music and a cerebral voice to the lost ..... i think that he is the most underated musician in america . he is just beautiful.man with a wonderful craft ..... his music is like alexander mcqueens ( 2003 ) shipwreck oyster dress ... torn , tattered , haunting , melodious and surprising lilting and beautiful . i am thankful for both tom wait and the fashion visionary that wa once alexander mcqueen ...
1	great .
1	i would heard the live performance of new shoe and it blew me away . of course , i googled the song and his name and this 19 year old guy from scotland popped up . needle to say my jaw dropped . listening to the live version of new shoe anyone would guess that he is a 60 year old delta blue man . of course i ran out and bought the cd . however , on cd his voice is much smoother but great never the le . there are some great song on this cd . listening to them it really make u remember that he is only 19 a his slow song are so sweet without bitter and his upbeat song are fun . this guy is a true musician .
1	music wa my first love . i tried to learn to play this song from the judy collins songbook when i wanted to drift away from whatever beat everybodys different drum wa supposed to impose an institutional time and space on life a we know it . that make this a great song for me .
1	great download
1	love this cd .
1	i love this cd . ha more music than other cd that feature music from downton abbey . ha soothing music but also ha more upbeat music . i find this music very soothing , esp when i want to go to sleep to music . highly recommend , esp for those that loved watching downton abbey .
1	i am titanium , hence , i love this song .
1	everything bonnie doe is exceptional
1	i use to have the record and during all the move it wa lost . brings back lot of good memory . amazing how many people have never heard of them , but once you hear their music they love it . if you are over 65 you may remember the good time also . highly recommended for u older folk . remember when time were simpler .
1	cool
1	i can not praise david werners self-titled third album enough . his eponymous album from 1979 is nothing short of a power pop masterpiece . power pop to me defines smart , catchy , guitar-driven melody best enjoyed on a summer drive or a day at the beach . when i think of power pop band , cheap trick , big star , the raspberry , early nick lowe , and the knack . david werner , with the three album he released ( whizz kid , imagination quota , and david werner ) fit comfortably alongside them . there is really not a bad song on the album . from start to finish , every song is laced with catchy melody , harmony , and diverse instrumentation . melanie cry is a prime example . one of the few mellow song on the album , starting with a hypnotic bass line , guitar , keyboard , and lush vocal reminiscent of the association and to a lesser degree , the beach boy . the rest of the album is straight ahead rock , reminiscent of graham parker , southside johnny , with little bit of marc bolan and david bowie sprinkled into the mix ( especially on his first two album ) . i do not see a track listing here on amazon , so for the record , here it is : can not imagine ( 3:38 ) what is right ( 3:42 ) what do you need to love ( 4:01 ) melanie cry ( 4:50 ) eye to eye ( 4:52 ) hold on tight ( 4:13 ) every new romance ( 5:35 ) too late to try ( 2:39 ) high class blue ( 4:07 ) she sent me away ( 4:31 ) why this album never made it , i do not know . why it is not available a a legal download in this day and age is a mystery a well . ( i did see that & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/what-s-right/dp/b004tbx0su/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > what is right < /a > & nbsp ; is available a part of a collection . ) i will say , however , this album ha aged better than much of the music that came from the same timeframe , and preferable to what is out on the scene today . it is definately a classic that deserves to see the light of day again a an official release .
1	who doe not love and appreciate santana .
1	great
1	what good taste amazon customer have ! i wa amazed at the number of 5 star review for this record . let me add mine to the list . by far , this wa the finest album of the late-90s . over the month since it release , i have purchased about 2 dozen copy of mezzanine , bestowing this gift of genius on friend and family alike - for any gift-giving occasion i can think of ! rarely doe a cd hold the power to fundamentally alter my mood . and although this record can be dark and contemplative , the mood i usally end up in after listening to mezzanine is a good one . listening to music this daring and innovative can not help but brighten anyones spirit ! the only experience better than listening to mezzanine at home wa having the privelidge of seeing massive attack perform the record live and in person . a must see ... a must buy ... a must have .
1	my wife
1	it ok - decent quality recording of standard classical selection but nothing special . i really have only listened to a few of the piece . a i have gotten old , music no longer excites me the way it used to ..
1	nice beat loop , reminiscent of 80 beat loop .
1	it take me back when i wa a teenager hanging out with my girlfriend , i love the oldie but goody thanks
1	that is what happens everytime i hear this song . anaysha sings with such conviction that the word make me focus and reflect on my life and walk in christ .
1	what is not to like about willie nelson ? each time he release another album , his creativity get better . well worth having .
1	the counting part fit the typical suicide ritual cycle feeling of weekly body count to keep track of how much we were sacrificing for freedom . i wa impressed by parent being called on to be the first one on their block to have their boy come home in a box . if anybody think law apply to everybody , that go double for music like this .
1	it is the act ual so ng fr om the gam e. ma kes an am az ing ring tone .
1	you said it all beautiful thats just what my girl is beautiful , terrific album , whoever doe not know of teena marie just listen to once of her song and you will be addicted to her music . the best . very missed .
1	im pretty sure the best pirate song i ever heard . although based on an alternate realiity , this is probably how the real life of a pirate went
1	i have enjoyed these track over and over . the best thing in life are free , thank you and merry christmas !
1	it a great song to thank the lord ! it is on my ipad most of the time now . i totally love it
1	any queen/freddie mercury fan ( rip freddie ) , can not not have this in their queen collection . it is just un thinkable .. lol ! ! awesome , a usual , song .
1	love vit
1	good jam
1	love the cd altogether , but i needed this one song for my sting collection . chris botti is definitely my favorite jazz musician .
1	this is a beatiful hebrew lullaby sung with a family gifted with the voice to sing . shalom it will bless you greatly , plus the music is nice too .
1	this wa a gift for my wife , and just to see her face light up when she heard it it wa delight enough for me to love it , then i got to hear it and loved it
1	this song is wonderful . it make you feel good when you listen to it . very humbling emotion when you sing along .
1	love this song
1	classic christian song . a must have for the old ccm collector
1	bought this song because it is so true .
1	one of my favorite by j.t . !
1	a++
1	i wa not familiar with who dallyn vail bayles wa and just ran across this recording . i am so glad i did ! what a voice and really give feeling to his song .
1	this is a fun , fast paced song that help me get myself into a good mood whenever i am feeling down .
1	sing alongable .... is that a word ?
1	i had a celtic christmas sampler ( at least that is what i think it wa ) cd a long time ago , and i loved this one song on there . unfortunately , i lost the cd and wa sad every christmas time when i realized that i would never be able to listen to the song ( whose name escaped me at the time ) again . purely by chance , i stumbled onto the song on literally the day before christmas , and i remembered again why i loved this piece so much . it is heart-rendingly gorgeous and truly amazing .
1	i picked up this cd at one of those listening post a few year ago and i have never tired of it . it is awesome and so well done . every track is excellent . it is a beautiful combination of native american music and piano that is captivating and never tiring . i only wish that paul la roche had made other cd . maybe someday . this is a must have .
1	can not stop singing it ...
1	brought back memory of my teen age year .
1	i only downloaded one song from this album . it is a powerful song about prison , a condemned man , the warden and a guitar . what is not to like about that ?
1	the actual core album track are great freddie king . the voice and guitar playing are tremendous . the bonus track on this are variable but the acoustic playing on that is all right made my day . buy this if you could only buy one freddie king album . imho
1	this wa the hottest song in the eighty . i just love it . it wa great then and even greater now in my opinion . i wish that the artist from the seventy , eighty and ninety could make a come back and bring back all the good tune .
1	beautiful song
1	hey , hey , stevie ray ! express yourself ! thats all i need to say about this . what else need to be said ?
1	well all around album !
1	great song
1	i have always enjoyed his music
1	can not beat classic john prine .
1	great song very catchy
1	heard this song on a mix cd and i been loving it every since , m tiara ha a beautiful voice cant wait to hear remix with rude gyrl riri
1	this song is soooo true for me . and what a blessing to listen to . i can not sit still when it is playing .
1	i wa pleasantly surprised by the quality of this cd set . i had purchased the shorter rivendell album some time ago and wa mainly impressed by christopher lee work on a few selection and by a couple of other track which he did not participate . i had been interested in this set for a while before purchasing it , mainly out of concern for how well the quality could be maintained over 4 cd . i should have ordered this sooner a this is a terrific collection of music from beginning to end . while it would be difficult to picture this music a part of a movie , these composition are perfect for the book . the hobbit-centered song are appropriately upbeat and rustic while other piece range from sad to terrifying . there is a sense of unity to the set even though each track can stand on it own . this is highly recommended for tolkien fan , though those familiar with the book are more likely to be deeply interested in a complete rendition of the song which the good professor wrote in this particular tale .
1	love it . can not wait for the whole album to drop !
1	i like this song .
1	very soothing to the soul
1	mark knopflers guitar work lift this great song about a poor band in a little nightclub with the grand-sounding name .
1	pack a polka wallop !
1	there is so much that i do like about sam smith a a singer . he really ha had some excellent song over the past several year , from the definitive stay with me , to not the only one . he really ha been knocking it out of the ballpark in regard to his song and heart . but nevertheless , he ha a whole lot more to continue to delivering in the way he ha had some excellent song . his latest song , like i can , the fourth single from his grammy-winning album in the lonely hour , is a song that work very nicely for him , and delivers very well in the pop style that maybe someone like phil collins had developed over the year of his brilliance with songwriting . it is a good song , while i honestly do wish that the song couldve been a bit longer to match the mood he set within the song . still , it is a great treat for those whom have loved sam song before . i sincerely recommend like i can to download . song : b
1	this song is amazing and very sweet . using it a part of a highschool graduation slideshow . i researched for awhile before deciding !
1	his older music is definitely more countrified , but it is catchy and fun
1	this version of scarlet begonia > fire on the mountain is probably my most favorite version of all of 1990 and , in fact , most of the rest of the 1990s . almost 20 solid minute of what made the grateful dead so incredible to see live . after over 500 gd show and dozen and dozen of version of these two song this version is in my top 10 of all time ( although i wa not actually at this concert . ) unfortunately this entire show wa not quite a good and is notable for the first version of the complete hey jude since 1969 ... it wa also the last because brent really botched up the lyric and a wa his moody habit ... never attempted it again ...
1	this band ha been on my top 20 since i first heard of them many many year ago . i enjoy thier song and musical aptitude .
1	excellent .
1	best song
1	great music .
1	thanks
1	my wife favorite song
1	very good
1	they sing so beautiful , they have the cutest smile and they enjoy singing for everyone . i would buy more . they are just great !
1	awesome cd love pixy !
1	a kid my sister and brother and i laughed so much at this album , now , year later it still made u laugh out loud . this is true comedy .. no f word , no vulgarity .. no need for that if you are talented comedian , and tom and dick smother are talented comedian . and pretty good singers. , too . mason williams wrote a number of the song for them ..
1	we are enjoying the cd ! ! this is more laid back than the first paul baloche christmas album , but very enjoyable . especially , if you are trying to help your worship team think through how to create christmas worship song incorporating your regular worship tune . also , these are not complicated arrangement so they are accesible to most church musician .
1	this is one of the best singer of the 80 and i still think he is a wonderful singer glad he still doe
1	beautiful song ! love it !
1	this song is a must for anyone who grew up in the 80 during the birth of cable and mtv . i want my mtv !
1	this album is filled with so many terrific song .
1	top quality work . some of their best. ! !
1	love this cd
1	i am constantly hearing incredible song from bob dylan i have somehow never heard before . this wa one of them . i wish i knew how one person could write so many good song .
1	i love it !
1	this wa a replacement for a cd that got lent one time too many ! the original wedding album , with the original lineup . classic song , but with 20 year of history behind him a pretty much the sole songwriter , the non-mick thomas number here stand out like the proverbial dog ball . if you are a wpa fan you will be needing this . ( this wa a mint condition original cd release . the reissued version is identical , with no extra track . mick wa not consulted on the reissue , and wa somewhat peeved when it appeared , saying that , had anyone bothered to ask , he could have supplied heap of great bonus material )
1	amazing grace ( my chain are gone ) by chris tomlinson is truly amazing . version of song a it wa written , but left this line out for many year .
1	if i had a theme-song , you are so vain would have been it . a a matter of fact , it wa . i used to call discotheque before i would arrive and make my entrance while the song wa playing .
1	great album ! they have such wonderful voice ... i wish i could sing like that .
1	i love elvis voice for gospel music and the 2 cd did not disappoint .
1	like most people , i only buy song i have already heard and liked , so ... yeah , i think it is good .
1	excellent album and value
1	it is music i like what is with this required number of word non sense - if i did not like it i would not have bought it
1	great live instrumentation and vocal ! the music and talent of this album is awesome , my favorite is news for you !
1	if you love taylor swift , you are going to love red . if you were not already a fan , this is not a song that is going to make you change your mind .
1	i loved this version . the song wa written by herbie hancock . there wa a movie by the same name about a bigoted white guy ( is that okay for me to say ? ) it wa written by herman raucher ( song : the summer of 42 . ) one morning he woke up to find himself black . it wa funny but i felt a little uncomfortable sometimes . godfrey cambridge wa the main character , jeff gerber .
1	great deal sound great would buy again good buy mvto mvto mvto mvto mvto mvto mvto mvto mvto mvto mvto mvto
1	okay i wa shocked when i first played the song .... i thought it wa going to be a woman based on the cover art . but i can not say i am disappointed with the song at all . in fact i love love love this song . it perfect , sweet and beautifully done . i can not wait to listen to more of his music . his voice is awesome . so i strongly suggest downloading this song , especially while it free .
1	this sing just lift my spirit whenever i hear it . it is a classic that just make yoou hopeful and faithful .
1	i am definitely a 90 baby , so the whole vibe of this song appeal to me . lol . smooth jazz r & b and jazz such a this are always a win in my book !
1	pretty good . i went to h with phil and he is bad as . this is a good cd for busting out ur girl or yanking ur doodle .
1	love her music .
1	great disc for quiet christmas celebration ! ! great arrangement in the baroque style .
1	kid love it !
1	the melody on this cd are beautiful , enchanting and captivating . just close your eye and let the music create peace .
1	wonderful album for kid and adult , my husband and i enjoy this a much a our kid . love the music , lyric , concept and accompanying dvd . i have recommended it and given it to many .
1	i heard this song on the radio and loved it . it really make you think if jesus wa never born we would not have christmas . jesus is the reason for the season and this song reminds u all of that .
1	a with most of his music wing is beautiful and relaxing them - i have several of his album and enjoy them all
1	pretty good ! i like that it ha element of acoustic folk and hard hitting rock . i heard the one song on the radio . the album cover caught my eye ; )
1	great song , love the lirics with a lot of meaning for me . will be playing this at my wedding reception
