1	Very Disappointing!!!
1	I wish I had read the other customer reviews before I wasted my free download on this "remix". As a song in general, it's a pretty generic house beat, but it completely ruined the original. Don't do it.
1	This is a very good CD. It contains the "original" version of "I Can Only Imagine" A lot of other Praise songs as well.
1	Wow, it is so funny that you are requesting reviews on this item which I purchase a while ago.  Just last night, I was trying to convert this very same cassette using my cassette converter tapes to be converted into any audio format which I like.  Of course I would very much like for this to be on a CD but I am just learning how to use the equipment and the tape now seems a little distorted in some areas.  Long story short I love this cassette by Ruby Andrews but sad to say that I have to rate it 4 stars because I cannot find it anywhere in stores like ITune or anywhere else.
0	One star simply because a no-star is not available. Why waste one moment on your precious life listening to this?
1	I don't purchase music at all, but I needed this song for a class project.  When I tried to insert it into a PowerPoint presentation, it wouldn't load.  Apparently, Amazon does not allow the music to be digitally altered.
0	I got a great quality song for free.  The amazon mp3 set up works well.  There weren't any problems with the song and it is nice to be able to download it and put on my phone or iTunes with no problems.
0	Such a beautiful song.
1	I love this CD, I wish that it was a little longer but I'd rather have some quality jams then garbage.
1	After listening to Barbra Streisand for over 40 years now, it's inconceivable to me that she would allow this album to be released, particularly considering how much of a perfectionist she is.  In one fell swoop, every song that I have come to love was destroyed, sung in the most unmemorable way and in a way that contradicts how the song was originally conceived (even if by Streisand herself).  With the exception of Josh Groban's voice, all of the other voices were simply incompatible with Streisand's.  Even Groban was merely technically proficient, almost as if he was fighting Streisand instead of complementing her.  All of the performances were completely uninspired and left me with a sense that no one had rehearsed--even down to moments of off-key and off-timing as well.  You'll also find the intro music to each performance strangely inappropriate for the song that's about to be sung.  And the songs have all been arranged in a way that leaves them almost unrecognizable.  If you think you're going to be listening to music you've come to know and love, you will be disappointed.  Do yourselves a favor: Don't buy this album, don't listen to these performances.  Preserve the memories you already have of these wonderful songs.  Thank goodness I streamed them instead of investing in the CD.
1	If you want to hear songs that are truely some of the last he sang, and read, in the insert, the stories by the artists who assisted in putting them together, this is well worth it. A couple of the songs I'd heard before, but these are 'different' in that you can tell he wasn't doing all that well when he recorded them. Kind of sad, but, at the same time, I'm glad I made the purchase. He was a great star, and much of that greatness still comes through in this music!
0	This cd starts out bad and steadily gets worse.  Don't buy this cd, as its the worse work of Roger Waters.
1	Phenomenal album ruined by Amazon Music player adding a short pause between each track.
1	An excellent song (and prayer) for every believer!!!  Helps me to keep my focus on my heavenly hope.  I think most of us long for our heavenly home and to be with our loved ones that have gone before us.
1	As expected - as advertised - delivered in a timely manner...
1	I'm proud of this album and Adam Young for making it. I like to see him explore new (and remake old) areas, giving his Owl City flip on things. Don't mind what the "hardcore" fans say, Adam. Do what you want to do as an artist! I will always love anything and everything that you name your own.
0	This album is wack, yo. Hip-hip by the numbers with an emcee who can't rhyme and radio-friendly fodder like '21 Questions' but it don't matter, cus HE BEEN SHOT NINE TIME! I've heard better 'music' at the National Zoo (primate house) but it doesn't matter. No, it doesn't matter one bit. You'll buy this garbage because 50 CENT BEEN SHOT NINE TIMES!
0	i listened to this album over and over again when i first bought it around 1980. i am a huge fan of traffic and basically anything to do with steve winwood. i hadn't heard it in years and just recently picked it up again . it may not be steves finest moment but it's still a good album. it does sound abit 80ish but that's not really a bad thing considering whats out there thats new...i'd never pay full price for it but given the chance to pick it up for 12bucks like i did well it's a worth while buy.
1	This goes to every olive wood Seven Sorrows Rosary bought from HolyLandMarket ... great addition to a top quality Rosary.  God bless you.
0	This is a good song.  The download was fast and there were no issues in the quality for this product.
1	My father died prior to this album's release. That's all that stops this waste of studio time from being the biggest tragedy of my life in 2013.
1	Humorous
1	The lady sings like one who is drunk
1	I could not sleep because the smoke detector battery in my home kept beeping and I needed something to drowned the sound out.  I saw this track after googling fan noise. Unlike other mp3s that were 10 minutes, this one was over an hour long. I decided to try it.  I went to the fruit store where they wanted $10 for this mp3. I came back here downloaded and put it on the mp3 player I got from the fruit store and put it on repeat. I got one of the best nights of sleep I have ever had. I plan to use this every night. Do not hesitate to get this, it is amazing !!!!! and thank you Amazon for making it affordable!!
0	Again, this single hit is one of my many favorite songs by R, Kelly.  I play it over and over.
1	LOVE THIS SONG! Get your 2 step on! We need more music like this around, tired of the crappy music nowadays!
0	just makes you want to sing loud in the car
1	Emmylou's voice is still wonderful and  Rodney is still writing great songs, though he wrote only about half of the album.  Still, the rest of the songs were well chosen.
0	This cd sucks!!!
1	Beautiful song
0	I am disappointed with quality of this.  I thought I was buying NEW recording....sounds like a compilation.... Can hardly hear some songs! What I can hear is beautiful.
1	If you don't like country music...I still think you're going to think this is some funny stuff!  I don't know if it's meant to be funny but I took it that way!  Or else you will probably be offended by the lyrics of all of the Wheeler Walker Jr.'s songs on this CD!  If you love country music...you're going to be thrown for a loop and say...did I just hear what I just heard?  Holy crap...that's some great country music with a cool voice and funny as all get out!  Although this CD will probably be more liked by the younger male crowd.  Females beware!...lol
1	I bought this CD because I really like the track: "Song Of Jabez".  When I got the CD and listened to the other songs I was disappointed and honestly found that I didn't like any of the other songs.  But for the price ($3), it was worth getting the one song I did want.
1	did not sound as good as it did in BOURNE IDENTITY!
1	This is a collection of some of his best songs, and even after all these years the music is just as timely as ever.
1	Amazing heartdelt
1	I really enjoy listening to this song because so many can relate to the lyrics and the beat is amazing and K. Michelle can sing. This is just my opinion so let's not get into the battles because everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
0	This album has some great praise and worship on it, and it has some positive messages of speaking blessings into your life, if you just "believe." I love the album, I listen to it everyday. Go out and get this album! You will not be disappointed. This is great gospel music!
1	Beautiful music and voices blended together.  A great song for year-round listening.  I hope you enjoy this great contemporary christian song.
0	Great music, but if you're looking to hear Bette Midler and "I Put a Spell on You" then don't bother buying this album. It is sorely missed. Wish I had read the review and done my due diligence as I would not have purchased the album.
0	Horrible cd.  This reminds me of the music in movies right before during or after something bad happens. Not soothing at all.  It stressed me out.
1	Very good.
1	I own every DM, Gore and Gahan album. This is my favorite. It edges out Music For The Masses and yes, Violator.  This is the perfect album to get someone into DM and a must for even the casual fan.  Hell, one of the songs on the album was almost my wedding song (inside joke for those who know this is also known as 'The Wedding Album'!
1	Jordon Smith just kills all the songs he sings.  He has such a gorgeous voice and such unbelievable voice control.  Also, he has such a unique range and tone for a guy--unbelievable.  Perfection.
0	Too old fashioned and  thought it be rocking with a title "shout it out" but it was not.  I was disappointed.
1	Great song from a VERY talented artist who I hope to see live in concert soon. Very high quality sound
1	good tune
1	An awesome album! Can't stop listening to it!! Brandi Carlile is AMAZING!!!
1	Good song
0	It really helped me with my life.  This meditation CD is really good.
0	Saw this lad on NBC, bought a ticket to his live perfomance the next night in Phila, and purchased his import album the next day.  It's hard to believe Paolo is only 19.  He is going to make the ladies melt with his raspy solos and perfect falsettos!!  You will love his bluesy rhythms and relate to heartfelt lyrics!!
0	Love VH.  DLR can't hang anymore.  Time to stop Dave
1	Great Oldie....
1	good song
1	Just bought this remastered version on vinyl & it sounds absolutely horrible, don't waste your $$
0	The music: great! Slick funk that's not taking itself too seriously. The vinyl: Stunning color, good pressing sound-wise, but came warped (though not beyond playable). The packaging: as minimal as one can get. Seems part of the aesthetic, I suppose. The value: paying $35 for a half hour of music doesn't feel like a great deal. Again, love the music, but feel it should have been sold as an EP in the sub-$20 range.
1	The implication that only in America can someone live well is naive.  People live pretty darn well and make pretty impressive personal gains in other nations as well.  I use this in my class to demonstrate the narrowness of middle American thought.  Catchy tune, though.
1	Another 1 hit song for party's like the Macarena.  If you listen to it to often you'll say Oh no, not this S*** again!.
1	DIS ALBOOM "GAT RECH OR DI TRIN'" IZ DA BESTEST RAP ALBOOM EVA!!! 50 CENT HAZ DA BESTEST LIRICS EVA ABOUT HOW GURLS SHAK THURR BOOTAYS IN DA CLUB!!! "IN DA CLUB" IZ DA BESTEST SONG EVA BECASE ITS ABOAT DAT EXACT SUBJICT!!! HE GOT SHOT NINE TIIIIMMMESSS!!! DATS SOOO SAD N IT MAKES MI FEEL SOREY FUR HIM!!! FORGET STUFF LIKE PUBLIK ENEMI AND CIPRUSS HILL!!! THAY SUK AND CAN'T HOPE 2 MACH UP 2 50 CENT!!!!!!!!!  Wrong! That was untrue! And "In Da Club" is loved by people because those bastards at MTV praise it!
1	Great
1	Awesome song
1	This has to be one of the best songs of Godsmack. The vocals and music rhythm are all in synch
0	I love hearing (or watching) Elvis sing Gospel, he began singing gospel at a very young age and you can tell it means a great deal to him.  His voice almost takes on another 'personality' when he is singing gospel songs.
1	I luv the remix versions of this song, they are so much betta than the album version.  The remix gives the song more depth and energy, and highlights Jane Child's voice.  This song is Jane's claim 2 fame, so let her tell u baby one mo time now..........
1	Great!!!
0	If the goal of this new album was to go a completely different direction and use a completley different "sound"/style that sounds almost nothing like David Crowder...this album has achieved that goal. That being said, if you were feeling like DCB had peaked or stagnated or was getting boring, this may be the album for you. I just cannot wrap my mind around David Crowder with a disco drum beat and techno-noise with tons of keyboard sounds in the background. It's not so much that I don't like that he has changed his style, it's that I don't think it works for him given his voice and style of songwriting. It seems they are trying to appeal to the pop music/radio freindly/tween audience with this one. That's a swing and a miss in my book. I'll be selling it at the local used CD store after I burn "How He Loves" to my I-Tunes.
1	Its Really not even missy elliot, its some guy. and its not even a full songs length. I'm upset at this
0	The way Johnny Paycheck sings this song makes you think your right there with him. You think hard about your own life.
0	We've been fortunate to have seen Brandy live on several occasions and she sounds just as good in person as she does on her albums.  We have both of her albums and my wife and I both think they are absolutely great.  We think she is a very talented lady in both her song writing skills and her vocal ability is just plain AWESOME!!!  We are looking forward to purchasing and listening to her next album and many more after that.  We acquired "Big Day In A Small Town" at one of her shows and purchased "12 Stories" through Amazon.  Keep up the GREAT work Brandy!
1	OK Version of "Morning Dew" but there are a lot better versions by other musicians out there.
1	Tank has always delivered top rate R&B and he has done it again! The track "Next Breath" made me feel tragic whilst driving the car....which is a good thing by the way!
1	Extremely useful for intonation!
1	didnt get same reason as the other one.
1	great soundtrack, has bonus songs on disc.  fast shipping and well protected
1	Great Song...maybe their best ever!
0	I just saw the Menopause the Musical production in Dayton Ohio mid September 2010.  It was a stitch and I loved the music.  I was really excited about having a copy of the musical score. But, I was sadly disappointed in the CD quality.  The singers are hard to hear, the volume fluctuates and the mics of the singers are not projecting them above the musical background. It was a real disappointment... I would not recommend this particular CD version.
1	GREAT BAND ! GREAT SONG ! Too bad this download from Amazon cuts off the end of the song right after the drum solo at the end. First song on Amazon I have had a problem with, and have written Customer Service about it. Will update this review after we see what they are willing to do to fix it. Don't mind paying for a song or music, as long as it's the ENTIRE SONG !!
1	I love ever single song on this cd and i mostly only listen to country music, i recieved this very fast and as decribed. thank you
1	There past album were much better. There are always songs that I have to skip on all of their albums,  but with this one I only found two that were repeat listeners. This album dips too far into twangy country music. I have always really like their dynamic and unique sound, but this one didn't do it for me.  They might sell more records with the added twang and peppered racism, but I hope their next album lays off that junk more. Been forcing myself to listen to it for my daily commute to and from work for about a week. I'll now rip the two decent songs (blacked out, outback)to my phone and be retiring the Cd forever.
1	Having already heard Nevertheless, Pelecis Double Concerto for violin and piano, in Kremers previous recording on Teldec,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/From-My-Home/dp/B000005823/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">From My Home</a>, I guess I knew what to expect: sentimental and sweet film music. Not that Im attracted to that kind of music, its out of an interest for the label, the Belgian Megadisc Classics, really, that I bought the CD. Launched in 1992, Megadisc did great service by bringing to the attention of music lovers a whole array of composers from the, by then, ex-Soviet empire: some that had already had some recorded exposure in the West, like Silvestrov, but mostly some that didnt, or not much  and, for the most of them, still dont: Alexander Knaifel, Vladimir Tarnopolski (see my review of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Introduction-to-the-Music-of-Vladimir-Tarnopolski/dp/B00004WHA4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Introduction to the Music of Vladimir Tarnopolski</a>), Tigran Mansurian, Faradj Karajev, Alexander Wustin, Nikolai Korndorf, Alexander Rabinovitch, Avet Terterian, Alexander Rastakov, Rytis Mazulis, husband and wife Elena Firsova (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Firsova-Mandelstam-Cantatas/dp/B0002ZL19C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Firsova: Mandelstam Cantatas</a>) and Dmitri Smirnov (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/An-Introduction-to-Dmitri-Smirnov/dp/B00006J9MG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">An Introduction to Dmitri Smirnov</a>)  and Pelecis, then. In particular, Megadisc was the first really to unearth the music of Shostakovichs maverick student Galina Ustvolskaya, and if only for that it deserves eternal gratitude.  And in truth, I had forgotten about the Pelecis being featured on the competing Teldec disc, but by an extraordinary coincidence it was brought back to my memory by a comment posted under my none too enthusiastic review there, exactly when I had pulled this one out of my shelves to listen to it.  But, still, with all that, I didn't expect Pelecis to write the same kind of music as Michael Nyman or Philip Glass: repetitive, fresh, propulsive, jubilant. Yet its what he does in Revelation. Also tonal, easy, sounding almost like joyous rap music, or like music for a kids choir, something like Pelecis version of The Little Sweep. The music could easily pass for absolutely corny, but it is so unabashedly so that I feel like a perverse attraction to it (and I like the music of Nyman also, sometimes). I like also what sounds to me as a total contradiction between the mood of the music  jubilant and facile, music for your kids show at the end of the year of elementary school - and what the piece is about. In the composer's own words, Revelation presents three soloists  a countertenor, a pianist and a trumpet-player  refusing to accept the familiar dreadful prophesies, preferring the promises of a realm of light and joy, in the New Jerusalem. The theme is divided into three parts: the last lines of he Revelation of Saint John, Gloria in Exelsis Deo and Hallelujah in Paradise. Do I read a subtext here, Pelecis talking about his refusal of ugly contemporary music, preferring the promises of a realm of light and joy in music in the style of Michael Nyman?  The rest is a it was expected to be: Nevertheless sweet, pretty and sentimental music, at times derivations of Chopin in the style of Richard Clayderman (that thing returns a lot in the double concerto), music for Elton John ballads, for a sentimental Hollywood romance (the moment of dreamy nostalgia, memories, hazy image, slow motion, gauze skirts rustling under the breeze), music that Yann Tiersen could have written, folk dances, moments that may hark back to late 19th and early 20th century English pastoralism  like Elgar, or Vaughan Williams The Lark Ascending. Sometimes the solo violin line even seems to want to reproduce that of Brahms Violin Concerto. In fact, just read what the composer says about it, and you can guess whats in store: this double concerto reveals the importance of the psychological dimension in music. At the beginning of this piece, the piano plays in a minor key, in a state of permanent melancholy. The violin on the other hand, almost always in a major key swims in happiness and wants to convince his partner to join him there. For a long time he doesnt manage it, and it is only after three violin solos, three passionate cadences, that the piano finally says yes. Because true happiness is happiness shared!. Am I incredibly cynical or is this incredibly corny? Probably both. Always, when I have multiple versions of a same work, Ill do some comparative listening. Here, sorry, but I cringe. Anyway, given the underlying program of the concerto, Im in no doubt that Kremer plays it with more conviction with his partner Latia Skanavi here than he did with Vadim Sacharov in 1993.  Pelecis combined homage to Piazzola and Oskar Stork, track 3, is a mixture of symphonic tango (thats the Piazzola part) and of more sentimental and crooning music with syrupy violins (Oskar Strock must be something like the Latvian Piazzola). 5 minutes of it might have been fun, nearly 20 seemed aimless. "The Last Song", the last piece on the CD, a solo for violin and strings, is 5 minutes-long, and although it is in the same sentimental, brooding, nostalgic, melancholy vein as the double concerto, with the same echoes of early 20th century English pastoralism (Vaughan Williams Tallis Fantasia comes to mind), its a piece that can hold its own in the neo-simplistic trend illustrated by P&auml;rts Fratres.  At least, and to his credit (I guess), Pelecis is entirely unabashed about his aesthetic stance. He writes, in the liner notes (awkwardly translated to English, presumably from the German, by someone who obviously had only a vague understanding of German. When necessary I substitue my own): I invite my listeners to be aware that the evolution of music has not only been a progression, but also a long sequence of losses. These losses are a painful memory to me and I cannot break away from them. I try to save and re-establish as much as I can. For the average listener, as indeed for me, the scope of classical music (from Monteverdi to Mahler) is a paradise that invites us into the most sumptuous realms that the mind of a composer can imagine. The imagination of a composer contemplates and rejoices in a certain ideal, that of sonic perfection in all its dimensions. Who then has chased composers from this Garden of Eden? Im afraid that theyve done it by their own decision [the liner notes translation of the German auf eigene Faust here is: I rather fear that they have often escaped from their own master This is senseless]. But I won't let myself be chased away. So I remain there and I feel good. I see myself almost as a gardener, part guardian and part creator of pretty things in the musical paradise that belongs to all of us.  So this is music for those who equate paradise and sentimental film music. De gustibus But I'm afraid it's not the flowers of paradise that Pelecis is gardening, but cheap plastic avatars salvaged from dumps. TT 67 minutes, no complaint there  at least for those interested in that kind of music.
1	I never ordered this.
0	this one if you download than you are the first it will say its upload but its not i did this for my computer and my Iphone it took up a lot of time and it cuts in and out all the time.
1	I usually like certain songs and have never had one favorite band, but All Sons & Daughters changed that. Every song is pure, true, lovely.... the whole album makes my heart sing.
0	By far the happiest song i've even listened to.  For fun, I play this song while watching the Charlie Brown Christmas dance to watch the character dance in perfect sync..haha!  Great song though!!!
1	I need to quantify my review up front. In my dictionary, you look up the words 'music', 'class brass',' professional', and you'll see CHICAGO. Anyone who knows me, knows that CHICAGO is, and has been, my favourite group since dirt, hands down. The only other band closer is the Beatles. I own every 331/3 album, and every cd, twice. My key chain says "CHICAGO". My refrigerator and front door has CHICAGO magnets inside and out. Anything with the CHICAGO logo on it gets saved. Need more proof of my loyalty ?  This cd saddens this loyal fan to the point of heartache. I didn't say anything when this group started re-issuing albums and continuing to count them as progressive Roman numeral issues, I figured they earned the right, plus they had to eat. Despite the sad death of guitarist Terry Kath, the loss of drummer Danny Seraphine and bassist-singer Peter Cetera, this group really worked hard, both in the studio and at the concert venues to remain a vibrant part of the music scene. It is not easy to stay current for 40 years and please everyone.  When the new guys came on the scene, you didn't hear me speak ill of Jason Scheff for sounding like Cetera. Cetera was gone, Jeff was in and that's that. I didn't ever expect any one of Chicago's subsequent guitarists to sound like Terry Kath, and frankly, I didn't want them to. Even the drummer, Tris Imboden, was musically right for the fit of this band, all of them bringing their own piece of continuing Chicago talent into the fold.  But folks, this is not right. Chicago has more talent than this.  Part of me wants very hard to salute them for being there for 40 years, the other part says that I will not pay high ticket prices to stand in a cold Seattle rain to hear them play this music in concert. I can hear the same stuff on" Night and Day",  "Chicago 21" and all the Christmas songs that I have already bought years ago. I don't know, maybe I am just getting to old, but I think my sixteen year old is going to akin XXX to elevator music as well.  If you have to have it, then buy it. If you are hard up for money, save it for food or something worthwhile. I know my mom said that if I didn't have anything nice to say then I shouldn't say anything, but I am not getting a warm fuzzy feeling hearing this one. Usually I am stoked and can't wait to tell a friend. I may have to pull the shades and bolt the door and turn off the telephone. Thank goodness I have 29 other Chicago albums to listen to. Better luck next time fellas.  Maybe there was just too many cooks in the kitchen?
1	I love the 3 songs I've heard so far! Coldplay doesn't disappoint! I have all their music & I love it all!!
1	Claudio Sanchez is a music genies! The EP is one of the best of 2012. Definitely worth the long wait since the projects last release!
0	Big disappointment.  Been waiting a long time for this, and it's pretty much a dreary let down.  Probably won't listen to this one much.  Is this the same guy that made K.A.O.S.?  Two stars instead of one 'cause it is Roger.
1	I purchased Gastric Band Hypnosis by Kimberley Tylor and found it to be too basic and just falls short. I have been hypnotized before and have an extensive understanding of the process.  The most popular lap band hypnosis packages (Granger, Shiran, and others) typically conduct their sessions over 2 to 4 days (about 7 to 20 sessions).  This CD does nothing to educate, and is just the surgery and a separate adjustment sessions as well. If anyone is truly looking to do something like this I would suggest that they visit a local hypnotist and discuss what your trying to achieve. Simply pull a google search for 'lap band hypnosis' or 'gastric band hypnosis' and there you go.  The one I found offered a free consultation and gave me some valuable info before I eventually got started.
1	It's hard to do justice to the studio recording ,live. But williams  pulls it off well. He has a beautifull voice and reminds me for some reason of the late jim reeves, calm direct and no overselling of the song. Williams is always good and dependable with his music which is rare
1	My dad said that I need to kiss you
0	With so much quality music coming from NY its hard to understand, how 50 has become such a superstar when surounded by quality musicians in the rap game. I do admit that the majority of beats are beutifully produced (Dre/Eminem), but if you want to here some lyrical substance within this kinda music, look no further than fellow new yorkers Necro and Ill Bills recent mixtape CD. While, there are ear pleasers such as In the club and PIMP, the product provokes a non-existant challenge for the listener, and while the comparison may sound a little harsh, 50's deliverance within both the way he mumbles and the overall structure of his rhymes are reminicent of past puff daddy protege, Mase. Still, if you like your production mill rap music, produced for the mass, then youll probably like this. Unfortunatley though, this is just another hiphop offering for the poor man to buy and the rich record exec to sell, to make a lot more than 50 CENTS.
0	Not  the live version - sucks.
0	I love this song
1	Caused Migraines had to stop listening after one session, tried a second with immediate result. May work for some but for my purposes useless.
1	Was not able to download it.
1	For those of you who aren't familiar with Virgil Donati he is one of the most amazing innovative drummers around. Period. His ability to play multiple time signatures simultaneously is rivaled by none that I've ever heard. I discovered him while listening to Steve Walsh's Glossolalia album and then rediscovered him playing with Derek Sherinian on some of his solo works and also with Planet X. I've been a devout fan ever since. This dude is freaking SICK! On this record he really stretches the limits of my musical sensibilities which by most standards is miles beyond insane to begin with and has of course surrounded himself with the talent to pull off these maneuvers with seamless ease. It is simply mind blowing that someone can conceptualize & compose this kind of stuff let alone perform it to this degree. The compositions on this album are extremely complex and never really lets the listener get too comfortable with the deep grooves before the piece moves to the next tantalizing yet tension filled musical theme. This album is truly a prog-heads dream! After a few times through it all starts to make more musical sense and the ideas start to take on some relative familiarity. So as a colossal prog head I highly recommend this album to all the like minded freaks out there looking for more brain candy. If you think this might be a bit too radical of a place to start perhaps Planet X's Quantum would be a more musically friendly introduction to the world of the brilliant "Thunder from Down Under" Mr Donati.
0	I love this song! It's beautiful, full, and just the way I like it! If you love music as much as I do and have respect for the music, this song is a perfect "add" to your wonderous colection that you'll listen to time and time again!
0	Archuleta has a pleasant, pop-style baritone voice and scoops into his notes all over the place; he is no different than a hundred different young pop singers--if I weren't looking at the CD cover I wouldn't be able to tell WHO he was.  There's nothing wrong with his singing and I know a lot of young folks will probably enjoy it.  The song selection is quite standard--nothing new except one spanish-language selection that will not set the world on fire.  For us older folks who have been through a million Christmases and don't want same-ol' same-ol' Andy Williams-style song stylings, there is a whole universe of beautiful, pure, non-pop Christmas music to cheer the spirit and lift the heart without the syrup and the commercialism.  I'm glad David is rich now, but I'll listen to, oh, I don't know, Chanticleer or something.
1	Amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melodies, testosterone showers rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of us and such a beautiful orchestration. Lin Manuel Miranda deserves all the credit and accolades but not enough credit has been given to Alex Lacamore, his orchestration is  as important for the enjoyment of this musical as LMM lyrics and music. I have not been on Broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year I would probably swear to God that I was present at the Richard Rodger theater during this week, was I?
