1	I have been searching for this song for awhile without knowing the title and artist. I was happy to have finally found it. I would like to caution buyers though, the lyrics are extremely disturbing, I can't even say it on this review. When I was searching for the song, I have only heard a portion and haven't heard the full version until I bought it. I just thought it had good rhythm.
1	Beautiful song to dance at wedding with son.
1	Despite this being a label album, its really just another Flame album. V Rose only gets one track to herself, and its the forgettable Threw It All Away. Ever since Clear Sight separated from Young Noah due to "creative differences," the label has stuck with their two artists. Yes, a lot of various artists from Reach Record, Cross Movement, and beyond are brought in to add flavor, but its Flame's project without question. And its ok, but its not as good as Flame's usual stuff, which has been declining as of late in my opinion.  I'm kinda disappointed, as the guests did not shine particularly bright either, so i'll give it a 2, maybe a 2.5 No knock on the message, thats great. But I didn't feel that this album was that good overall.
0	Love this song!
1	I never ordered this song so I don't know why it says I did.  But thank you anyway.  Thanks again.
0	Thanks
0	I was so happy to find this song on Amazon--one of Glen's best songs ever.  The lyrics sound autobiographical, and the music is upbeat.
0	Love it, Thank You so much
0	These guys dress up in strange outfits and rock out with them on stage. Mostly this album is experimental with a few different kinds of tracks, but there are some gems here. Manic Depresso (Most famously known from Bad Channels) is the highlight track, but don't that steer you away from trying the rest of the songs. The lyrics are out of this world and some of the riffs are totally worth owning. Imagine if this band stayed together. Definitely a head of it's time.  Hope you enjoyed as much as I did.
0	My favorite  Prince  song! R.I.P PRINCE!
