0	A musical artist mega immortal heavyweight can do anything they want. But I hate it when they try to join the Bing Crosby holiday hit parade. At least Elvis was able to produce some brilliance in this area,like "Blue Christmas". This is tweedily dumb.
0	Destined to appear on "Worst Ever" lists for decades.  Knocks William Shatner out of first place for most embarrassing vocal performance ever.  Dylan was always a horrid singer, but we forgave him because he was a brilliant poet.  Here he mutilates the exhausted warhorses we've all come to despise. You simply can't believe your ears.
0	Nickelback essentially sum up everything that is wrong with the music industry today. What else can I say? This stuff is so bad it makes me go cross-eyed.
0	"01-06- Making Memories Of Us.mp3 could not be imported. The selected file is not valid or is corrupted" This is my error message so the file is no good to me. .
0	I owned the original Music from I Spy album done by Hagen and THIS CUT is NOT THAT CUT!  This is a bluesy, brassy ala David Rose stripper sounding, slow paced arrangement.  Some of you will like it.  I am biased, however.  The original use strings for the main lines (this uses brass) and brass for the asides or counterpoint.  It had a faster beat with a drummer who drove the tune and gave distinct accents.  This ain't that cut!  For those who relish soundtrack music this, to me, is like the Hugo Montenegro  version (arrangement) of the Man From UNCLE theme.  I don't even like the Lalo Shiffren version of the Man From UNCLE theme.  I like Jerry Goldsmith's original version.  Everything else is pale.  The I SPY albums are available but at $22 that's out of my budget for nostalgia and there are no track listings and if I were to buy it, it would be for the original I SPY theme and a track called The International Set, which is a lovely accordion and string based song.  THIS IS SPY track would be to me like "The Fishing Hole" song from Andy Griffith done with a KAZZOO instead of Hagen whistling.
0	I like bar and band versions of songs, but this has too much "not funny" in it for me.  It's one thing to be drunk and hear stories and laugh about shooting your neighbors cat, sleeping with your cousin, sister, brother, dad, or whatever else is in this music.  Lines about the anus detract from the music for me.  Clean it up, be a little more creative and this could be good late night bonfire music.
0	Pretentious, bombastic and utterly devoid of charm, this is exactly the kind of thing Spinal Tap parodied in performing Stonehenge. This is truly one of the worst albums I've ever heard.
0	A vile song from a vile album that glorifies adultery and a family destroyed. Leann's actions during AND after her affair has cost her many fans-me being one of them.
0	If you are a big fan of Trivium's style on their first two CD's, then don't even bother with this album. Not too long before this CD came out, Trivium covered Metallica's "Master of Puppets." In all honesty, the song rocks! But it is my suspicion that recording the cover song gave Trivium some abhorrent notion to make an album entirely in the vein of Metallica. This new album is a complete letdown. Trivium has such an awesome sound on "Ascendancy," and for them  to abandon that completely to attempt to fulfill their childhood dreams of playing in Metallica is, frankly, depressing.  From a fan whole absolutely loves their first two efforts, I give this album two thumbs down!  Please, for the love of (insert your chosen deity or spiritual force here), revert back to your original sound, Trivium!
0	Thought the artist were the original singers. They were community theatre caliber. OK, but off Broadway. Best songs from the best musicals, but not the best singers. Come on man!
0	I love Terrance and his acting is superb.  He just can not sing but he can really play the guitar.  I paid 13.00 for the CD and there were only 2 songs i played a little.  I enjoyed the spanish type song.  Maybe if he was able to sing more soulful. Anyway don't pay the CD, but I love you Terrance you are one of my fav actors.
0	I attended a workshop given by Mary DesRosiers, back when she first released this album.  I was very disappointed to find that she had only a nodding acquaintance with the Little House stories, evidenced by comments she made throughout the workshop.  Sure, the incorrect references were mostly detail oriented- but, if you are a diehard fan of Laura Ingalls Wilder's books, it's the details that really count!  When it came to the music, I was disappointed further to find that DesRosiers used different songs than the ones Laura had included in her books.  For example, Laura had included all of the lyrics to 'Roll the Old Chariot Along' in "The Long Winter."  Instead of using the lyrics provided, however, DesRosiers decided to substitute a British sailors' drinking song, claiming that Laura's father was really something of a lush.  By the same token, her story behind "Billy Boy" is that Laura's Ma had sung the song to Pa, when he came home from running around town, and she hadn't known where he was.  No incident like that is found anywhere in the entire Little House series!  If you are just looking for some examples of pioneer songs, this album will fit the bill nicely.  If you are truly wanting to know the music Laura knew, as she knew it, keep looking.
0	The song that I wanted is cut off and doesn't end correctly.  It stops in the middle of a phrase. I couldn't use it.
0	Uninspired garbage.  Such a disappointment. I have been with Manowar since their first album and have been waiting for this one to come out.  I couldn't be more unhappy. Uninspired is the best way to describe it.  It seems so half-assed when compared to their previous albums.
0	Whoever told this person that she could sing is a cruel heartless individual. Not only is she tone deaf not talented and annoying, she actually sounds like she's trying. Id hate to hear what she sounds like on an off day.  I think this music was meant for prisoners of war that are meant to go through psychological torture. Please, do yourself a favor DO NOT LISTEN TO THIS ALBUM OR ANYTHING ELSE BY THIS ARTIST. I guarantee that you will lose some respect for where music is heading in our time if you do. I am forced to give this only one star and that in my opinion is VERY generous as I don't even think it is worthy of review. I only do this to warn my fellow music lovers.
0	I tried to purchase this song on the Amazon App for BlackBerry but instead of getting this one song the app tried to get me to download the whole album. Now I'm trying to figure out how to get a refund. Love the song but the technology could be better.
0	This soundtrack left off the only songs I enjoyed from the movie. I guess I should have read the song list
0	This is NOT a piece of music.  It is only used for tuning up an orchestra or instrument.  Unless you want to tune your musical instrument, DO NOT DOWNLOAD.  All this is is a single tone, DO NOT DOWNLOAD.
0	This album just didn't do it for me. I got it when it came out, because I have all their CD's and love them to death. It's too girly and poppy for me, high-pitched. The lyrics are not all that clear, and don't mesh well together to mean one thing. Most of all, the melodies of the songs are hard to listen to. You know how some songs are just. difficult for the ear to enjoy? These songs are fine most of the time. but then almost all of them have a difficult spot where the melody (or the singing) is difficult to listen to. There are a few really enjoyable, feeling-filled songs though. Control, Secret, and Sleepwalking get 5 stars from me. The rest get about 3 stars. I can't relate to them much, and I don't get much pleasure from listening to them. but I will always love TBM's older stuff, and their newer Hide and Seek album.
0	This is one of my favs from A BOY NAMED GOO, the CD best known for The Goo Goo Dolls' breakthrough hit "Name".  This mp3 version of "Flat Top" sounds horrible - it sounds like some of the downloads my sister's friend used to get from LimeWire, where there was this hissing that sounded like someone was running a drum stick along the cymbals.  I've owned this on CD several times b/c I have a hard time holding onto anything and there are a couple bona fide bad songs on ABNG, and I'm not always in the mood for the downbeat "Long Way Down" (trk1).  But over the course of owning this CD off and on, I've listened to it many times, this is NOT the way it's supposed to sound.  I listen to this on my desktop PC via my Amazon Cloud, just like all my other music that I bought in mp3 format and this is NOT up to bar with anything that costs money.  If this were a independent release, I could maybe forgive this mishap.  But Warner Bros./WEA is either greedy or stupid.  This is inexcusable.
0	This version of the song doesn't sound quite right to me. Make sure you listen to it perhaps in iTunes which has a longer sample time to make sure it's the one you want.
0	another balcony sacrifice. they should be ashamed of themselves
0	Definitely not his best work. songs either to rap or slow. nothing like his last 2 albums.  It has to grow on me or a big waste of money.
0	This title is mangled - disco beats, sputtering words that are incomprehesible, then dead silence.
0	again amazon.com did not download my purchase. this is not the first time but it is the reason I do not keep or alow amazon.com software or cookies on my computer. Amazon.com has used them to erase kindle books. That was the greatest act of malicious malware I have ever come across. So now I eliminate all software, ie, The Amazon.com music player, and the Amazon.com cookies both of which were use in the malware attack on my kindle library. When Amazon.com was notified of this there response was, "Wasn't Me." Again I warn Buyer beware of Amazon.com.
0	No banjo. I was simply disappointed by the overall sound. I loved Mumford's first album, and thought the second one was just as good if not better. I was very excited to receive this CD the first day it came out, but after listening to it three times end to end, I felt bored. After the first week, I accidentally left it in the CD player of my rental car when I returned it, and made no effort to retrieve it. I hold out hope that the group makes a 4th album and moves back toward the sound that made the original two CDs so terrific.
0	They chopped the song off! The original song is 4:30.  The edited song, which appears here, was chopped off at around 3:33.  Huge disappointment.  And it fades out during they part where they are actually singing.
0	Mediocre compared to other tributes.  Just didn't enjoy these renditions the same way I have other vsq performances
0	This is an original artist remake. If you want the original version of this song click here >&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/One-more-try/dp/B002SZ2Z80/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">One more try</a>
0	I got this because its supposed to be a classic but this book is so out dated it loses a lot of credibility.  Many of the examples or stories drag on waaaaaay to long.
0	very disappointed in this version and not worth the money look for a more traditional rendition of this song song
0	Music is great-it won't download to my phone!?
0	never received it! had previous review for other songs but only noticed 17 at that time. now I see all these. just copy and paste the other review for everything cuz same comments apply :-(-  had forgotten I even ordered this until I started writing reviews for other purchases! ugghhhh!  other songs this same comment. damn! since I don't remember them I most likely don't have a copy of the original order, where it was supposed to come from and too late to get the item or be refunded! ugghhhh!  close to $100 worth of music never received!
0	I was told this was 'happy' music.  I find it boring & depressing.  I'm tossing it.
0	Not one memorable song.disappointing
0	I had pre-oredered this album on iTunes,and could not wait to get it.  I first fell in love with Bright Eyes when I heard their album "I'm Wide Awake, It's Morning."  The gentle, yet strong instruments and focus on vocals had a large calming effect on me, which is why I grew to love Bright Eyes.  However, this album denies the acoustic glory that said Bright Eyes album delivered.  Most of the songs rely heavily on electric instruments and a distorted sound that comes off as angry instead of thought provoking.  I would not recommend this to anyone.
0	Wow. I was hoping for more like his first 2 albums and was severely disappointed.  Nirvana. really?  Not great listening.
0	This album would've been so much better with live instrumentation. I hope his next one will be 100% great like he is on the road with his band.
0	Barefootin was on there, which is not the song we were after. We wanted Lets Go Baby, which was supposed to the B side, but instead it was Mountain of Love by Harold something or another. It came from a series of "collectibles".
0	I remember liking this song when it was popular 5 yrs ago.  Really stunned at what I heard when I listened to this song and her other work available online from that era (and since).  Am I the only one that thinks she absolutely cannot stay in tune?  She flats out every few bars, she sings at a register that is not flattering to her voice and frankly the quality of her voice is at best very average.  Overall kind of 'meh'.
0	Take some no-doze before you listen to this one.
0	The First two were great and they will have Shelf life. This was rushed out for Christmas & anyone that gave it more tan 2stars must be related. Bad reviews like this cost us money & makes the artist believe they did something right<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Iron-Man-Ultimate-Two-Disc-Edition-BD-Live-Blu-ray/dp/B001GAPC1K/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Iron Man (Ultimate Two-Disc Edition + BD Live) [Blu-ray</a>]
0	bought for airline flight for off line it's in the cloud and can't lisen off line
0	Blase' and uninspired, sadly, as was most of his music from this album.
0	Selfies are annoying enough, I don't see why an annoying song was necessary. The white girl voice in this song is SO UNBELIEVABLY annoying. I want to just smash my headphones. I mean yes, it has a catchy tune, but it is not the type of song that you spend money on. Look up on youtube, watch it once, and then never discuss it again.
0	If it weren't so badly warped it would be fantastic.  Maybe if you are lucky and get another batch . . .
0	Home for Christmas.  Sounds innocent enough.  But you would be well advised to stay away from this home.  It is a horrible place.  You'll be asking Santa for some ear plugs if you purchase this cd.  Alternately, you can buy it for people on your Christmas list that you don't like or just plain hate.  How bad is it?  Some say that the CIA used it to torture hardened terrorist suspects in Guantanamo.  It had them babbling like babies in minutes.  But if you are a fan of Kenneth Copeland, go ahead and buy it if you must.  After all, the man has a private jet and he's gotta pay for that jet fuel somehow!
0	This is not the version that you are looking for.  Have not found the version sung on Ondine yet.  dang it!
0	If you are looking for Bruce with his acoustic guitar and no band, this CD is for you. It will remind you of "Tom Goad", which I actually own but have not seen since the first and only time I played it. Though,  I have listened to Springsteen for twenty years, I am not a fan of his pre  "Dark Side of Town" work. I never cared for Dylan and I do not  like any of Springsteen's solo work. If you like BUSA, etc, you will  not like this CD. Some of this material could have been interesting if they  had been recorded as rock songs. I gave the CD Two stars because it was  made by Springsteen.
0	Sorry.  But, that's ridiculous (my opinion).
0	The 2014 Remaster is terrible.  Like so much music remastered these days for mp3 players, it is completely oversaturated, so that the sound is compressed and distorted, and there is almost no dynamic range.  The sound file looks like a brick.  This type of remaster is what gives digital sound a bad name and makes people long for vinyl.  It is perfectly possible to make a great digital remaster, but this is not one of them.  Boo!
0	although a nice album musically, these mp3 tracks i downloaded were of poor quality, probably recorded from an old vinyl record. all tracks had clicks and pops, while some had actual hisses and skips! i know there are better quality albums out there because i have one of them.
0	Adam's voice is so deeply buried under the effects that it is unrecognizable.  His second album was the best - he was starting to define his style and find worthy songs.  The material is weak and the lyrics are laughable.  This is a slickly produced attempt to make him a mainstream "pop" star.  He was never that - his forte was his wide range vocal style and his ability to convey emotion and the meaning of the words.  His interpretation of classics on American Idol (Mad World, Tracks of My Tears), made the songs his own.  He toured with Queen and was as good or better live than Freddie Mercury (vocally, even though he couldn't match his stage presence or personality).  I guess his first two CD's didn't sell enough to satisfy his label and their stockholders - so this is a last ditch effort to attempt to turn him into a middle aged Justin Bieber.  We don't need another shallow electronica/pop/disco clone! Good luck Adam - I think you have lost the majority of your fan base.  You can rock and you can wrench the emotion out of a good ballad.
0	I only heard 1 song off the album But sometimes i wait I don't want something i cant give back, i like to give but i don't want to give back Better save your money, i heard a song i didn't like, i only heard 1 song off the album, better save your money
0	Im not sure if I like it or not - I finally listened to it by having my car record it to its harddrive and I have the wrong CD it is Jeremy Camp with the following 5 songs:  Trust in You, Enough, Empty Me, I Wait for the Lord and Revive Me.  NOT EVEN THE CHAINSMOKERS. WEIRD.  the CD case and the artwork on the CD are all Chainsmokers: Bouquet.  NONE of the music is Chainsmokers. AGAIN WEIRD!
0	Wow geez one good song on this. It's a good song, the best song, but just that one song.
0	I went on Ringtones for Androids,  listened to I Walk The Line and bought it. Problem is it wasn't a ringtone, but the whole song.
0	I'm so disgusted with Amazon this season. 1/3 of the Christmas are offensive, explicit, and revolting, and it's not even a week into December. I saw that it was Lady Gaga, so I was wary at first, but I decided to give the preview a chance. "Light me up and put me on top?" Really Amazon, really? Christmas spirit includes carols, wintery atmosphere, giving, etc. not sexual innuendos. So disappointing, esp. after the first great song by Casting Crowns.
0	Listening to this CD, all the way through, was neither easy nor enjoyable.  If you like beat-driven "pop" with repetitious lyrical hooks, you might like '0304'.  If you are expecting to be touched by another excellent Jewel collection, prepare to have your heart broken.  This CD truly disappointed everyone I know who has heard it.  It is pure "pop" drivel.
0	I'm confused as to how to listen to this track. Where do I go? My review has nothing to do about Rihanna, she's great and I LOVE this song. that's why I bought it! I was just disappointed when I went to listen to the song and I had no idea where to go. Why can't it just download straight to iTunes? It would have been so much easier!
0	Songs were different from what I heard on youtube
0	But this album is horrible, only one fairly decent song on the entire CD.Don't buy it you are wasting your hard earn money on this.
0	J. Walsh said what I thought about this album.  Huey Lewis and the News were a great pop-rock, new wave  sounding band, they did more blues in the past, now they're trying their take on soul. This is not the Huey Lewis and the News we all love.  Huey please try to do another rock album before retiring, I think you can still do it.
0	The file I downloaded was corrupted. The Amazon downloader would not allow a second try. I asked for and received a refund.
0	So why are you asking me to review it?  This is a STUPID automated review process controlled by software clearly written by some idiot programmer.  Stop pestering your customers to work for you without compensation by writing reviews!
0	Some of these songs are so bad they're funny.  I kept Bandy Bandy, by Zap Mama featuring Erykah Badu, which is nice.  Also kept two other tracks, which I shall not name, but only for my "Really Bad Songs" playlist.
0	because the song cuts where the explicit words would go. I wish I could get a refund, I ended up buying the explicit version instead
0	Love Cyndi Lauper but it sucks big time that my IPad 1 can not use this Prime Music which I'm PAYING FOR
0	Absolutely horrible pressing. Save your money and just go with the 2016 remaster. I got this on a daily deal, but even at that price, it wasn't worth it. Sounds distant and there is absolutely no dynamic range. The bass is nonexistent, and was quieter than most of my other records. I've listened to it about 3 times now, just to see if it needed to break in a bit. Nope! Just horrible.
0	LOVE Greg, hate this song. Own 40 to 50 this one should never been recorded. should return it, but keep it to remind me to look again BEFORE I push the purchase button. Lousum
0	I have listened to this new album a dozen or more times now. I have gone back and listened to his very first album to his most current. I even pulled out the DVD "albums" and gave them a listen as well. "Closer" without question is his very best album - the most solid performance from track to track. "Illuminations" is without question the worst. There is no other artist who I listen to more over time than Mr. Groban. His songs have soothed away many stressful moments and days. His voice is unlike any other. He is talented and a gifted singer and song writer. Yet this does not change the fact that this new album is hands down the worst. In some ways, I wish it was never been released. For it tarnishes his previous accomplishments. I do not blame Mr. Groban for this, even though he chose his producer, but I do blame his advisors and most of all, the producer. Rick Rubin is no David Foster. Even though I am not a personal fan of David Foster - his arrogance is not very becoming. His ability to but together solid albums and attach songs to the right performer for the right "hit" is without question impeccable. And with this said, maybe he deserves to be arrogant. Mr. Groban does have the ability to write some very moving songs. The best ones have been in collaboration with other more experienced writers. Redirection is needed for the next album. Heck, if it was me, I would go back to the studio instead of go out on tour and put together an album that would be nothing less than his very best. Many of the standards which Mr. Groban has sung off albums in various performance venues could lay the ground work for such an album. Yet there has to be new material to bring the album to a level that alters the musical stage. This is where the experienced writers in the rock, pop and classical venue could bring works together to pull off an album unlike any other. In the end, this is just my opinion, among many starry eyes Grobanites who are already gathering for the upcoming tour. Let's hope he performs only two or three songs from this album while on tour and the rest pulled from all his previous accomplishments and those outstanding performances you have added along the way at many of your venues. I wanted this album to be better than any of the previous albums. My hopes were high thus why I am so disappointment by this collection of songs. Without question his voice remains perfect for the right material for the next album. This does shine through despite the haphazard collection of songs that make up "Illuminations". I now look forward to his next album knowing full well Mr. Groban  has decades of music yet to bring to all of us to enjoy.
0	Usually when you see a CD of little known tunes from the classic era of R&B, you're in for some rare treasures. This is NOT one of those kinds of CD's. The tunes are almost to a one poorly recorded, poorly performed, and lacking in appealing hooks. This is one collection of lost soul that should have stayed lost.
0	COMPARED TO TAYLOR SWIFT'S CD, THIS REALLY SUCKS!
0	I do not have the download. help guidelines not working, the cancel button was hit immediately but account still charged, please credit my account
0	Great Song written and song originally by Cheryl Wheeler who can sing.
0	Seth!  Man, who broke your heart.?  Your voice is amazingly smooth and velvety, and the orchestral arrangements are some of the most wonderful instrumentals to listen to in a long time. but STILL, neither is enough to let me sit through 17 songs of depression, loneliness, pining, crying.  In your liner notes you wrote of you trying to not make this album too "one note". but your failed.  Unless you are wanting someone to put a gun to their head or go jump in the river, I cannot recommend this, not even as "background dinner music".  Bring back the happy, swingin', cool Seth, please.!
0	Great music obviously, but awful remastering - even worse than the 3CD Chrome Box. Sounds thin and tinny, like it's coming out of a transistor radio. The mighty Chrome deserve better, but they'll never get it as long as they're on Cleopatra.
0	While I'm a Berlin fan, I wanted to go back while listening to these songs in the car. I should have read closely - these are not the originals.  While the are good, they are not the same.  Time to replace/repurchase with the originals.
0	This was a free download for Amazon Cloud. The voices were not very good. I could see the supposedly funny side but was not impressed! I got less than what free should be!
0	Honestly. I hate this song. I bought it because my band covers it and I had to learn it. It's another in a long list of those annoying KISS "anthems" . I respect them and really like some of their stuff. Ace was a BOSS! . but this is just campy.
0	Not the best song she has done! You gotta love the ministry to really enjoy this song. Maybe there is more to come!
0	I know most of the reviews here are from people that know Danny or listen to him producing an AM talk show and have a certain affinity for him. Their reviews seem a little biased at best. The truth is that while this album definitely calls back to old country music, it does so in the most generic way possible. Nothing here is really worth listening to more than once, and really once you've gotten to the chorus of each song you've pretty much heard all of it. No fresh or exciting takes here, just monotonous studio music laid out in a completely predictive pattern. Danny's voice doesn't help matters much. It's not strong enough to be a lead so the generic music really overpowers it. It's too bad actually, if he had a stronger voice this could at least be classified as "your basic generic old country music album". As such it falls short of even that.  If you know (of) Danny and want to get this for nostalgic reasons then by all means go for it. If you don't know Danny but have always wondered what it would sound like to record a karoke album then this is for you. All others would be better served looking up Marty Robbins, George Jones or Hank Williams to get the real deal.
0	loved his songwriting His voice real strong  Excellent country music highly recommend this  alum have recently bought two more albums of his from amz
0	I've ordered 2 times the same product from Amazon and the 5th track had a problem on both.
0	saw them perform on a talk show and thought i might like them. oh well.
0	First of all, let me start out by saying that while I've been a huge fan of the band since the earliest days, I'm not one of those "classic Chicago" fans who hates the 80s stuff.  In fact, "Chicago 16" is one of my favorite albums by the band.  And "17" is an album that they have every right to be very proud of.  And while "18" and "19" were just cranking-out-the-formula albums for them at that point, they at least had some huge hit singles, which was really all the band was about at that point.  By the time they got to "21" in 1991, both the format and the band's ability to contribute to it had past its time and that was (should have) been it for the that period of the band.  They then spent the next 15 years releasing various compilation, live and Christmas albums- some of which were considered part of the 'canon' and some not- so that we could get to the point in 2006 where their next album of new material could conveniently be called "XXX".  I, like a lot of fans, were very curious to see what this new album would bring.  A return to the use of roman numeral indicated a possible to return to the 'classic' sound.  A - even if completely coincidental - use of "Triple X" hinted as something edgy.  Instead, they inexplicably tried to revive the 80s sound of the band.  I say inexplicable because not only does a large portion of their most loyal fan base dislike this period of the band, but even if they could have come up with another "17", the band and the format were both long past the point of being able to create any hit singles with it in 2006.  There could have been another "Hard To Say I'm Sorry" on this record but radio wouldn't have played it anyway.  So why even attempt to go down that path?  Who were they trying to reach with this album?  And, worst of all, the attempt failed.  There isn't much at all to recommend on this album for much of anyone.  The songs are weak and the arrangements and production is tired.  One can only wonder why they thought this album would be a worthwhile effort in the first place.  It does serve to make weak albums like "13", "XIV" and "21" seem not so bad in retrospect, though.  What Chicago needs to do- what almost all of their fans would like to see- is a return to experimental and jazz-rooted sounds of the earliest stuff.  Sure, Lamm and Pankow both ran out of good song ideas back in the 70s, but certainly they must still have the chops and experience to arrange even poorly-written tunes in an interesting manner.  (And let's be honest. even a lot of the material on their early records weren't great songs.  But the arrangements were almost always aggressive and interesting.)  It'd be nice to see them at least attempt a real "comeback" album.  Or maybe they don't want to.  Which is fine, but then it's probably best to just limit future releases to compilations and live albums.
0	Never heard this version before! would have been nice to have been nice if l had been made aware that there was various artists. This is not even the guy who wrote the song (Cohn?or Cohen?) Even though llove the song l had to delete this version immediately! Waste of money
0	Those that have followed Grace and The Nocs, this is a disappointment.  Grace is much to talented a songwriter for this.  This is an artist like Picaso doing a paint by numbers.  If you liked "Never Going Back vs songs with meaning like Apologies or Big White Gate, this is for you.  Gone are songs with meaning, soul, truth, blues, replaced by techno.  I mss the guitar riffs between Scott and Benny. I miss a piano solo like Stars.  I miss a rocker like "ah Mary" or "Stop the Bus". The influence of Neil Young, Zep, Steve Miller, Stones, and Janis are replaced by Pop Singers.  Yes every artist has the choice to pursue and grow.  Every fan has the choice to buy. My prediction will be a Nocturnals reunion in the near future. I waited weeks to post a review to give it a chance to grow. It hasn't.
0	Unfortunately this album does not contain all of the shanties which is a shame, since they are great and really strike a personal chord with me since I am in the military and these are very similar to our cadences. Since this album doesn't contain all of them, Here is the YouTube video with 35 of the 36 shanties. [.]
0	Unfortunately I have to say that I hate this cd. She promised a "come back" to her earlier work, but she just mixed everything that it sounds like a soundtrack for a low budget movie. I love the Thalia that gave us "Amarillo Azul", "En la intimidad", "Love", "Saliva", "Sudor", "Sangre"; too bad she had to meet Emilio Estefan and then everything changed, she left her record label, sign up with EMI and they changed her style to latina bombshell. Every single efort from EMI is wierd, I hate the fact that is always the same "LATINADA" sound, like en "TU y YO", "En la fiesta mando yo", "La loca" (what a waste of song, for crying out loud!). The only one that's good (and the only reason I gave her 1 star is "No me enseaste", that reminds of the cd Mundo de Cristal, but the rest if bad, really bad. Besides, the fact that she hired Estefano to work with her, I was expecting a very new sound, very cool, taking in consideration that he made Paulina Rubio shine again with her 5 star "Paulina", but no, I guess the chemistry between Thalia and Estefano was just not there. And also, I agree with the one who said that she needs to wait to speak english fluently to do the crossover, that will save her some embarrasment.
0	I like other songs by her better,This song is okay,but she has done a lot better on her other songs.
0	most songs on this album are too similar. I only enjoyed 2 songs. Not the best album I've bought in a while. I do like Sinach, and was quite disappointed with this one.
0	This was given to me from my daughter and son-in-law as a joke. Because it is. All the 4 & 5 star reviews CRACK ME UP! Especially the ones from the holier-than-thou hard core Dylan fans. Particularly the ones who are snubbing their noses down at us critical ones who "just don't get it." LOLOLOLOL! The reviews are about as entertaining as the CD itself. The 5 star reviews are so serious! Unbelievable.  (Same thing on iTunes- if you want some great entertainment, read the reviews there for both camps. Hilarious!)  I don't care if you are a "Bob Dylan connoisseur," you've got to know horrible singing when you hear it and a total mismatch of voice to genre. Though I find this CD of immensely more entertainment value than listening to say, some opera singer like Domingo trying to convince us that he can sing pop, IT IS HORRIBLE IN THE WORSE WAY! More horrible than Rod Stewart trying to sing jazz standards, even. It is so horrible it is so *entertaining*! I'm going to share this with all my fellow conductors and music grad students. As well as "non-musical" friends. I know they will howl with either delight or pain or both!  One of the best things about this CD is the juxtapositioning of the very lovely backup singers who are almost angelic. With them contrasted against Dylan's singing it is almost like he hired them to totally mock him! Oh man, I'm listening to this as I type. It hurts my throat so much just listening to him. As one die-hard fan said, this will indeed become a "landmark" album- much in the same way that William Shatner's "The Transformed Man" is.  Thank you, Bob Dylan, for this wonderful Christmas present. We will listen to it, or a portion of it, every Christmas just for a tear-producing laugh. It is a good thing that "Christmas is in [His] Heart" because it definitely ain't in his voice!
0	Not as relaxing music as I though it would be.
0	I don't know what this album is going to sound like for Katy Perry!, but I know for sure I am NOT GOING TO HEAR THE REST OF KATY!  QUIT WRITING SONGS ABOUT SPLITS AND DIVORCES WITH RUSSELL BRAND!  GET ON WITH LIFE AND WRITE SOME BETTER TUNES.  'ROAR' AND 'WALKING ON AIR' IS DEFINITELY KEEPERS!  IF YOU DON'T IMPROVE I WILL NOT BUY ONE MORE THING FROM YOU!  SORRY SWEETHEART!  LADY GAGA #1! SO THERE!  SLUT!
0	Dear Fireflight,  Please release electro-pop under another name or as side projects. This will, I believe, alienate your current fans, I know it has me. If I wanted Christian Katy Perry, then I would listen to, uh, old Katy Perry.
0	Disappointing; very much MOR type music. Not what I had hoped for, sadly.
0	This is not music , its a cry for help. Oh my gosh this is awful. not worth 1 star.
0	i really thought this album was going to be a game changer. boy was i wrong. i feel like this is a boring album. i only enjoyed a few songs such as medicated and the plan. rolling papers had a couple songs i love and still listen to on a regular basis (when i'm gone & cameras). this album could have been so much more. all the hype and the push backs for such an average album
0	It's unfortunate that there isn't a negative rating scale. The disc took five weeks to arrive. Both the sound quality and the renditions of the songs were abysmal, even if one could tolerate the rather shabby packaging. Recycled the day it arrived.
0	They play this song so many times when this "came out" and gosh will he ever go away? He's overrated and needs to work at mcdonalds cause no ones lovin it.
0	The live version is not the version I wanted.  Do not care for all that talking during the song. I deleted it.
0	NOT AS GREAT AS HIS PREVIOUS CD, SOME GREAT TUNES BUT MOSTLY A DISAPPOINTMENT. I ENJOYED HIS FIRST CD AND MAYBE AN MP3 WOULD BEST SUIT YOU.
0	downloaded it but it has the same defects as the 30 year old cd track.
0	I don't know what she is saying. the only reason I 'assume' is because I do know the song silent night. now how do I delete it?
0	So i know there are two dirty words in the song and i wanted the clean version (that you hear on the radio) so i could listen to it even if my child pops into the room. but instead of using another word like the radio edit. this one uses cartoon effects. very weird and just as you are getting into the song that pops up. wish i wouldnt have bought this one.
0	I've been a fan of Heart since 1976 but I must say this album is a stinker. I thought the sisters Wilson wanted to "ROCK" on this record. Sorry. but I aint hearing it here.
0	not impressed the tune the beat and the voices not good for me don't know what could of been better
0	The novelty wears off very quickly.  A couple of listens and I was done with it.
0	OK relaxation music - but it  just doesn't do it for me as a "go to sleep" CD climb into bed and nod off
0	Wtf is this trash. This album suck. The weekend killin you
0	I found it poorly performed and since the Nutcracker is one of my favorites, I was disappointed.  Do not download.
0	Horrible. I only bought it because the ex-girlfriend wanted it.  I wish there was a no star rating.
0	Hall & Oates as interpreted by a 1977 Casio wristwatch and a screech owl. This is the best of the first quarter of 2010? No Stars! (well, i guess i have to give this crap one star to get outa here.)Why only 1 blues album?
0	The recording has a very low volume.  When mixing with other recording, songs from this CD are recognizably low in volume, can hardly hear it.  Good songs, bad volume on the CD.  Anyone knows how to turn up the recording volume of MP3s?
0	Sum 41 has no talent.  They are not skilled by any means and the lyrics are just horrible.  If you want something close to decent in the pop-punk genre, try New Found Glory, The Ataris, or maybe older Blink-182 material.  This album is made for stupid punks with no attention span that are in the scene for the wrong reasons.  It kills me to see so many people enjoy this trash when there is so much good music out there.  Don't degrade yourself by buying and supporting this no talent band.  Pick up some AFI or Bad Religion to truly understand the real meaning of being "punk".
0	The mix on this song is awful,the background noise takes over which tells me they are trying to hide a lot of flaws in Nia's voice. She is from the t.v. show" Dance Moms" and should have let Abby Lee Miller produce her song. Abby as she does in everything that she works on puts out excellence songs for the girls she produces. Nia and her mom Holly made a big mistake not using Abby: As this song is awful, even the title is bad what does a 14-15 year old know about staring in your own life ? The cover is tacky,it looks like they used Microsoft Word to spell Nia's name in shadows ! Bad all the way around. Save your money and order Kendall Vertes song "Wear em out" now that's a great song and you can buy it on Amazon for .99 cents. Your picture on the cover should have been centered. Sorry, Nia I'm afraid a music career is not for you.
0	I wish I could give this 5 stars because I really do love the performances on this album. However, the audio quality is seriously lacking on this album. It's as if somebody in the audience recorded it with their iphone. It sounds really thin. That and the lack of a CD release and being stuck with a crappy MP3 format, I really can't give it more than 2 stars. This performance deserves a better treatment and a proper release.
0	I generally like Starbomb's music, for what it is.  And what it is is a blend of pop, rap, video game parody, and novelty music.  As far as those qualities go, the artists haven't deviated from their theme.  However, compared to the first Starbomb album, I felt this was a huge step down.  The songs just aren't as unique, comical, or lively.  Aside from "Smash!", the tracks are pretty forgettable.  Some of the songs make references to the previous album, which might seem like a nice touch, but I felt like it was done more as an attempt to play off a previous song's success rather than as a clever insertion for nostalgia.  I still bought the album to support Egoraptor, whose video game reviews on YouTube I love.  Bought I can't really recommend this album otherwise.
0	This is blasphemy, pure and simple.  To degrade the precious Holy Scriptures in this manner is to degrade our Savior.
0	I never received my download it would never go to the music on my phone I want my money back bc I bought two copies of the song
0	It's totaly amazing that this was created. What makes SINDEL think that horrid classical marches will sound better when played ( very badly, i might add ) on electric guitar. The tones he uses are more annoying then a cat fight under your bedroom window. This is totaly unlistenable garbage that has no merrit whatsoever. This might well be the worst cd I've ever bought. I hope this will be the total extent of SINDEL's musical offerings. PUTRID !
0	I just finished downloading (from the cloud) and there's a problem.  Four of the tracks will not play on Windows Media Player or on Winamp (on a Windows XP system). The bad tracks are:  (disc 1) track 04  (disc 1) track 08  (disc 2) track 10  (disc 2) track 13 If I try to open them in Windows Media Player, nothing happens; the name doesn't even appear in the playlist. If I try to open them in Winamp, then (disc 1) track 01 (Canon) plays instead!  I believe that the problem is caused by the file name/path being too long.  Windows won't even let you rename them in the normal way.  UPDATE: I've found a workaround to the file problem, which is listed at the end of this review.*  ALSO:  Several of the tracks are NOT relaxing, IMHO.  For example, disc 1 track 9 (Violin Sonata) has several passages that become quite loud and full of angst.  not relaxing to me.  Disc 2 track 4 (Ballade No. 1) has several sections that are quite loud and heavy-handed, and a section near the end that is quite agitated.  Disc 2 track 10 (Sonata for Two Pianos) begins quietly, but has several passages that become quite loud and aggressive.  Disc 2 track 16 (Minuet in G) has a few sections that are downright bombastic, with the piano hammering out the bass line in octaves while the orchestra plays fortissimo.  Indeed, classical music is not necessarily intended to be soporific.  But the selection on this pair of MP3 "discs" seems to be quite erratic.  To point out just one glaring example:  where is Brahms' Lullabye?  Buy this as a general sampler, if you like.  But do NOT expect to be relaxed and lulled to sleep when it's finished.  * FILE REPAIR SOLUTION  As I suspected, the problem is the excessive length of the file name and "path" (the entire route that the computer takes to get to the files).  Windows allows a maximum of 255 characters for the path + name.  By default, when you download these, Amazon will put them in this path: C:\Documents and Settings\All Users\Documents\Amazon\Various Artists\A Collection of the Most Relaxing Classical Music in the Universe\ That's 135 characters right there, which leaves 120 characters for the track name.  Now let's consider the name of one of the non-functional files: (disc 2) 10 - Sonata for Two Pianos in F minor, Op. 34b_ II. Andante, _un poco adagio_ - Sonata for Two Pianos in F minor, Op. 34b_ II. Andante, _un poco adagio_.mp3 That's 165 characters.  So the total is 135 + 165 = 300 characters, well over the 255-character limit.  Windows just can't handle that!  As a workaround, after you have downloaded all the files, navigate to the folder as listed above.  Temporarily rename the folder something very short, like "XYZ" (without the quotation marks).  That's 65 characters shorter than the original file name.  Now the totals are under 255 characters, so Windows will let you rename the individual files.  Go through and chop out all the duplicate information.  In the example given above, you'll cut out 72 characters, leaving a total of 93 characters.  Do this for all the tracks.  Finally, if you want, you can go back and rename the folder to something reasonable, like "Relaxing Classical Music" which will give you a total length of 94 characters.  If you add the new file name (from the example above) which is 93 characters, you'll see that you end up with a total of 187 characters, well UNDER the 255 character limit.  Of course one wonders:  Why didn't Amazon think about this, and use a reasonable album name, and file names WITHOUT duplication, in the first place.  MY CONCLUSION:  Given that at least four of the tracks are NOT relaxing, and you'll have to spend at least 15 minutes screwing around to fix the file naming errors, IMHO this collection just isn't worth the trouble, even if it's free to begin with.  Of course if you're really hard up for music that is MAYBE relaxing. go for it.  Personally, I think Amazon could and should do a better job.  I know I would, if I worked for them.
0	The first and only album I haven't liked from Floyd since Final Cut
0	His commentary around the song on this version of Live at Massey Hall was sarcastic and disrespectful to the man who lived on the ranch. I'd seen a Youtube clip of him at Massey Hall where he talked about buying the ranch and how an older man lived there and he'd written the song for him. It was kind, and touching, and the song itself was great. Look for another year at Massey Hall, I am!
0	It doesn't work, I bought it 2 or 3 times This was a digital purchase
0	I managed to listen to this entire album without buying it.  That was one of the best things I've done.  Let me say up front that I don't care a whit about Ms. Winehouse's personal life. And I have no problem with "odd" voices (or even weak voices when the music is right, ala Eric Clapton).  Here, I just don't see what all the fuss is about.  The voice is pedestrian, the style is borrowed, the arrangements are second rate, the songs are, in my view, incredibly boring, and the overall product quality is nil.  I have a wide range of taste, from Bob Dylan to Janis Joplin to Antonio Carlos Jobim to classical.  I see or hear no reason to purchase Ms. Winehouse's warblings because they just aren't good enough . they're BORING!
0	I didn't realize that Zappa had more than one recorded version of Peaches En Regalia.  The version on Hot Rats merits 5 stars.  This version left me GREATLY DISSAPOINTED.
0	Rip off, not the song it claims to be. it's someone speaking in another language.
0	This is a very superb piece of worship music!  Except that it is cut at the end.  tragic end for such a fine piece of music.  This music is on a par with Heilig, by Schubert, sung by the Choir of Trinity College, Cambridge.  These two are in a class by themselves as beyond superb.  However, this one is ruined by being cut short at the end, before the music is finished.
0	Not even going to bother with this unless they are 320kb quality. Why even bother with something low quality? seriously.
0	I like to pick out 3 songs on an album that I would play on my fantasy AOR radio program. I can't find 1 here. Just when I think I like what I'm hearing they find a way to blow the deal. Almost every song is overplayed. Talented guitar but little feel for restraint and focus which sends most songs off the road. Recalculating ! Weak lyrics and vocals and unfocused arrangements dominate the CD. They can surely play but need some serious direction. Will Jennings greatest advice for Peter Wolf was to keep it simple stupid. These guys could use his help, and get a singer. Could end up being somebody.
0	My mother and i absolutely love josh groban and this song. But we were VERY disappointed when it only played the first verse and the chorus like five more times. VERY DISAPPOINTING rendition
0	I know lots of folks love this album. I have been a huge BOC fan since they started in 72. I cannot listen to this album. Except for the remake of Astronomy, the songs are awful. BOC always have great songs, very melodic, a pleasure to listen to. This is not true on this album. One bad album out of all their albums is not a tragedy. They continue to put out good albums to this day. I'll be seeing them yet again in San Francisco on July 20. I guarantee they won't be playing any songs from this dog. It's all taste anyway. To those who love it, enjoy it for me, because I cannot.
0	I was pretty disappointed with this album. I was expecting to hear the energy and killer guitar work I'd been seeing on her videos. It just wasn't there for me. I will still play it but it won't be one of my favorites. My advice would be get a new producer.
0	BWB is a great collaboration, but this album dropped the ball. Every other track is a watered down "singing" song that doesn't rightly fit in any genre. The others are fairly consistent with BWB's usual work. I'm not sure what intent for that was, but the next album needs to be smooth jazz through and through, not this.
0	I just came here to read the description, trying to figure out why this showed up on a prime search for Christian music. Three is nothing Christian about it. If anything it's New Age.
0	with no doubt in my mind this is the worst unplugged album I've seen. Katty Perry simply is a studio artist. Does not worth to see her live singing.  BAD BAD BAD
0	Not traditional music, very synthesized new native music - not what I was expecting.
0	The album is great so don't think the stars are for that. It gets lower star rating because it's censored. The sad thing is that the Amazon store kinda doesn't tell you this. When you buy a album uncut it will be labeled [explicit] but one that is clean has nothing like [censored] or [clean] next to it.  Jim Gaffigan now is basically a clean comedian and thus I didn't think anything of there not being a label for being explicit but this album was done before he became a clean comic and as such as some swearing in it and the censoring is enough to ruin it.  I think amazon needs to label something as edited or censored so people don't get screwed over. I know I'm not the only one who had this problem and this isn't the only album for which this is a issue.  Again great album but buy the CD so you get it uncut and skip the download.
0	I have been a HUGE fan of Chicago's for the past 30 years and I must say I am very disappointed with this album.  Like many Chicago fans I am partial to the "Classic Chicago" that peaked in the early seventies.  These were the times in which the band had a diversity of styles and vocalists (Robert Lamm, Terry Kath, and Peter Cetera) however, as most fans know, the "Peter Cetera" sound tended to dominate their work in the late seventies and early eighties.  So, one might ask, what was I expecting?  For starters I was expecting more contributions from Lamm and Jimmy Pankow.  Although I'm sure Jimmy had a big part in the horn arrangements, he didn't contribute a single song.  Robert contributed very little, too.  If you watch one of the Chicago concert DVDs or get to see them live, you will agree that this band still has it.  I have to wonder what they have been doing 9from a compositional standpoint) for the last 15 years?  Robert Lamm's solo release "Subtlety and Passion" (S&P)is an excellent effort.  And in many ways it seems more "Chicago" than XXX.  Why couldn't Robert have saved some of his material (i.e. Somewhere Girl) for this new release?  Instead the album is dominated by Jason Scheff's slow ballads - which seem to be doing exactly what the band that Cetera did.  There are some funky mixes here, but what are they?  They sure don't seem too Chicago.  And then there are the horns.  Everybody knows that the "Chicago Horns" gave the band its trademark distinction.  While the horns seem to be wonderfully integrated on Lamm's S&P, on XXX they seem to be an added afterthought - forced and contrived.  Also, the cheesy 80's percussion mixing sound of their "Hot Single Mix" Free just make it seem, as if instead of trying to create inspiring music as they once did, they are trying too hard to reach the commercial masses with a single.  These guys are talented musicians.  They don't need to prove themslelves to anybody. Where is their integrity?  Simply put, I feel this album is a huge missed opportunity.
0	Would not let me play the song exception#184.
0	Purchased but didn't download to my playlist
0	This "artist" leaves a lot to be desired.  I actually tried to listen to a little bit of this and and keep an open mind.  But I found myself not being able to get past the first thirty seconds.  It is the same regurgitated drivel that is all too commonly passes for music today.  Save your money or get it on bootleg.  Personally I wouldn't take this for free.  Add to the fact that this artist seems to enjoy the company of thieves, cop killers, drug addicts and ex cons.  Not the kind of person for me.  Natali, if you're reading this, I hope you make some better choices in the future.
0	My favrit Josh Groban ever. I play it every few days. WIsh he would do more showtunes and less opera
0	this is radio friendly garbage these people giving this five stars im not sure if they are real people or work for three doors down
0	This digital copy seemed to be poor quality. I purchased it after listening to it a a billion times on on you tube and it just doesn't sound the same. Excellent song, but I'll continue to use the the YouTube version.
0	This is NOT the original studio version of the song from the LP, it is the live version from the Chuck Berry film, "Hail! Hail! Rock N Roll." It's misleading to label it "re-mastered" when it is a different version from the original.
0	A few days ago I bought the sisters' album Festival, and loved every single song.  Based on that, I sampled all the songs on this album to see if I should download it.  After hearing these songs, I definitely will not be purchasing this album.  The girls are definitely beautiful, all right.  It's easy to see why they're so well-loved because of it.  But on this album, their voices haven't matured enough to enjoy listening to, no matter how pretty they are.  Skip this album and move onto their later works, where they don't sing with little girl voices and their song selection is a little more mature.
0	There are many releases of "The World of Nat King Cole" (others with 27 to 52 songs) which importantly include the brilliantly done "Unforgettable" duet where Natalie sings along with his original version.  This is a chopped down version of the album with the same title and if you are going to spend your hard earned dollars, you are better off skipping this one for one of the others.
0	I really didn't like the music. I expected it to be Christmas themed and exuberant like the other TSO albums I have. The few instrumentals were pretty good, but the other selections were boring.
0	This is the most overrated, overhyped, overpraised, annoying band in history!  The intense praise this band gets is downright sickening.  How can anybody honestly think that Nirvana "saved rock n roll"?  If you ask me, Nirvana, and any other grunge band for that matter, is about as far from being a rock and roll band as anybody can get.  Rock and roll is supposed to be fun, catchy, toe tapping fun.  In the 70s and 80s, just about all rock music was about ENTERTAINMENT!  It felt good to listen to!  Life was good!  But then in 1992 along came Nirvana with their angst ridden suicide music, and rock was never really the same again.  Everybody was miserable.  Nobody had any fun any more.  If a band showed even the slightest sign of having a good time, then that band was "cheesy" and "stuck in the 80s".  Stuck in the 80s?  Well, if making music for entertainment purposes only, and not using it as an outlet to whine about your personal problems is an "80s" thing to do, then the 80s is where I want to stay!  Grunge makes you feel like killing yourself.  In the 90s I used to like grunge, and I went through a period of severe depression.  But in '99 I took all my Nirvana, Pearl Jam, Soundgarden, and Alice in Chains CDs and I burned them!  And then I spent the rest of the afternoon grooving to arena rock bands!  And my depression instantly disappeared!  I was finally happy for the first time in 3 years, and I owe it all to ditching my grunge CDs.  I don't recommend Nirvana or any other grunge band to anybody.  Grunge is the most depressing music in the world, and basically just encourages you to hang yourself.  It causes depression and suicide!  Don't poison your mind with this morbid garbage!  Stay away from grunge!
0	I am a huge fan going way back, so I won't say directly that it sucks (but it definitely lacks gravitational pull). Bob's tar-lunged croak is now absolutely intollerable here on these Christmas standards! The zydeco arrangement on "Must Be Santa" is kinda fun, but his shredded voice just makes me imagine that I am listening to someone with a blocked tracheostomy tube.  I feel this CD could be a powerful learning tool for middle school health classes. Students would listen and compare Nashville Skyline with this dreck and thus learn an impacting life lesson on the dangers of cigarettes.
0	This is not the version that was sampled by Mobb Deep. I have yet to find that version for sale. This is not a good substitute in my opinion.
0	Doll Revolution has one major flaw.  Only a few of the songs showcase Susanna Hoffs on lead vocals.  (I love to hear her sing.)  If you purchase this album and enjoy Hoffs' voice, you'll be left wanting more.  While I applaud the idea of trying something new, it didn't work here.  The Bangles need Hoffs on lead vocals.  It's just that simple.
0	I had to pay to listen to this song even tho I'm a prime member and it is prime music!
0	I think this song is worse than Perfect Strangers. I am pretty disappointed in this band. I think I'm gonna stick to listening to music that I already know or bands that are more popular.
0	A rehash of very old Willie.  50 poorly recorded cuts of the 'early' years.  Total disappointment.  Look for better collection.
0	Not what I was looking for- I wanted a reading of the sanskrit, the word for word definitions and the translation. The subject matter is beyond proase and the quality of the recording is well done and is best for a first time listening of this great literature, so the 3 stars only express my disappointment in what was lacking. Also, I personally find the music distracting from the serious meditation this work requires. The sanskrit mantras, when they are present and accurately read, are music enough.
0	I don't know if it's Amazon's fault, but it seems like the sound mixing on the MP3 is bad.  Too much treble, muddy in the midrange, and the bass is lacking, or maybe it's just overshadowed by the treble.  Listening to this track on my regular speakers does not normally make my ears- literally, not figuratively- hurt.  I'm so thankful for programs like Audacity (sound manipulation program) so I can balance it out myself, but I shouldn't have to.
0	I'm a huge matisyahu follower, and listen to ever other album he has released cover to cover on a regular basis it seems like. I'll keep it simple, this is what happens when amazing unique artists go pop and mainstream. I like the song sunshine a lot, but the others just seem so bland and padded up with beats and effects. It's pretty depressing I'm writing this review right now.
0	I'm not normally a fan of remixes, and in this case there is no exception. If you have not bought the original OneRepublic album (Dreaming Out Loud) that has this song on it, you are missing out. I understand Timbaland helped OneRepublic get started, but there is no reason for taking credit for someone else's song.  I feel that Timbaland's contribution to the sound/mix of the song could easily have been left out. I much prefer the original mix to this version.
0	Horrible. Don't buy it. I'd rather suck puke through a straw. This is the worst song I've ever heard. Yuk.
0	George Carlin was a man who was talented in many different aspects. He was creative and every time I listened to his other shows, I laughed so hard I had to stop the recording before I choked. His unique way of looking at the world combined with his mastery of language made George Carlin stand out from others in his field.  This album is not creative nor funny. It's just hateful. Mostly it is just ranting about how evil cops, fireman and snitches are, as well as fart and enema jokes.  Go listen to something else from his career if you want amazing comedy, because you will not find it here.
0	Don't expect too much.  However, she was somewhat better than others I have heard. Was okay, but disappointing. So-So client
0	It's a pretty song, with great vocals, but I'm not sure about the lyrics/message. Once I downloaded and listened to it in it's entirety I was displeased- sounds rather morbid to me. Not a great choice for a Christmas song. Sure it has a Christmas-y SOUND, but if you really listen, it's not about anything to do with Christmas. Is it just me, or do the selections this year seem kind of lousy thus far? I really enjoyed this 25 days of free downloads advent-type "calendar" last year. I looked forward to getting up every day to download the latest. It made for a GREAT collection of Christmas songs, arrangements I was not familiar with. This year is disappointing by comparison.
0	Warped upon arrival and water marks all over. does not play correctly and unable to return. Do not recommend.
0	This was a single cd and if i would have known that i would have not ever purchased it. Thanks
0	The Killers' were one of the hot bands out there. They caught most people with their bombastic, overly-stylish music, they also made a lot of enemies making their style over substance music.  Musically their style has not changed much, but their attitude has changed greatly for their own demise.  The Killers' tried to show their depth to win some more fans, but in doing this they showed that nothing was there.  The lyrics come off as weird (in a bad way) and stupid; Plus, the sound of Flowers' voice doesnt fit the songs at all.  The illusion and wit was better than nothing (plain stupidity), and while this album may be slightly deeper, it is not an improvement.  I had thought that the Killers should drop Flowers and now I truly believe that.  His voice is like a honking seal that hurts the ears and this album doesnt play to his carefree bombastic style that makes him sound OK.  The Killers could not sucessfully change from a glam-rock band to something deeper and Flowers is one of the main problems (I would hate to see him live).  In doing this they have not improved their music and have lost fans. FYI - I was not in love with their first album, so this has nothing to with expectations.  And I did not hate their last album, so I am not solely a Killers basher. Overall - 4/10, I pronounce the Killers dead . Wait! It seem some still think the are the best thing ever (you know you are in love if you like Flowers' voice).  P.S. While the song "When You Were Young" is pretty good, it is by far the best song on the album and yes it is fairly stupid.
0	There were only a few songs i liked. not what i expected.
0	The bad news is that even though this album transported me back to 1986, the music was just as awful as I remembered it. Serious hair metal, here. I listened to the whole album through Prime music (thanks, Amazon) and decided that even though this is getting glowing reviews, Stryper just isn't for everyone.
0	In general I dislike live recordings, for two reasons. In an actual concert, audiences are often ill-behaved and unforeseeable issues always come into play that affect the performance of the day. No artist should ever be nailed down to an interpretation made under circumstances over which he or she had only partial control - as if that was the artist's last word on the music. This is grossly unfair, and reviews rarely acknowledge the difference, but treat live and studio recordings even as rivals for a vision of a work. Let me put it this way: If I audition a work and read the score, I can be annoyed and distracted by traffic noises, dogs barking and children screaming if they impinge on my hearing, and it is no different with all the extraneous noises that a live performance may enshrine. So my purpose is defeated. It is a different matter if I wish to be an indirect witness at a unique occasion, an opera performance which I have to miss out and can view or hear in my home, when indeed I would fully expect to put with anything for that period of time. Exceptio probat regulam! It can happen that a performance captured in a live session is free of all these chances and disturbances. Call it lucky, if you will, but such recordings exist. The album under review is one such. Moreover it competes head on with another recording of the same forces made in the studio, and it comes off the better. Schubert No. 9 (or 7 or 8, depending on which momentary academic fashion is in force) was recorded by Davis in the context of a complete Schubert issue. It has several defects: (1) The sounds is boxy and dull, painting an overall grey over the sounds made by this otherwise magnificent orchestra. (2) Davis plays all the repeats in every movement. For a studio reading, this is idiotic, since it makes all the movements much longer than their natural content would warrant, without adding anything other than the same music again. (3) The performance is routine all the way through, Davis having one of his most uninspired days. All 3 points conduce to an unutterably boring account, saved only by the splendid playing of the orchestra. Another time, H&auml;nssler's engineers were on hand to open the mikes during a live performance. On that day, Davis produced something entirely different. He was alive and alert, judged tempi judiciously and (I suspect) played to the audience instead of the microphones. Moreover he cut the repeats down and suddenly the whole architecture of the work makes sense. Events played out inside of the work acquire deeper meaning because climaxes are not repeated, but make their point in the unfolding of the drama once and for all (mvmts 1, 4), melodies are not trundled along mindlessly a dozen times (mvmts 3, 4), and most importantly the vivacity of most of mvmts 1 and 4 is not sacrificed to academic criteria, but to a situation of living music making. Even the sound is an improvement on the studio recording. The question remains in the end where to place these recordings. But I think I have answered that question implicitly. The studio recording might be located in an arbitrary place near all the other indifferently conceived, but well played recordings - e.g. in the vicinity of Muti, Karajan, Ormandy, Steinberg (Boston) et al. The live recording moves up a considerable number of slots. It is not top class, as defined by the classic recordings of Krips, B&ouml;hm and Wand (Berlin), but in the company of otherwise excellent issues such as Blomstedt (Dresden), Bernstein (Concertgebouw), Giulini (Chicago), Tennstedt and Solti. An honourable place, even if the last ounce of conviction is lacking. (PS The album you are contemplating at the moment is the studio recording).
0	It's a good song but Nicky Minaj is featured. I don't like the way she sings
0	Not the same sound as the original version. Sounds like a different singer! Yuck.
0	i don't see what everyone sees in this dude. this albums sucks his beats are only appealing because of sampling. lyrics are straight garbage as usual people WAKE UP LOOK BEHIND POPPY BEATS AND MAINSTREAM APPEAL! u wanna hear some real hiphop look for dudes like elzhi and reks.
0	This is just  terrible song period. It's just bad. It really makes little sense. It was written to elicit a heart felt response, but instead you just roll your eyes and wonder how it managed to see the light of day.
0	To begin I do not pretend to be recording/sound engineer of any kind once so ever, however, this album as stated by other fellow disenchanted listeners sounds rather empty.  The sheer sound of each song along resembles something up and coming artist from the late 90's would have have submitted to companies as a demo.  I understand being an artist and expanding the bounardies, but with this album I fail to see that expansion, and if anything, the feel appears to be reflecting the mood, not neccessairly the words, of the so-called economic recovery of the United States.  Overall, if this were his first album, it would receive a higher rating, but it is not.  I truly find it amazing that Jack Johnson insists on using renewable sources of energy to power his recording sessions; I just find it hard to believe what with all the recording software out there that this dry, hollow, and virtually flat sound was the best he and his engineers could come up with.  If this is supposed to sell people on the Green movement and its approach to recording, I suggest finding someone else.
0	This particular Sky Records digital album is being sold without Jarboe's approval. Do not support this particular download.
0	I wish I could give this album less than a star. The charlatan of a husband begged for people to give good reviews on this garbage. Snake oil salesman Josh Feuerstein is now pimping out his own wife in his never ending scheme to make money off of poor lost sheeple. Josh will soon have his children do kids bop christian albums for sure. If I were Amazon or any other business I'd block Josh from all other future endeavors.
0	Great version of this tune. This and Dread Zeppelin's version are both very cool for different reasons. However, it is fuzzy sounding, and doesn't quite play through to the end chopping off about 5 seconds. I will try to get a refund. It is so much better sitting at my home theater watching the credits of the movie. The visuals add more than you can know.
0	I was very excited to locate a jazz version of Whitney's songs as i,m the biggest fun. Once the cd arrived i put it on and i was extremely disappointed. Very bad jazz versions of the best ever lady singer on earth. I was so discussed ed i through it in the bin.
0	Mac Millier's getting lazy with his writing. Hip hop is more then just refurring to every woman as a b* or a ho and making millions and that's all this guy thinks it's about. It gets redundant real fast.
0	Full disclosure, I have not listened to this entire album.  It was just too awful.  Look, the bottom line, this album is 40 years too late.  If this has been released in the 1970's when everyone was on psyc drugs, then I'm sure it would've been a HUGE hit.  But this is 2014.  It just doesn't work.
0	I buy this calendar hoping that it would have several different pictures of the eight Doctors. They should have name it Dr. Who and Daleks Calendar. Almost all the pictures are from the Peter crushing movie or comic book-like pictures. There is only one of Tom Baker and one of John Petwee. This calendar should be only for major Dr. Who and Dalek fans.
0	I'd rather donate my money to a corrupt charity[.].  Reasons why 50 cent is the best! 1. I can relate to his lyrics "in da club" and "pimp" 2. Hes on the radio and mtv all day! (which means hes talented) 3. He has talent! because he doesnt play any instruments.
0	I wanted the song so bad that I also ordered the re-mix but did not know that it was the Album.  I don;t have a turntable to play it on.  I have no use for it.
0	Wondering why I was charged for a song that was on Amazon Prime music.  What happened to free?
0	Occasional (just a few but enough to keep you awake if you are trying to drift off) popping noises and brief seconds where there is no sound occasionally. Only found this with his recordings and I have not tried them all. Wish I could "return" this purchase as I won't be listening again. :/
0	A great slow song.  I loved this slow song when I was a teen in high school.  I think it came out immediately after "If I Ever."  I thought the tall one was sooooooo fiiiiiiine!  Not too long after, I became a freshman in college.  Music has always been a great companion of mine.  Their unison's are great.  Harmonies A+.  Their tenor and baritone voices are great in this song.  It's a classic.  They remind me of the guys from "The Platters," I think that's my grandparents generation.
0	I have been a fan of Buffy and James Marsters for years, but was not thrilled with this at all. The music was boring and not as exciting as his brief singing spots on Buffy. I'd pass on this one.
0	DeRosa was never funny but road the coattails of Opie and Anthony to mediocre success. With that gone, my guess is he will be doing open mike nights and selling dime bags in 2 years while staying with Andy Kindler in his studio
0	Alright, this song is actually so horrible that I couldn't help myself from writing a review.  It consists of minimal beats on an MPC that a 5 year old most likely did.  The most annoying part of the song is the repeated "You don't know!" that plays over and over again to imply the listener didn't hear it the first 3 times.  The final "You don't know!" ends with a horrible pitch shift downward due to a very inexperienced singer.  Don't throw away your money, and if it's on the radio change the station!
0	I am a HUGE MANOWAR fan since 1982.  I have a tattoo of MANOWAR on my right arm.  I have seen the band live probably 12 times both in the US and in Europe, and have met them personally on occasion.  It pains me to say it but this album is horrid.  Yes, the production is poor but that is not the main problem.  The songs themselves would not have made ANY of teh previous albums.  (I liked Gods of War).  This is the first MANOWAR album I have heard (and I have heard them ALL - many times) that lays totally flat, sounds bad, and does not have a single song that I find worthy.  I would not expect many, or any, of these tracks to make it to a live show.  I am still a fan of the band, I always will be, but I need to call it what it is; horrid.
0	I only purchased this more for posterity than anything. It's a dreadful recording and the vocals on 2nd Chapter are down right ear piercing, not in a good way. I remember being so much better, then again we all thought early Christian rock/folk music was delightful.
0	I think that I must have got a bad copy because this SACD sounds awful ! it sounds like a cd from 1985
0	The beat is choppy over typical 80's rythym.  You get the feeling of a James Bond film.  I think I did hear it @ the beginning of a James Bond film.   I always thought Duran Duran  was from England.
0	I downloaded this song based on the clip, without having any knowledge that there's a spoken-word ending that contains a racial slur.  The spoken word portion has a good point that I agree with overall, but it renders this song unplayable in my household.  I wish I could return an MP3.  I'm utterly, utterly furious that this did not contain an expletive warning.  I now have serious doubts about downloading other song from Amazon without being able to preview them in their entirety.
0	Made in AUT in 1996, Serial# 33215-2, Playing Time 51:45 This is album #9 from Canada's self-proclaimed "Metal Queen", and represents a drastic departure in style and sound texture from her previous albums. "Emotional Rain", her previous album, displayed more subdued rock and better polished melodies than its predecessors, but this present album switches gears into what I call the "nowhere rock" genre. I like LA's singing, and "LA&2P" demonstrates her talents. But everything around that is a great disappointment. From the opening notes of the first track, in which the vocals seemed to have been recorded in a large underground garage (maybe it was), I was afraid this album would be a musical catastrophe: the instrumentation is basic, poorly recorded, but mostly pointless: it's music without melody or purpose, and even though some of the arrangements are at times (but rarely) adequate, you won't be captivated by any of it. This album was a 1-off: her latest, "Slick Chick", is a tribute to swing: talk about lack of constant direction! Perhaps this will be enjoyable to people ignorant of Lee's previous albums, since they'll have nothing to compare it with. But if you're somewhat familiar with albums like "Powerline", "Bodyrock" or "Metal Queen", be careful this time: try to borrow a copy from someone else first, or listen to some song samples: this is no "traditional" Lee Aaron.
0	this remake of dylans music is almost unrecognizable and disturbing to the ear. it was sad. as i like ben sidran's style but this is a joke and i was super sad i ordered it. mr sidran is from my home town and i wanted to support him, the local reviews were favorable. but it is awlful and i will put it in to my resale or charity box for the next drop off trip.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Dylan-Different/dp/B002UPQ1Q0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Dylan Different</a>
0	There seems to be a concerted effort by a number of fans to boost the ratings of this CD by posting glowing reviews, so it's going to be slightly more challenging to decipher what is a genuinely great review and one coming from a fan who would give 5* to a recording of Groban reading the telephone directory. I also presume, therefore, that any reviews that are not favourable will come with a 2/17 people found this review of use attached. All I can say is that if you are considering purchasing this CD, are not a self-confessed music starved Groban fan who is just happy to hear new music after several years, and if you have access to listen to it via a streaming service - take the opportunity to listen to it first before buying it. The mixed reviews really do indicate that this album is polarising listeners and fans, not least because the greater abundance of falsetto that has crept in. You may enjoy it, but I would try before you buy first.  My own personal thoughts -  I will freely admit that I was never a serious fan of the early work Groban did with David Foster and I don't view this as a Foster v Rubin thing, so this isn't a hankering for a return to the older style recordings. In fact, I was eagerly anticipating this album based on what Groban had said about changing direction. He had actively played that up in interviews and the choice of working with Rick Rubin seemed to indicate this, as did his live version of "Changing Colours" which I really do enjoy a great deal and listen to often. However, I don't feel that he's done that. And yet, at the same time, I think he's charged off in many different directions. I just do not know what to make of this album, even after forcing myself to listen to it for a dozen times or so when I'd rather have left it alone. I'm aware that some albums require work to grow on you, hence I wanted to give it a chance, but this isn't happening. Sadly it's the opposite effect and every time I listen, there is a reinforcement of why I do not enjoy it and can't face listening to some of the tracks. The Nick Cave cover? Massive orchestral arrangement. An Italian song? Massive orchestral arrangement. London Hymn? I'm expecting to hear it booming out of Westminster Abbey any time soon and terrifying me with shock. Interspersed with songs that are, I presume, the stripped-down sound Groban was hoping to achieve. To me, it just doesn't flow or have any coherence as an album. I just feel that it's trying to be so many different things, and in doing so it unfortunately misses the mark.  I find the lyrics at times to be simplistic and a bad stereotype of what love is often written as; I honestly believe that Groban, judging from Awake's "February Song", can express a far greater depth of emotion than he does here. Some of the harsher remarks regarding the reactions of laughter at some lyrics that are expressed in some reviews are, I probably can guess, even holding back on saying what they really want to because they have a great respect for Groban and are concerned with being skewered like a kebab by fans. Having said that, I certainly do remain a fan and hope he continues to grow as an artist and experiments musically - even if it sometimes misses the mark.  I can't face giving this one star, because I don't want to relegate it to that level and I genuinely do applaud artists for attempting to push their own boundaries. But I wish I would have waited before ordering the CD - like another reviewer, I can't cancel the order winging its way over the Atlantic. Sadly it's staying in the packaging, to be gifted to someone that I'm probably not that close to.  Edited to add -  I have noticed some commenting regarding what I said about fans posting positive reviews because of a perceived backlash to the album. My comments came as a result of a thread on his official boards, [.], entitled "Be sure to leave a 4 or 5 star review on Amazon.com. The CD could use them." I merely think that people who are not fans, and who are wanting to spend their money on listening to what could be a new artist to them, should hear a balance of opinions. JG fans have (rightly or wrongly) a reputation as being aggressively protective towards him, and whilst all the positive reviews are very clearly not aimed at merely boosting the rating of this album, many of them explaining very honestly and in detail what they like about the music - that thread was sent as a link to many fans, and as such it could have an impact on here. I think it's only fair to point that out and people can then decide for themselves.
0	She cannot even do a soft song without it being at the Schubert or O'Neil Theater. I would suggest you get the ala carte from her massive library here at iTunes. There ARE some great things.
0	I'm sick of the crap being played on the radio instead of great bands like Killswitch Engage, In flames, As I Lay Dying, Lamb of god, Ect. Now thats real music. Not this crap. The only reason this guys even popular is because he got shot nine times. In a few years rap will die just like disco. Then metal will rule the world once again.
0	He tried something new, but it did not work.
0	Absolutely no information about how to improve your emotional intelligence. An endless dialogue promoting an emotional intelligence course and stating really obvious reasons why we need it, for exampl,e because of violent behaviour and conditions like eating disorders. A complete and utter waste of  money and time. This depressing and boring diatribe may in fact lower your emotional intelligence, but will certainly line the pockets of Daniel Goleman. Don't waste your money on this no-help-whatsover book.
0	Great cd, but the person I sent it to is in prison and there wasn't a purchase invoice with it so the person wasn't allowed to receive it. Very disappointing.
0	I wish she would have covered lesser known songs by obscure [to the masses] songwriters.  Turn me on to something new vs having me compare her version to the well known one.  And come on, taking on The Boss' version of Tougher Than The Rest? Who advised you?
0	If you like the movie you love the soundtrack, I know I did
0	This track doesn't work! Played once and that was it! Gave one star because I received a prompt refund. Hope this helps.
0	I thought Karaoke lyrics came with the music.  I'd buy more if I knew the lyrics came with it as in other Karoake music
0	When I purchased this product it would not download.  I could get no help from Amazon. It wasn't worth pursuing it for 99 cents.
0	This skips too many lines.  She reads lines 1-7 then skips 8-12. Reads 13-30, then skips 31-38. Reads 39-42 SKIPS AGAIN 43-66! At first I didn't know what was going on. Disappointed and not worth the money.
0	ain't nothing like 2 crackheads in love brings back memories doesn't it remember when they both hooked up cocaine was indeed a hell of a drug.
0	It is advertised as the explicit version , it isn't
0	We ordered early and waited with bated breathe. But this just wasn't up to her usual. It felt like she was trying hard to address a younger, less universal audience. It also felt like she had forced the new songs - they didn't flow. And the male vocal did not mix with her voice. Disappointing.
0	Strong political views that are ranted about through the media. Refuse to listen to it a second time.
0	Where is the woodwind obbligato? The break strain? And what's with the stinger?! This is not the real "Go U!"
0	This "soundtrack" was downloaded on a whim, after I came across it while looking for another music title.  I remember hearing other similar flowing water/creek soundtracks, and thought that this would be similar; but was disappointed.  I thought that this recording seemed fake, as if made by a synthesizer (or in a bathroom).  The track also seemed to be a 10-12 second recording on a continuous loop.  Like you, I base my purchase decisions on the experiences of others.  If you liked my review, or felt that it was helpful to you, then please let me know by clicking yes below.  I would also be happy to answer any questions that you may have about this product.  Thanks!  My reviews are real, and typically based on weeks of actual product usage.  My opinions are not copied from other reviews, and are from my own personal experiences.
0	I did not enjoy this album as much as the previous albums.
0	This song becomes more and more depressing as time goes along so I deleted it.
0	Man I hate getting my hopes up only to be disappointed. The hype over this album was said that it was supposed to be the best produced album in years by Jackyl. That might be true, but the materiel wasn't worth producing well to begin with.  There is a bunch of filler among a couple of meh songs. Not one single song here sticks out above the rest as the best song on the album. They all are a mediocre at best rating. Nothing here is worthy of being added to the live set or worthy of being added to the listing of Jackyls 'best of'.  Usually I like when Jackyl do cover versions, but even "Everyone's a winner" here is a song that is just meh, not a song I liked before and still don't. The only track that seemed to have anything going for it was the final one, but then again, how many times is Jessie Dupree going to try and write the same song? Enough with the "Rev it up and go" already. The same can be said for "Just because i'm drunk". it's just a watered down version of "Secret of the bottle".  I don't get why some have already said "Rally" is a favorite of theirs? The song sounds silly with lyrics "Rally, Rally, Rally, Uga, Chugga, Ugga Chugga". really? Was this inspired by wanting to see a rally car being driven by that 20 year old dancing baby animation thing? Not to mention the chorus seems to be something they slapped over another song and it sounds out of place together.  This album has failed to rock me, roll me or jackly me off in any way. Sure, the production is good, but you know what they say about something in particular that you can polish. The attempt at a deeper sound of metal too doesn't seem right for Jackyl. It sounds more like them trying anything to keep current, and thats not why fans stick with them.  I haven't given up hope, and think Jackyl can still bounce back, but they sure are not the same band they once where. They really need to find themselves again and work out what made their first couple of albums great. Nothing here is worthy of being noteworthy of a Jackyl classic.
0	Most likely not the song you remember. Check the preview first.
0	Very slick only giving the weeknd a single hook verse otherwise he would have killed this song. Very dissapointed don't buy if you're looking for the weeknd
0	This review is directed at the vendor as opposed to the actual album. Do not buy from New Chapter Recycling, this record shipped in a plain white cover (and damaged at that!) instead of the original cover as seen in the pic. Ridiculous, sending back and ordering from another vendor.
0	I've followed Planetshakers for several years now and I own all of their albums. I've never been a big fan of their songwriting. When compared to songwriters like Daniel Bashta, Hillsong, Brian Johnson, David Crowder, Jeremy Riddle and similar artists, PS lyrics always seem elementary. like very surface level. They just make words rhyme and repeat phrases rather than dig deep for words that convey real meaning. But what they lacked in songwriting, they always MORE than compensated for in musicianship. Their songs have been driven by ripping guitars and jammin' drums. I've bought the albums only for their edgy rock sound.  With this new album, the blazing guitars and smooth drum fills are missing. They've gone to more of an electronic sound with a little lead guitar sprinkled in and boring "4-on-the-floor" drum patterns. It sounds more like what you'd hear in a disco. Very disappointing. I won't buy more PS albums if this is the direction they continue to take.  For an example of the shallow lyrics, here is the verse & chorus to the title track, Limitless: I'm saying goodbye to any limitation. I'm saying hello to the God of all creation. There are no limits with you. There are no limits with you.  You're limitless, nothing's too hard for you. You're limitless, there's nothing you cannot do. You are bigger, and You're greater and You're stronger I know. You're limitless, You're limitless.  And that's it. Sing the verse twice and the chorus 5 or 6 times.
0	I swear this is a very good parody of Bob Dylan singing of Christmas songs. It is, isn't it? Please tell me it is. Please.
0	very disappointed. the songs I really want it are not on here. but it's still a good CD. if I had known my songs were not here I would not have purchased it.
0	Completely different than any of her older albums. If you like old Rihanna with a pop beat and hard hits, this isn't the album for you.
0	I enjoy music that clearly tells a story; the tone is moving and very enjoyable. What I liked the best is that you can actually understand the words that are sung. Hopefully artist in the future could follow example; where music could be music again.
0	they don't pay me to lie / i am a wayne fan  but not a fan of this  album ? what happen
0	You couldn't tell this was a live recording and I wanted a studio version.
0	The problem with getting the previews is that they never let you hear the ends of song.  I don't know whether the people that put the album together thought they needed to shorten the album, but several of the songs have the last note or two cut off, either completely or right in the middle of a note.  Not a lot of joy there.  I will say that there are some songs on the album that are fine, but getting slammed like that really ruins everything.  I'll probably go through the album again and remove these songs from my device.
0	I really get sad when i hear this new RAP CRAP  on top of the greatest band ever.  i used to go see these guys when nobody even knew who they were. maybe shows of 50 or 75 people. that was the good ol days. God do i miss the House Man!
0	Let me break this down, in a rather incomplex fashion, for all who are either considering the purchase of this CD or just reading the reviews to gripe and moan.  Nirvana, while rebellious, offered NOTHING new, or even creative to the musical landscape of this or any other era.  I understand, and even empathize with all the 'tortured souls' out there, but Cobain didn't speak to you. In fact, he loathed you, as he did all of his loyal fans.  That's the catch twenty two with an anti-everything group such as Nirvana.  In following them, you are actually defying all that they stand (or stood) for, and thus become the antithesis of their idealistic contemporary or true fan.  In fact, by worshipping Nirvana, you actually become the very enemy that Cobain sought to destroy.  Learn this, and accept it. Secondly, the music (please, stop pleading otherwise) was diluted, poorly constructed and almost completely lacked any semblence of complexity OR beauty.  His lyrics were NOT poetic, or abstract, or other-wordly, they were simply the lyrics of a disgruntled and nihilistic elitist.  I also seriously shouldn't need to call any attention to the complete lack of adeptness or training with which Cobain attempted to play the guitar.  Let's simply say that his ability on guitar was less than passing.  In addition, the rest of the band members were also hardly virtuoso's.  So, you can cease in claiming that as well. Thirdly, an album's greatness depends solely on its ability to persevere.  The longevity of an album (inspect this postulate, it shows in what we now consider to be 'classic') is also completely dependent on the diversity of sounds and styles which the album employs.  Time has repeatedly shown this.  And, needless to say, Nevermind, and all other Nirvana albums for that matter, are about as diverse sonically as a ceiling fan.  That's three strikes Nirvana fans.  Yep, (0-3).  So. I'll leave you with a sagacious word (advice, if you will) regarding a better musical path which it isn't too late to pursue.  For the love of God (if one exists) heed my call, the world will experience a profound change for the better if you do. If you are planning on picking up, or playing, or praising, a Nirvana CD, and are doing so because: 1. You despise society, and all that the archetypal American stands for, then you should listen to these albums instead:   The Velvet Underground - The VU and Nico or White Light/White Heat   The Mothers of Invention - Freak Out! or We're Only in It For The Money   The Fugs - The Fugs   Elliott Smith - Elliot Smith or XO   Radiohead - Amnesiac, Kid A, OK Computer, The Bends or Hail to The Thief 2. You have a mild aversion to consumerism and/or love poignant, heartfelt lyrics, then pick up these albums instead:   Leonard Cohen - Songs of Leonard Cohen or Songs of Love and Hate   Wilco - Summerteeth or Yankee Hotel Foxtrot   Bob Dylan - Highway 61 Revisisted, Freewheelin', The Times They Are A-Changin Blonde on Blonde, Another Side of Bob Dylan, or Bringin' It All Back Home   Billy Bragg - William Bloke or Talking with The Taxman About Poetry   Nick Drake - Pink Moon or Five Leaves Left   The Beatles - Sgt. Pepper's, Revolver, Abbey Road, White Album, Rubber Soul etc.   Yo La Tengo - I Can Hear The Heart Beating as One or And then Nothing Turned Itself Inside Out 3. You love heavy rock music and feeling angsty or contemplative, or love gruff or non-traditional sounding vocals, then you should listen to these albums instead:   Television - Marquee Moon   The Flaming Lips - Zaireeka, Yoshimi Battles The Pink Robots or The Soft Bulletin   Captain Beefheart - Safe As Milk, Lick My Decals Off Baby or Trout Mask Replica   Billie Holiday - Lady in Satin or Songs For Distingue Lovers   Van Morrison - Astral Weeks   The Pixies - Surfer Rosa   Morphine - Cure For Pain or Yes   Tom Waits - Rain Dogs or Swordfish Trombones   Jeff Buckley - Grace or Sketches for My Sweetheart The Drunk 4. You simply love a great guitarist, then pick up these albums instead:   Leo Kottke - My Feet are Smiling, Greenhouse or 6 & 12 String Guitar   Robert Johnson - King of The Delta Blues Volumes 1 and 2   Jeff Beck - You Had it Coming, Blow by Blow or Wired   Dillinger Escape Plan - Calculating Infinity   King Crimson - In The Court Of The Crimson King or Starless and Bible Black   Built To Spill - There's Nothing Wrong With Love or Keep It Like A Secret   The Jimi Hendrix Experience - Are You Experienced?, Axis Bold as Love or Electric Ladyland   The Yardbirds - Over Under Sideways Down or Having a Rave Up   Wes Montgomery - Smoking at The Half Note or Full House 5.  You just love well arranged, complex, moving or eclectic music, then pick up these albums instead:   The Zombies - Odyssey and Oracle   The Move - Shazam   Charles Mingus - Pithecanthropus Erectus, Mingus Ah Um! or Oh Yeah   Broken Social Scene - You Forgot it In People   Miles Davis - 'Round About Midnight, Steamin', Cookin', Sketches of Spain or Kind of Blue   Art Pepper - Plus Eleven or Meets the Rhythm Section   Love - Forever Changes or Da Capo   The Byrds -Notorious Byrd Brothers, Turn! Turn! Turn or Younger Than Yesterday   The Band - The Band or Music From Big Pink   Mahavishnu Orchestra - Inner Mounting Flame   Brian Eno - Here Come The Warm Jets or Another Green World  P.S.  If you really desire something profoundly lyrical, read some poetry.  I would suggest Theodore Roethke, T.S. Eliot, Allen Ginsberg or Ezra Pound to any Nirvana listener,established or potential, (or basically to anyone for that matter).
0	Another overrated band to grace the late night TV airwaves. They don't have much to back up their late night acclaim though. Notable songs are lacking, this album sounds like a kid's garage arrangement on some home computer.
0	I heard a lot about this chick Patsy Cline, like she was supposedly a country singer with a BEAUTIFUL voice. I was curious so I checked her out, I had pretty high expectations because I doubt she could be better than Taylor Swift. I think that a 12 song compilation would be enough, and trust me. it WAS enough. The sound quality on this album is horrible and the songs sound really dated, Patsy is also quite ugly and can't carry a tune. After you're done burning this album, also burn anything by Alison Krauss, Emmylou Harris, Loretta Lynn and old Dolly Parton.  Instead listen to REAL female country artists like Shania Twain, Taylor Swift, Carie Underwood, Dixie Chicks, Gretchen Wilson, Reba McEntire and Sugarland.
0	Heard this on a movie and really dug the lyrics. Haven't really listened to it since I downloaded it. The intro was too long for me, and I don't like the vocals they are shaky like there is hardly any talent. Once I heard the whole song the lyrics aren't as impressive as when i heard it on the movie.
0	This review is about the quality of the vinyl, not the quality of the music. My copy of this album skipped several times, most notably on the song "Decks Dark". Always in the exact same spots. As this is unacceptable, I had to send it back.
0	This was a gift for a friend, I never listened to it, but she loved the music.
0	I ordered this CD based on one song I had heard. It turns out that is the ONLY good song on it. The rest of the CD isn't anything I want to listen to. What else can I say? Steer clear.
0	I was disappointed with this purchases.  The songs were not the kind I enjoy.  I believe it sold by Jake's name.
0	I became quite a fan of Otto Bekker after his "Sitar & Electronics" work. I've tried to find other recordings by Okko that might be similar in style. So far I've had only moderate success. "Hybrid Farts" (that name should have been my first clue, if we're even talking about a Bekker CD) Everything is in German which would be fine if it were a few less hard consonant (not really the language of love, is it?) or perhaps not so wordy. For all I know the vocalist could be telling me how to make a great cupcake. And since Okko Bekker should look pretty much the same in English or German, I'm not so sure it's even an Okko Bekker recording. I couldn't find his name anywhere on the CD package. Granted I was horrified by the sounds emanating from my speakers that I didn't look too long before I convinced my self that the German words on the front cover of the CD do not translate as "Hybrid Farts". I think Mr. Bekker has a bit more class than that.  So if you are looking, like me, for something along the lines of his "Sitar & Electronics" CD, which is a true gem, then run as fast as you can in the opposite direction. The music struck me as 21st Century German pub rock with vocals mixed far too loud. Sort of like the end of day rough mix. Until you or I can find a good successor to "Sitar & Electronics", let me suggest anything by Saddar Bazaar or Orient Squeezers. As far as I know there are 2 releases by each band, all 4 records are a magnificent journey on their own.  If anyone know of recordings by my Bekker similar to S&E, please, please leave me the information in a comment to my review.
0	this album counts only "in too deep" and "fat lip" as decent songs. The rest is, well, all filler. And the record is only half an hour long, so there are only about another five complete songs (track one is a reminder of Maiden`s "number of the beast" and track three is 50 seconds long). It makes you wonder if the guys that wrote the two hit singles wrote the rest of the album as well. Piece of advice, tape or download the singles and spend your money on something else.
0	Very disappointed by this CD which I will probably listen to only once.  Elling's interpretations of most of these terrific songs just grate, and his voice is nothing special.  His butchering of "On Broadway" is particularly heinous.  I'd have given the CD one star except for the really lovely version of Paul Simon's "American Tune".  A waste of money.
0	This guy is terrific.  However, this CD and his other solo album RAMIN are exactly the same in content.  Every song on one is on the other in the exact order. and I bought both thinking they'd be different.  Really disappointed that I bought the same CD twice with separate TITLES.  Great performer. probably a decent guy.  But let's take one of those off the market!  It makes this extraordinary artist look like either a business amateur or "sneaky".
0	If one looks at reviews for most albums they are usually positive- even for some of the least regarded artists and albums.  I don't know how to account for that.  It may be that in today's market most people can preview an album before they buy it so they aren't likely to end up with something they don't like, unlike in times past.  I received this album as a gift.  This group has a unique sound for our current times and harks back to many musical tributaries of American popular music- soul, R&B , Rock. Folk etc.  Like CCR in the late 60's they are staking out a musical territory that most artists ignore and for that Alabama Shakes deserves credit and attention.  This group also grabs your attention in that it's a white band fronted by a black woman playing guitar- which is unusual, to be frank. This band has a lot going for it and this album is very "atmospheric", but unlike CCR this album is tuneless.  In fact I found it drudgery trying to get through the whole thing for a listen- I have listened to it twice.  Not sure if I can do it one more time, but I will, because I always try to give something new a few listens to see if it will "grow" on me.  I really want to like this group, but so far nothing attracts my ear or sticks in my head.  I'll come back to update this review if  it grows on me.
0	This is NOT a piece of music.  It is only used for tuning up an orchestra or instrument.  Unless you want to tune your musical instrument, DO NOT DOWNLOAD.  All this is is a single tone, DO NOT DOWNLOAD.
0	Everything about this album is just bad. From the atrocious cover and title to the ridiculous tracklisting. It's terrible.  Ok, let's start it with the obvious. how do they forget the Ya-Ya's version of Midnight Rambler AGAIN!? Hell, even the album version would be acceptable. That song is undeniably a Stones classic, in every single sense of the word. It was bad enough to miss it on 40 Licks, but its omission here is indefensible. That alone would stop me from buying it or recommending it.  You could make a full CD of songs that don't deserve to be here. More than half the third disc is garbage from their worst years of songwriting. Then some "classics" that don't really deserve the title appear again in place of true hidden gems. Are Not Fade Away, Have You Seen Your Mother, Fool to Cry, Respectable, and The Last Time really better songs than Can't You Hear Me Knocking, Moonlight Mile, Let It Bleed, and All Down the Line?  And come on. Streets of Love, Harlem Shuffle, Highwire, Love is Strong, Anybody Seen My Baby, Don't Stop? Over album cuts like Sway, Bitch, and Monkey Man? I get you want to have a collection that spans their entire career, but they should really focus on the golden years, rather than equal time allowed for these awful 90s cuts. Hell, I mean even We Love You, Little Red Rooster, and Heart of Stone are bad choices.  Look, I know I have a bias. I LOVE these boys. Disregarding whatever category The Beatles might fall into, they are inarguably the single greatest rock `n' roll band of all time. But even as a major major fan, I wouldn't recommend this album to anyone interested in getting into the Stones. I cut my teeth on this band with 40 Licks. It was a good intro to the band. or should I say disc one was a good intro to the band. It's basically the same story here, although they were smart enough to add She Was Hot (even though the Shine a Light version is much better) and the killer, kick-ass, powerhouse Rocks Off. Other than that, there is no difference between them.  5 stars for the music, obviously. I mean some of these songs still bring a tear to my eye when I listen to `em. Insanely, absurdly, unbelievably great stuff. But don't get this album. It's not worth the price. Find a friend who loves the Stones (if you're smart, you'll have a few) and ask them to make you a mix. Or get 40 Licks, used, for a couple bucks. Just stay away from this nonsense.  No Midnight Rambler!? The title "GRRR!"!? . a gorilla!?  I give up. I'm going to my room and putting on Sticky Fingers.
0	The songs are great, but the audio quality is so bad that I want my money back.  It it a static-filled, compressed mess and it's pretty hard to listen to.  Whomever mixed this should be ashamed of themselves for ruining such a potentially good album.  Waiting for the remaster.
0	Sounds like he just woke up 2 seconds earlier.  The voice is no American Idol or American Trash.  It is worse.  And a squeaky guitar string tops the annoyance.
0	I have not listened to it due to technical problems.
0	This album makes me sick.  It's generic and boring.  Same stupid drum beat in 90% of the songs.  What happened?  Way to go guys, you sound like s*.  I'm clearly upset.  I could cry.  Mumford and sons are dead.  They should have changed their band name with this album.  Disgusted.  This is sissy music horse s*.
0	Its sad to see him going down the same path as Brad Paisley and putting out this type of garbage. I can't not help but laugh at how bad this song is when I hear it. Sounds like something that an 18 year old should be singing not someone nearly 40.  I try not to be "that fan" but his newer stuff doesn't compare to his first 3 albums.
0	Oops, bought by mistake. Don't waste your money
0	Sound quality is so low. you have to turn the volume up almost to peak to hear it. it is a nice song though.
0	This review is only for this version of the album (the remastered expanded edition). The mastering sounds overly compressed, and Eddie's vocals don't sound loud enough. The instruments sound way too loud and it drowns out Eddie's voice on some of the tracks.  It baffles me how record companies can keep releasing these crappy remasters that actually sound worse than the original albums. People are paying good money to buy a newer and crappier version of the same album.  Save your money and buy the original 1993 edition instead. The bonus 3 songs are great, but the remastering was entirely pointless.
0	I thought this was sung my Dottie Rambo, Didn't like it since it wasn't. I was after hers not someone elses.
0	T.C. Ellis had a brief part in Prince's "Graffiti Bridge" (the album and the movie).  His delivery was excellent, so I was truly looking forward to his solo debut. Unfortunately "True Confessions" fell short of the mark.  The first single "Miss Thang" was good.  Good enough to prompt me to buy the album after getting the cassingle (anyone else remember cassette singles?)  The rest of the album was mediocre.  T.C. Ellis had a fast-paced & flowing rapping style on "Graffiti Bridge" that was - lamentably - replaced with a slow & choppy style on most of "True Confessions".  It's possible that they tried to emulate the success of Tone Loc's "Wild Thang", which explains the 2 songs; "Miss Thang" and "Cold Thang".  However, even with decent samples and beats, the rapping utlimately came across as amateurish.  A good example is the track "Pussycat" which samples George Clinton's "Atomic Dog" (and lists the godfather of Funk as producer); excellent beat and nice hook - but the delivery by T.C. was anything BUT funky.  The title track was an extension of T.C.'s rap on "Graffiti Bridge" and is probably the strongest track on the album.  Not enough to save the album however.
0	DON'T BUY THIS.  NOT THE ACTUAL SONG AND IS ONLY A PARTIAL 30 SEC LONG.
0	This is by far the worst Christmas album I have ever heard. Sounds like he was drunk when he recorded this. Even if someone gave this to me I would not want this in my collection.
0	It 's scratched and my fault that I'm too late to return it, the cut off date was Oct. 18. We were gone for 3 weeks and 2 that were in a row.  If I can still return it, please let me know, as I would certainly change my review. Josh Groban is wonderful.
0	I am so sad that this record is very bad. I love metallica and was excited to add this my my vinyl collection of mostly classic rock. However, you can tell that this was a cheaply pressed record. My old records have a very full sound eventhough they are 20yr old, but as soon as you play this one you can notice that the sound does not have any levels. It is like the speaker was blown, very very bad to the point of me not being able to enjoy the music.  oh well, that's what I get for paying only $10+ for a vinyl
0	this CD set is okay but gets a little monotonous after a while. i was hoping it would be better but it's okay.
0	This is Frank Sinatra singing this song, not Bing Crosby. It is still a good verison, it is just not Bing Crosby.
0	Major disappointment. Always been a huge BH fan from way back. The songwriting is trite and uninspired. Takes no chances musically. Dont get me started on the ridiculous political statement he is trying to make with the title track. Utterly forgettable album.
0	Buy this album only to complete your Dylan collection.  Even if you like Sinatra you'll be disappointed in Dylan's interpretation.  If this is what he continues to put out I would suggest retirement with dignity.  If this is something he felt he had to do then he should not have charged for it.  Very dismal, not even good for elevator music.
0	Wow, what a load of garbage. If you watch the movie, the music might make sense. As a stand-alone experience without the visual side to accompany it, the album is an epic fail. The cellist, Dave Eggar, might be accomplished and all, but that doesn't really come across on this album. And if you're a fan of Amy Lee or Evanescence, there's nothing to see here. Amy's vocals appear on maybe 5% of the whopping 30 minutes the album plays for. The one song Amy wrote for the album, Push The Button, is easily the effort's worst track. Sounding like a weird techno piece that someone forgot behind the DJ in Ibiza, it's completely out of place on the album as a whole.  Stay clear of this piece of crap.
0	I was very excited for this album to come out. I have been a fan of Rivers and the =w= since childhood. I'm only on my first day of listening, but am in shock at the quality. Big hype over this album and all it is is random, jammy songs put into an album. Plus I've heard half of these songs in the past with the same quality or better. Not too impressed. But I will always purchase Weezer related albums for support, but after the green album, make believe, and now this. I'm a bit turned off. "Lover in the Snow", "Blast Off", & "Who You Callin' Bitch" are the only worthy songs. again, I've heard these before this album. Go buy the Blue Deluxe album. It's a way better buy!
0	This film exemplifies everything I dislike (and try to avoid) about Hollywood productions.  Terrible.
0	I picked up this cd after listening to some samples.  Very good, I enjoyed most every song, except "Carried by the Wind."  When I first heard it seemed disconcertingly familier, as if I'd heard it before.  I listened a few more times, and YES, I HAD HEARD IT BEFORE.  It's a reworked version of Yanni's "On Sacred Ground" from his "If I Could Tell You" album!  I listened to Yanni's version and Farish's version most definitely copies from that song!  But not only that, Farish also inserted the same clip of children laughing that Amethystium uses in their song "Avalon" from their "Odonata" album.  What's up with that?  Unless there's good explanation for this copying, the song "Carried by the Wind" has ruined Ryan Farish for me.
0	This recent purchase was resold for a couple dollars!  It's virtually all noise. The vocals by Mick Jagger are ragged and IMO there's not a single good song among. The lot.
0	Ok, skeptical as I was, I gave it a try for as long as I can stand it, and after two semesters of daily listening while doing homework and studying, this music has done nothing for me.
0	One song that's listenable but they changed from it's original composition. Shame.
0	I bought this song on itunes trying to respecect the copyright laws however the import processing is confusing and I still have no idea how to put this on my computer. I thiink the system should be more user friendly because if I can't figure it out normal folks that use this service everyday (like my parents) who are less computer savy also will not be ablle to figure out how to import this music to their computer.
0	What has Natalie done to the Tigerlily songs?  Gone are the upbeat mixes from 1990s. In its place stands a moody post 9/11 collection fit for a stuffy Vegas lounge at 2am. What happened to Natalie singing about the springtime of life like in These are Days or romantic observations like Verdi Cries? Between this and her self titled album from 2014 it seems everything she has released recently has gone down a more somber path. Don't leave your 90s fans wondering what happened.
0	When it has came down to Rihanna, she has honestly been one of the most severely overexposed artists of the past decade, and sadly the quality of her voice has slowly withered away. Kanye West hasn't been musically better with his frills, from marrying Kim Kardashian, to making his stage antics on Taylor Swift and recently Beck on his Grammy-Winning Album Of The Year. Now, for the two of them to team up with Paul McCartney, the question is have they have better in their art, well the answer is absolutely no. Kanye showed it badly on Only One, now with FourFive Seconds, the two of them do not ignite in the heart, instead they have shown to be a whimper of themselves in voice, and in chemistry with Sir Paul. Overall, I wasn't even impressed with the song, and honestly much worse than what the two of them have done in songs before. If you are a die hard Paul McCartney fan, I would sincerely pass this one up, because four and five seconds, feels more like wasted time overall.  Song: F
0	If you're looking for something to help you sleep, this is not it. The 30 second preview here sounds peaceful (and almost hypnotic to me) but the full version has some strange elements. As the other reviewer said, it does have a lot of static. It sounds like. popping noises, or something to that effect. Very strange.
0	This album was a huge letdown. It is WAY too melodic and popish / commercial light rock. Being a huge fan of All that Remains, owning all of their other albums & having gone to their shows, this album was a major disappointment. Melodic can be cool IF it is still heavy like on their older albums but this album was not nearly heavy enough for me. I don't like the direction they have gone in. I liked the first single they released which prompted me to purchase this album but the rest of it was dissatisfactory. I don't recommend this album to hardcore and metalcore fans.
0	Very poor album. There is a lacking of instruments, basic drums. Very unsophisticated.
0	Sounded like a Mexican band; not country; not my style.  Every song sounded the same; no variety.  If you're looking for country, this isn't for you.
0	I love Fall Out Boy but they ruinned this song. One of MJ's best songs he did :(
0	Horrible annoying sound. I disliked this tremendously.  I kept hoping the sound would change but was just the same 10 second sound over and over.
0	I don't know where else to complain about this but every time this song comes on, I cringe and die a little inside. It's got to be the most annoying song playing today and one of the most annoying songs of all time.  Aside from the fact that the song consists of 4 lines of lyrics with no substance, they "borrow" the can-can song and make it even more irritating.
0	I am truly a J-Hud fan and have waited for this cd forever. It was a truly let down for me with a few exceptions If it isn't love, My heart, I'm his only woman, Invisible and naturally Spotlight best song on the cd! I'm shocked that this is what Clive Davis had in mind for her. Even though Kelly Clarkson's My December had one hit on it and Davis told her to start over and she said no. I'd rather Jennifer to of done it her way then his. But I still love ya Jenn hopefully better next time! For now I will be listening to her solo's off of the Dreamgirls soundtrack simply because Love you I do is more like stuff she should be doing.
0	This is him singing as a younger artist. Still haven't been able to find the version where he is older and obviously much more emotional about this song. Still an awesome and tear jerking song though.
0	Not Really Chistmas-y, just 12 1/2 minutes of repetitive and tedious listening. Thankfully, it was free, otherwise I'd have wanted my money back.
0	It hurts to listen to the LP version. This should be erased from existence.  The real song is not available in the iTunes Store USA only the UK  iTunes  store.
0	Not really the songs.  Generic.  So disappointing in this purchase
0	This CD contains the censored version.  When Cash says "the son of bitch" you'll hear BEEEEEP instead. What are we, 10 years old?  The 'At San Quentin' original version is uncensored. I'm not sure what other versions are uncensored, but definitely this one is.  When this song is not censored, it is a 5-star song that puts a smile on your face.
0	The cd did not play . I purchased volume 1 and volume 2 but volume 2 does not play and the papers and receipts were not saved. Highly disappointed.
0	What is the most annoying about this set is in fact the amount of material that was left off.  I understand it was a daunting task to make a compilation of this magnitude. but COME ON PEOPLE. By calculations if you add up all the blank space at the end of each CD you end up with almost an hour of unused space. to leave tracks such as Take It Away/Ballroom Dancing/Tug of War/C Moon/Vanilla Sky/Helen Wheels/Bluebird etc off was just inexcusable.
0	This song wither didn't load on the player correctly or is only weekday the sample is. Either way,  I'm not pleased with it at alp
0	I wanted to buy this song but when i tried to preview it, the song is just not the one. Please check it.
0	Bernie the buffoon is an even bigger joke than I thought. Bahaaaaa!
0	I must have been one of the unlucky ones that got a flawed CD. It skips like crazy. Also, the plastic CD case came apart when opening. Needless to say it wasn't a stress-free experience.
0	It is a sound track for the movie not the movie should be listed as the song from the movie Zero Dark Thirty. But if they did that no one would buy it. Frank Boles
0	While I love the CD, it wouldn't play on our CD player for some reason. I tried it on my son's player and it worked. The reason I wanted it was so we could go to sleep listening to it. Maybe it was a problem with how it was pressed? I don't know. Disappointed! :(
0	Beyond stupid.  Even more stupid and irritating than actually having 2 phones
0	ACCK! Michael Allen Harrison is a wonderful pianist but with saws. RUN AND HIDE! It sounds like. sorta like weird whistling. If the sawing was taken out it would have been an O.K album. I rated it 1 star because there was no -200 star. :(. All of the songs sound the same and all of them are terrible. I think the person that is sawing or whatever made a good effort to actually make the saw or whatever sound a note but it was still bad. If you're wondering, this CD was free at the Michael Allen Harrison Christmas Concert and I THOUGHT it would be decent. The ones we paid for were very good though. I guess i found out the purpose of free CD's.
0	Wow, another album from BRMC where they cannot decide what kind of music they want to make: Rockers or slow, drawn out (and IMO dull) folk songs.  I really liked WAR MACHINE & AYA.  Those I bought and enjoyed.  I'll be glad to never hear any of the other tracks ever again :)
0	I expected to get the song i heard on youtube, not this one with half of the lyrics deleted. Not what i wanted at all.
0	It's just a preference. It's not my cup of tea that's all. Too heavy going for young children i think.
0	It sounds like she was making it up as she went along.
0	It is rare to hear a CD that is so perfectly awful as this.  This is the kind of CD you give to your girlfriend just before you break up with her.  This is the CD you give to the neighbor who continually lets his dog use your back yard as a toilet.  Molly Jean was 19 when this was recorded.  It was produced by a member of the Volebeats, which enticed me to buy it.  It is rare to hear a singer so dreadfully off pitch, occasionally flat, frequently sharp but only about 5% of the time does she actually come close to hitting a note, even when she writes the songs.  This music is like the first American Idol show of the season where Simon laughs at how bad you are and finds funny insults.  "Oxycontin Denim Whore" is one of Molly's original songs.  Not only is she a very poor singer; she also is not much of a songwriter.  She does a cover of a song called "Needle in a Haystack" that I believe was done by a Motown band called the Velvelettes.  It has a nice bass line, which is the nicest thing I can find to say about this CD.  If you had a cat with their tail in the vacuum cleaner, you might get an idea of the sound.  This is an independent release.  Molly Jean has made her CD.  For reasons now clear to me, very few have bought it.  This is one to avoid at all costs unless you are of a perverse musical nature that delights in the banal.  I haven't found a CD this dreadful since Ramblin' Jack Eliott's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Long-Ride/dp/B00000JZAU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Long Ride</a>; and this is actually worse than that.  Molly Jean is pretty young girl.  I'm sure she'll find something she can do well. Taxi!
0	Offensive and shouldn't be a part of the free Christmas line up. what were you thinking Amazon?
0	I bought this album and accidentally had it playing in a snapchat I sent to my friend, next day I got sued.
0	Only one song on a CD music wonderful I was looking for more music. At that price offering CD should be full Very Disappointing
0	I downloaded the Amazon player and everything and it won't play. Waste of my 0.89! I will stick with iTunes from now on.
0	Zorro is OK - the rest is quirky but poor.
0	Yikes!  I mean. YIKES!  What the?  Are they kidding?  Is this some kind of weird joke? I couldn't wait to place my order for this long awaited live VH album, and I couldn't have been more excited the day it arrived. I carefully unwrapped it and studied the cool packaging (no band pics though - very odd) and let it rip. OH MY GOD. What were they thinking?  This is so freaking bad I think it just turned me off music - period. The drums are sloppy, the guitars are surprisingly sloppy too, the keys are lagging behind the band, the bass is solid though, but please, please, please don't even ask about the vocals. This is not the band I know and love. Regretfully, I absolutely HATE this release.
0	I am sure he has other good CDs, but I haven't found it yet.
0	there is no reason for me to listen to music. it just sucks really bad and has no love in it.
0	Wow.  Don't know what happened here.  Usually I have no problems with Amazon downloads, but this one sucks.  Not crisp.  Instead it's got a fuzzy, dull quality.  Does terrible justice to this Excellent tune.
0	The song is not being sung. It's an orchestra playing the instrumental. Given it's not what I expected I rated it 2 stars. But if you're into orchestra's and instrumentals you may love it. Could play it at bed time.
0	What's wrong with record companies these days?  Everytime you turn around there is yet another "greatest hits", "ultimate", "essential", "box set" or "whatever" hits package that basically consist of all the same songs, give or take one or two exceptions.  This hits package is no different.  Amy fans, you already have all this - there's no need to buy it.  What's up with Amy anyway?  What audience is she trying to speak to?  Her old "christian" audience, "pop" audience, "adult comtemporaray" audience, all of them?  She's all over the place.  I think everyone is kinda over it.  She has a great career - nothing to be dissapointed with.  It's just time to retire.  For example - I dind't even know this was released.  Never heard anything about it.  It was never promoted - probably because there's nothing to promote.
0	The MP# version has a NASTY skip in Voldomiro - the first track!
0	A lot of people have praised this disc - but I'm not one of them.  This recording is many things, but the SOUNDTRACK it is NOT!  Despicable Me has a very good film score composed by Pharrell Williams with the addition of a number of songs also written by him.  This disc has the songs that appeared in the film - but not one note of the score!  Despicable is the word for this disc - because it only delivers a small sample of the film's background music.  And the score is a significant element in any film.  Without the score, all this disc does is deliver the icing on the cake without the cake.  If, like me, you enjoy film scores, then this disc is one you should skip.
0	Wanted the song with the words. This is just instrumental.
0	The only two songs that are worth listening for me are the disco songs.  I was extremely disappointed in the "Despicable Me" song, I was expecting the song like in the opening of the film and I was less than happy when a chorus of children's(?) voices started chiming in.  I don't recall that from the movie at all.  I enjoy the movie very much, but I can't recommend this album if your interest lies in more of the movie versions of the songs rather than the songs on this CD.  I should have demoed the songs before ordering, but I do like the disco songs that are not available for download.
0	I was SO excited that Slug and Murs were teaming up with Aesop for the 3rd Felt release!  I've only listened to it about 3 times, but my first impressions were of disappointment.  One of my favorite aspects of the Felt series is they were great from beginning to end; this thing has me skipping tracks and STILL not impressed.  I'm a huge fan of Felt and hopefully it will grow on me, but this is definitely the weakest of the three and is more awkward than entertaining.  There is a ton of talent in this trio, but it just doesn't mesh in this album.
0	Buyer beware, this is only a sample of the track.  It is only a 20 second clip.  Not worth $1!
0	I'm very disappointed I thought this was posted be a regular size CD I had no idea this was a  mini CD and I don't have a mini cd player at all so I couldn't even use this I'm very disappointed on my purchase them to keep us posted on line I had the right to  if I give it a one star rating I thought this was post be a regular size CD I waste my money nobody should not buy this because you're gonna be disappointed when you receive it
0	It's either badly done or just a really bad idea. Elvis' voice sounds rough.  I don't recall thinking that when I heard his original recording.  It makes his pairing with the orchestra a bad match.  It takes away from his greatness rather than enhancing it.  I won't be buying any more of the songs from this album.  I have been an Elvis fan since the first time I heard Don't Be Cruel and Hound Dog played on my radio over 50 years ago.  Re-release more mixes of his originals if you must, Priscilla, but please don't do anything like this "If I Can Dream" album again and no duets either.  It's just disrespectful of his memory.
0	A nice album comprised of 12 tracks which have already been published under the "How-the-West-Was-Swung" series by WR Records (Vol. 1 through 10).  Very little information transpired by the time the album was  announced for release, may be to leave potential buyers under the  impression this was a new album rather than a "best-of"  compilation.  If you have bought the WR Records series, you do not  necessarily need this album.
0	I am very disappointed!  The wording on the description claims "various artists" leading the purchaser to believe that this is a compilation of original 80's artists.  IT IS NOT!  It is a mix sung by a "wedding singer/cruise line" type of band.  Is it even legal for a CD to be published with remakes of original artists song's without the permission of the original artists?  Hopefully this band paid for the rights to use these artists songs.  VERY MISLEADING AND DISAPPOINTING!
0	This album is horrible.  The rest of Van Halen are doing a terrific job, but David Lee Roth should be put out to pasture.  I can't believe they would put their name on such a crappy performance.  Problems:  1.  David Lee Roth thinks he's David Lee Roth circa 1978.  As such, he feels free to take liberties and "sing" the songs incorrectly. 2.  He only "sings" half of the lyrics, the rest are spoken. 3.  He adds all kinds of lame embellishments to the lyrics. 4.  He changes up the tempo of the lyrics by coming in late and finishing quickly (i.e. not "singing"). 5.  He says A LOT OF STUPID STUFF to the audience during the songs that are just awkward. 6.  He uses completely different lyrics when a song breaks down quiet- think "Hot For Teacher", "Panama", "Mean Streats", etc. 7.  While they made him sound good in the studio, David's voice live is not good at all, he can barely sing. 8.  If you saw them perform "Panama" on Jimmy Kimmel right before this album was released, you'll know what I'm talking about.  That was the most horrible rendition of "Panama" that I've ever heard. 9.  He flubbs the lyrics on "Beautiful Girls" and even says right before the next verse: "I'll sing it for you right this time."  In other words, Dave ruined almost every song except for "Women in Love" and "I'll Wait" which are the main reasons I bought the album.  Horrible, horrible, and horrible.  What they should do is ditch Dave and go on tour with the lead singer of Atomic Punks- at least he does a perfect rendition of David Lee Roth in his prime.  Do not buy this album unless you love disappointment.
0	For one, it was the short verision or "radio" version. Also, they gave the impression that it was un-edited but it was, not that the content was all that "adult" or vulgar. I was very disappointed if they are going to put a warning label for content they should also put a warning label for edited content.
0	I pre ordered this record, so you can imagine the amount of excitement I had when it arrived. I was all but kissed the delivery man when it came! I ran straight up to my record machine and played it, probably around 3 times before giving poor dierks a break. I listened to the record about 5 times after that before the unthinkable happened. "It's different for girls" began to SKIP! I was in shambles! On my fourth time of playing one of my favorite records it was skipping! Now I'm not some record abuser and throw my records around no no no! I have a special place where all my records are held and placed ever so neatly back into the slip and folder. And my  needle is changed quite regularly, so nothing on my part could it have gone wrong. So when it began to skip you could imagine my horror, I have 20 year old records that are still playing me some good ole country without any skipping or anything! I honestly can say the quality of this record is so horrible it completely ruined my experience with this record and let me tell you I am a hugeeeee fan of  Dierks, it was a tragedy. You will never hear me say this ever again in my life but for this record it's better to litsen to it on your phone. 
0	Love the Goats, but this song. well, seems they used so much creative energy in coming up with the title they had little left for the actual song.
0	The vast majority of this CD are live recordings which rarely do the artists justice. Scott McKenzie's San Francisco (Be Sure To Wear Some Flowers In Your Hair) is one of the better quality songs, Marty Balin And The Town Criers' Hellbound Train is well done and Dan Hicks And The Hot Licks' How Can I Miss You If You Never Go Away is quite humorous. Overall this promises more than it delivers.
0	There has been an unfortunate trend in the music business as of recent, in which sound engineers over-compress a recording in order to make it sound louder, but damaging the dynamic range. This has become known to many as the dreaded 'Loudness Wars'. It has plagued many 'remasters' including Nine Inch Nail's 2010 remaster of Pretty Hate Machine, and subsequent releases of classic Beatles records. The compressing of an album is done for the sake of consistency. God forbid little Joey need to turn the volume nod up a notch from album to album on his iPod (A note here: the normalization function would do this just fine). Unfortunately, this is damaging the overall quality of sound. The first time I had heard anything by Tame Impala was on YouTube, and I enjoyed it quite a bit. I purchased the CD after hearing the truly excellent 'Music to Walk Home By', and was pleasantly surprised. It came in a very nice shrink wrapped Digipak case, with truly gorgeous album art. In a fold on the cover, you have the liner notes which list the lyrics. Everything package wise is very good, and I must say again that the album art - at least for me - is one of the best that has come in quite a while. But once I ripped it to my PC using EAC, my ears had started to hurt after the sixth song. I decided to affirm my notions that the CD had been overly compressed, by going on the Dynamic Range Database. To my dismay, I saw that Lonerism has indeed been affected negatively by the dreaded trend of over compression. Before I end the review, I must state that this album, music wise, is absolutely fantastic. If not for the poor mastering, I would have easily given the product a 4.5. I can only hope that in the years to come, Lonerism will get an ACTUAL remaster, so that the dynamics will remain intact on the retail release.  Feel free to disagree/ask me anything in the comments.  EDIT: As of recent, I have discovered that there is an unmastered version floating around. It is essentially the same mix without the volume levels turned up to the point of over compression and distortion. Drums in particular sound much better. Buy the CD and/or vinyl and support the artist and then go look for that particular version. Great album, problem solved! The two star still stands though, as this is a product review of the CD and not the unmastered mix floating around out there.
0	I never ordered or received this. Why is this listed under my purchases, is it just one song or the whole album?
0	Started out very slow, just could not feel it!
0	And I say that SO loosely.  This song wasn't great the first time I heard it and it's still sugar-coated fluff.  I mean I can get into certain songs that are all pop and little substance, but this one grates on my nerves.  First. Copying Irreplaceable's beat almost completely was a terrible thing to do! Not original and we had ENOUGH of that song. That's what this song TOTALLY rides on! At least Chris Brown, even though it's a similar beat, has something going for his song, With You (better lyrics, nice video).  Altogether, I just don't appreciate either of them ripping the Irreplaceable beat off though.  Come on! We heard it ENOUGH in 2006/2007!  Second. I will never forget you/You're in everything I do/  (Later)  Just like a tattoo/I'll always have you  blah, blah, blah, blah, Jordin. Start writing your own songs and maybe you'll get some attention!  2.25 stars.  End note: Beautiful voice but get a new producer who isn't afraid to try something new and different! I know it can be hard being original these days in the studio because it seems like everyone has nearly tried everything BUT (and that's a B I G but) copying a song's beat that has previously been played into the ground is the opposite of what you want to do! The lyrics are trite and super-elementary and nothing (I mean NOTHING) besides the vocal work stands out!
0	I can't imagine why I would order this. My wife must have done this. The song is trite. the lyrics are predictable. If you love Mope Rock, this song is for you!
0	On this CD you'll only find side A of the original album "Skin Diver Suite", side B is not included. Too bad. Plus: It's taken from vinyl, not from the mastertape. I guess for this price you could expect a little more than an incomplete vinyl rip.
0	This album is 1 stars because most of the songs are unlistenable. I don't enjoy listening to this album. I don't recommend this album. Addy.
0	I feel like a traitor saying this, but I won't be buying this set any time soon.  I stand second-to-none in my affection for the band, but unfortunately, this "career-spanning retrospective" is seriously lacking in representation of the last 30 years of that recording career.  By my count, there are only about five songs on this set that were released after 1980.  Not good enough.  Capitol is not getting my money again until they come up with a Beach Boys compilation that is a whole lot heavier on newly-gathered songs, and a whole lot lighter on the re-re-retreads.
0	I got it for free. At 1st I didn't really like it. I like Black Veil Brides and The Fray. It's just not my kind of music. Now I like this song though. I had to hear it a couple of times before it hit home.
0	This is not the "Theme from Enterprise". This is the same song, "Where My Heart Will Take Me", that was used as the theme for Enterprise but this version from the "Encore" CD is not the same arrangement and the differences are somewhat disappointing if you are expecting the actual theme from the "Enterprise" TV series.
0	love bernie worrell's contributions but this should have never came out you think a track featuring garry shider, skeet curtis, and tyrone lampkin they would have made something funkier.
0	Amazon service and speed of delivery was excellent, but the CD no longer will play, only played it twice, now no longer works!  I guess "you get what you pay for applies here!
0	Poor Sound track. These is a very loud drum in the background that distracts from the very good violin music. If the mixing was better this would have been a fantastic track. Unfortunately I did not hear the drum in the very short sample you hear when buying on Amazon.
0	This CD has a good sound but you get tired of her moaning and complaining!  Very depressing!  Her voice cracks, scrapes and she can't quite hit the notes.  Buy Bonnie Raitt instead.
0	Not what I expected and some songs so sad I cried.
0	I love the classic Moonglows recordings.  So I was delighted to see that I could purchase them on Amazon and not have to take the time to digitize vinyl.  oops - I downloaded "I Was Wrong" and it was COMPLETELY NOT THE ORIGINAL DOO WOP VERSION of the song.  This version has a strong background track, it is highly produced, it is just off.  This is just my taste, but the new version of the tune was awful and not what I was looking for at all.  Anyone interested in classic Moonglows tracks should BEWARE before buying these.
0	This probably is NOT the recording of this much praised song that you want - go to the album "I Want to See the Bright Lights Tonight" and try the song there first.  I think I mis-bought this version first and could not understand why it was so often mentioned as among Richard and Linda's best.  Just saying.
0	Some is a bit catchy, but mostly I laugh questioning why I continue listening instead of skipping to the next song on random shuffle.  Sounds like someone who has spent a bit too much time in clubs and has made some friends with good enough equipment to make a CD with her. lyrics provided by many a drug induced night that catalyzes the creative and philosophical side to come out.  High quality for an amateur project but difficult to listen to.
0	Hello E.C. Fans, Just want to let fans know that this is NOT the full set. It's still missing the encores played that evening with Nick Lowe! If they are going to re-release this yet again,it would have been nice to finally have the whole gig. Just wanted to let people know,for an "archive " release that is a pretty shabby thing to do. Besides the fact, that the encores are really fun and feature some rare tunes. Hey maybe for the super deluxe release next time . :)
0	I didn't realize that I had this song available to me until I saw it in the list of items that I supposedly "bought" and then when I read the other reviews and found out it is a free download I decided to listen to it. I listened for about 20 seconds, clicked it off and laughed out loud at how amateurish and awful this song is. Yes, that IS why it is free!
0	Millions of Americans listen to music on their iPods.  Try telling that to this record label, which willfully made this CD incompatible with iTunes.  I don't mind buying music digitally, but I also like to keep a physical copy of the CD for my collection.  Copy protection doesn't give you this option.  I am absolutely enraged and I feel like screaming.  Avoid!
0	What has happened to country music? I call this crock! Let's get back to the steel guitar and the fiddles and the cheatin and drinkin songs that have a story.
0	Why would anyone want to listen to this absolute trash has everyone been brainwashed by this hideous creature i cant seem to understand?
0	I've down loaded this two times. The song does not work on my computer. I have had similar situations with down loading music from Amazon. They have refunded my money sometimes. But-why does ten songs down load & this one does not !
0	Considering the reviews and the pedigree and the musicianship. Just no soul, The singing . Voice, doesn't work (For me) I get - That they are good - Just reminded me of the 'good' stuff from the 70's
0	THIS HAS TO BE A JOKE. NEXT HE'LL DUET WITH WILLIAM HUNG. AT LEAST THE PROFITS GO TO CHARITY. STILL JUST DONATE TO CHARITY AND KEEP THIS GARBAGE AWAY FROM YOUR EARS.
0	Mary Poppins soundtrack was the BEST purchase I have made so far. I bought it for my granddaughter's birthday because she loves Mary Poppins. She can sing all the songs in the soundtrack and I love hearing her
0	Wow. This album is awful. I have been a fan of Crooked I since the Death Rizzo days. Royce too since the late 90's. Budden is a great lyricist. Joell is dope. He has been one of my favorite rappers the last couple of years.  The first album was really good. Some filler on it. It was recorded in 6 days. (They took 2 years on this album.) Most of the songs released on the internet before the first album dropped were great. So many quotables. Green Lantern Freestyle was sick!  The mastering on this album sucks. Period. I'm listening on a Rega system.  Where is the production from The Alchemist? They sounded great over Just Blaze production on the song with Em. They are trying to get into the mainstream but the beat selection on this album is just silly. They pick the worst beats from these producers.  Yes these guys can rhyme. Why can't they make good songs? (Unless they are rapping over someone else's beats.)  The singles were weak but I expected that. Guest features from Cee-Lo, (singing that awful hook) Busta, Skyler Grey, (never heard of her) BOB, Swizz, and Em. WTF  I blame Eminem, Jimmy Iovine, and Interscope Records. Yes these guys deserve success but not with this album. "Knick knack paddy wack how I wanna bone" C'mon Joell. These reviewers are saying they are bringing back lyrics.  I'm going to listen to the Hip Hop Weekly series, Mood Muzik, The Bar Exam and pretend Our House never came out.  And to that first review. Killer Mike R.A.P. Music is the album of the year so far.
0	There was not enough info to convert file for play on Win Media Player. Couldn't find file on my computer
0	I read some sterling reviews and finaly tracked down this rare cd. No idea why the reviews were so impressive. Someone mentioned SRV and HENDRIX in the same breath  -  pure insult. His vocals are very poor, but are still better than the frantic noodling that passes for solos on this poor offering. How you can butcher something as basic as ROADHOUSE BLUES is beyond me. His guitar playing has absolutely no direction and his tone is a 60isch fuzztone that sounds ancient. All the solos are pointless finger exercises. There are about 800 or so better players in my collection  and this one has not one redeeming feature. Try RHETT TYLER or  MICHAEL KATON for some sizzling blues guitar.
0	I tried numerous times and it wouldn't play on my kindle. Then when I heard it on my sister's it turned out to be really short and ends with an ad. Not worth the DL
0	I heard this song in my church and the band was great.  It was soooooo much better at my church than this slow jamz soul version.
0	Love this song, but was very disappointed in how "soft" the background vocals are. Hard to achieve a good blend.
0	I am posting review firstly to express my disappointment and dissatisfaction with an item i purchased about couple of years ago. Delayed as my review may be it is sincere. I am a fan of Ultimate Spinach and i consider them one of the best bands of the bosstown rock scene. I had been looking forward to receiving the CD but when it arrived i found out to my dismay that there is some kind of static at the begining of every track. I am afraid that this is totally irresponsible on the part of iris records. I suppose i should have asked them for a full refund but i somehow opted not to do it.
0	This song is a blatanly obvious Janet Jackson Rhythmn Nation era ripoff song. Dated late eighties early nineties production hasn't dated too well. This is from an era when the cassette singles were the rage and Civilles and Cole were at da top of their game and peeps wuz cuttin their hair in a high top fade like will smith and arsenio.
0	Huge WZ and RZ here. This album is a bit disappointing. Some have equated it to an EP and I agree. I believe Rob is believing any crap he puts out there is "cool", well. It ain't. Love John 5's playing and hope Rob puts out more serious lyrics and music next time.
0	i cd di questi gruppi r&b sono tutti uguali - the same old story
0	Ooh, an electronica pop Christmas song! No, wait. it's another Lady Gaga song about sex where she turns everything into innuendo. Guess what the Christmas tree is. Yep. At least it was free and I didn't waste any money on it.
0	A disappointment compared to other Beegie Adair performances. I felt so woosie I could not even listen to it.
0	This is NOT a piece of music.  It is only used for tuning up an orchestra or instrument.  Unless you want to tune your musical instrument, DO NOT DOWNLOAD.  All this is is a single tone, DO NOT DOWNLOAD.
0	got for a friend to hear kids sound creepy
0	I for some reason don't like this song at all, i find it very annoying. how do i delete this song off my play list. lol
0	This album sucks.  Like the other 1 star reviewer wrote, it's all commercial radio garbage.  It's so overproduced, it's hard to listen to.  I've been listening to the band since the late 90's and if you want to hear good O.A.R. you have to see them live or buy their first live cd.  If you like this album, you're probably a new O.A.R. fan, or maybe you started listening 2 or 3 albums back. which isn't a criticism, but for people who remember them when they first started, their change to this is definitely a shock.  Sorry, but it is what it is.
0	I actually like instrumentals, but I assumed that the entire album would have more collaborations. Also, all of the songs did not download with the album. That was the most disappointing. Maybe next time.
0	Not a fan.  Skip this song each time.
0	can't determine if music downloaded, can't find where it downloaded or to what file. won't download from amazon music again, due to the complexity of the whole issue
0	I agree with the previous post. These three mixes should have been available on the cd version. The Offer Nissim remix is by far the best one available from all the versions out there. It is a proper extended dance mix much in the vein of It's a Sin or Can You Forgive Her - the glory days when all mixes appeared either in vinyl or then cd /cassette forms. A Cloud in a Box is a good b-side track with a techno dub feel a la 80s flavour. Say It To Me Stuart Price version is nearly identical to the album version but has been slowed down so it feels like an acoustic version even though all the instrumentation is there. It is the second-best version of all the remixes.
0	It didn't work like I thought it would to guide us as we accended to the top of Pikes Peak.  We had trouble downloading this item.
0	I heard a lot of good things about this album so I bought it only to become disappointed. Many of the songs seem forced and repetitive if other hits they've had. I have it an honest listen several Times before actually returning it-for me, it was that bad. About the only good thing I can say is that Blink 182 has an awesome drummer.
0	The worst album I ever purchased was 'Nevermind'. I had expected it to be excellent since Nirvana fans recommended it so highly. But I'm sorry to say that the cadaverous threesome have let me down. It is hard to listen to more than 3 songs at one go! I found the album to be monotonous & boring. The songs are very bad and the vocals are awful.
0	Probably the worst excuse I've heard for a "musical". No actual music or story and the "lyrics" are just juvenile at best. Doesn't give me much hope for the future of Broadway if this is what people consider "music" or "art."
0	Prime Music is worthless.  I am NOT renewing next year since I can't download prime songs for free to my computer.  I paid for this, tutorials say you can download songs to your PC, but your s* app won't let me.  And on top of this, I hate this song.
0	Pre ordered it and when the album was released I only got 4 songs in stead of all of them on the album release date
0	I was watching a Bowl game and saw a commercial for this and thought I was watching SNL.  I had to listen to it later because it seemed so bad.  It is horrible.  Next song will be Blue Solo Cup.  Then motor oil.  Then Oral-B toothbrushes.  This is the promotional song for the album.  How bad are the other songs?
0	3 of the songs on the CD are scratched :-(
0	This is not the song I wanted, and I don't know how to download it. I miss the old days, when you bought a song and then you actually owned it. How can I embed this in a PowerPoint? How could I use it in a photo slideshow? Grrr. Im hopelessly left behind by technology and Im only 33
0	I have bought Music through Amazon preferring them to iTunes because because iTunes try to control their music too much. However after the latest MP3 purchase,  I find it now Amazon has made it as difficult as possible to download their music to my iTunes. Bye-bye Amazon. I guess I'm gonna have to go back to the iTunes Store  as much as I hate to.
0	Hurts my head.  I'm too old for this at 50!  For sure.
0	There is only one song on this CD worth listening to. I recoment getting the MP3 version of Tarzan Boy and ignore the rest of the songs.
0	This is a poor recording of a great performance.  I thought my stereo amplifier was damaged when I heard the periodic crackling noises while playing the Peer Gynt Suites 1 and 2.  But no, I can hear the occasional hiss and pop noise (but not as pronounced) when playing the same tracks on my laptop PC using my Bose headphones.  This CD might be passable if you just listen to music on an iPod or phone.  However, if you enjoy listening to great music on your hi-fi stereo, don't waste your money on this rubbish.  I wish I could get my money back.
0	to Amazon:  why is this here? i do not remember ordering this, & I never have had it delivered to my home. I know this to be true because I do not own this cd or any REO Speedwagon music
0	the trail hear didn't sound like a mix- I don't like downloading any mixes- I like original music- these were all for my prom birthday party in November. still will play the tune but not what I originally wanted.
0	I like the beat & the tune,  but could do without the lyrics.  Where Al's Word Crimes has similar beat & tune but happier, fun lyrics.
0	very disappointed did not even have the star spangled banner
0	I bought this for my brother, and was dumb enough to listen to it before I gave it too him.  I've heard a thousand country songs that say the same things, just with different words.  "Somebody stole my truck, some guy ran off with my girlfriend, somebody shot my dog, and I'm too drunk to do anything about any of it."  Don't waste your time and money.  Just go listen to some 50 year old country music and speed up the beat a little.  You'll get the same results.  Tears in your beer.
0	This album is trash, this band completely copies and tries to be GUNS N ROSES of the 1985-1989 era with the leather, boots and aviators. The lead singer of faster pussy in one video tries to be AXL in "jungle" with the hair sprayed up and bengal bracelets and leather pants. Dont buy this imposter junk, go get Appetite for Destruction by Gn'R and rock out. No one can ever be AXL. The songs try frail out too due to the rhythem guitar [being bad]. Also the lyrics try to be like brett michaels of poison and [are awful]. Rock on
0	DISSAPOINTED WITH THIS ONE.  LOVE JOHNNY CASH BUT THE SOUND ON THIS ONE IS NOT GOOD.  SORRY THAT I DOWNLOADED IT TO MY KINDLE.
0	This one isn't good at all. Used to be a fan of his but he's fallen. he's fallen far. It's a sad effort to be honest.
0	Bought this as a gift for a family member who loves musicals.  The song titles do not appear on screen when they are playing. Very frustrating!
0	This CD was bought by mistake by me, doh ! So you know, this is a different guy. I guess if you like cheesy R&B/rap lite, it's ok.  Couldn't get through the 2nd song myself- Sure he looks different, but thought it was early & a bad pic, haha- Oh well. buy both of the 'real' Sean Rowe CDs or LPs, they are KILLER !
0	Not the same singers that did the original hits like "Secret Lovers" and "Always".
0	Used as directed and noticed no change in behavor, my food shopping didn't change, eating didn't change. But will keep using to see if there will be any change.
0	not happy with this one,  don't know if it was my fault or not but after the download the song disappeared into the bowels of my computer and I still can't find it.
0	I was eagerly looking forward to this CD after watching Hollie on Britain's Got Talent on YouTube.  When I first played it I thought something had gone wrong with my sound system.  After trying it a few more times I realized it was actually the production.  Hollie has an incredibly beautiful voice, but that wasn't allowed to come through.  The second song, Edelweiss sounded more like a piano concert with someone singing along in the background.  The piano virtually drowned out her voice.  This was also the case in other songs but Edelweiss is the worst example.  Whoever mixed the recording did a great disservice to Hollie and her fans.  I hope she comes out with another CD in the future recorded with different people or a different company.
0	"Disc 2" of this digital audiobook is damaged. I tried downloading it a couple times, but it always skips repeatedly after about 23 minutes into that "disc." This is the equivalent of selling a new paper book with missing/ripped pages. Unacceptable.
0	It would be nice if I could put this song on my player, but it's locked in the stupid cloud and I can't get to it.  I'm buying future songs from iTunes.
0	By far the worst s*  I've heard in a long time . Poser wanna be should just give it up. Fail.
0	What can I say?  It is absolutely maddening to learn that the super deluxe edition of this CD does not contain all of the songs released for this album.  Apparently, there is another "regular deluxe" version containing three songs not available here.  What complete jibberish.  How can you ask someone to pay an extraordinary premium for the "super deluxe" version and then not provide all planned content for release?  While I'd love to say I'm shocked Mr. Taylor would sanction this, it is apparently one of the many new, less than desirable trends the record companies have espoused lately to get those few of us left who support physical media to shell out more dough.  Disgusting.
0	When it has came down to Rihanna, she honestly has been the most overexposed artist of the past several years, where her voice has lost its luster, and she really hasn't stopped for herself. Musically, she has also wasted her spirit as well in her songs. Her latest song, Diamonds feels very choppy and her voice sounds a bit too course. I really did not find the song to deliver, as some of her earlier songs had. I really didn't find it to drive into the soul of the voice. I definitely think Rihanna needs to take more time into her songs, and not rush into making album after album, year after year. It really has put a strain on her talent. Talk That Talk was awful, and Unapologetic is the same way.  Song: D-
0	Sound quality very low ! but a great classic song !
0	I'm not sure who came up with the ridiculous track listing for this set. but DDAMN, SS13?  Really?  Pretty sad omissions here.  New Slayer fans: Start with Reign in Blood and buy the entire catalog.  This is a waste.
0	It's great to hear an artist expand their horizons. I just wish Jewel would have went more to the woman horizon than the teenager horizon if you know what I mean. Can't get in to this pop deluxe stuff. Some of the rave reviews puzzle me. This cd almost embarrasses me to listen to it. Not trying to say Jewel should stay confined but, just because record sales are "lagging" a bit, does that mean an artist has to tap in to the pre-teen money machine for the sake of pleasing everything Jewel seemed to want to tell us to rise above? I believe some call that particular horizon selling out. Did Jewel sell out here? I try not to think about how this album cast a shadow on all the anti-estblishment and human points of view Jewel seemed to be telling us she felt in her heart. I know everyone's got bills to pay, but some things are more important than having mounds and mounds of money and making records just to sell and satisfy fat record company's. We have one Britney Spears. We don't need anything resembling anther one. I hope Jewel finds a way to put a bit more Spirit in her next album. I'd hate to think Jewel feels she needs to serve her ego.
0	I brought this CD off of impulse and I was little naive because I didn't do my research. I give this album a "2" because it has a couple new tracks, but there are only 7 and most are from his FREE mixtape.  You can get his mixtape "So Far Gone" for FREE, online which has 17 tracks and is a lot better. It has good track flow, Great production and basically professionally put together just be a "mixtape".  I have a feeling the record company released this EP to make some type of profit off of Drake's popularity.
0	As a fan of TSO. we were looking forward to this new 2 CD set with great anticipation. When it arrived, we immediately slid it into the CD player and were very surprised and disappointed. Although we realize it is the latest in a stream of concept releases by TSO, this concept left us very cool. There is very little that is melodic and a lot of it seems like just so much noise. We are pretty sophisticated listeners with extremely diverse musical tastes, but I must say this one was a bust. We never listen to it and had we previewed it, would definitely never have purchased it.
0	Far too sappy. Vastly overproduced. Where is the rawness and fire of the earlier days? A tremendous dissapointment. The only good thing about it is I don't own it. A friend let me listen to it after I let him borrow some  Widespread Panic. Boy did I ever get the short end.
0	Wile I'm sure it is just right for some folks, and I like a lot of Cajun & Zydeco music, this one just didn't do it for me.  I actually didn't keep it.  Deleted.
0	Garbage. Joe DeRosa is not a funny man.
0	Uggg, another christmas cd from Leann Rimes.  You are watching the decline of what used to be a great country voice.  It is sad to watch all her projects fail and then she trots herself out for any publicity she can get for another Christmas album.  People put out Christmas music when their careers are failing.  Leann used to have a great voice and was a likable talent.  Not anymore.  I cannot understand  the words she is singing and the album is not very good.  I used to be a big fan but she seems so unaware of what she has done to her career lately.  Too bad.  Career over.
0	This composition, while ambitious and promising at certain points, never really takes off.  The composer relies too heavily on a rapid ostinato of many percussion instruments, but doesn't go anywhere with it.  The themes never develop, and the variations aren't all that different from each other.  I had high hopes for the coda as it seemed that the piece was building to a satisfying conclusion, but it was just more of the same.  I do detect some possibilities that his future work may go in some new directions, however.
0	I heard a live performance of the Imagine Dragon's and really enjoyed the music, so I ordered the album. The album unfortunately is a huge disappointment. The mastering of this album is terrible. A number of the songs on this album have an over-driven/distortion sound effect. When you hear the songs live, the effect is compelling and the sound pressure adds to the performance. But on the album version the distortion/effect is overwhelming and absolutely crushes the music. I ran the album through a live music audio enhancer (Claesson Edward Live Audio Enhancer) and it helped quite a bit. Normally when looking at the oscilloscope the before is narrow and the after is open. Not with songs like Radioactive, the before is scattered and full of clipping. Which helps to explain why the songs sound better on the radio then on your stereo; because they have been processed and helped (not fixed). The end result is an album that sounds progressively worse the better your audio playback is.
0	She did a Song in English so you guys can also understand the meaningless things she has to say. And this song is the most meaningless she ever did. But her voice sounds much stronger. This is not a typical Blmchen-song. There are many backgroungsingers and more lyrics. there are three Songs on this Single. The radio Version, the Extended version and the Song "Where hearts have wings".It's the english version of her Song "Herzen haben Flgel". I think it's on the Blossom-Album "Heartbeat"
0	I think it's a shame that they have their friends writing reviews suggesting that they sound anything like lacuna coil or echoes of eternity. This is by far the worst cd I've gotten in a long time, and the first that made me write a review. The singer may be the worst I've ever heard. Even my cat's cd sounds better. I am very bitter about the $15 I gave away for this awful attempt at gothic music.
0	Nothing new here, except the packaging. This collection is the first time inclusion of "singles" from their recent lackluster album "That's Why God Made The Radio". The reason I highlight "singles" is because, what the heck is a single these days? Although there was actually a 45 rpm 7" vinyl "single" issued of "That's Why God Made The Radio", it was just issued only for, probably, collectors like me. The other new "single" , "Isn't It Time", only exists on the album. Back in the days of Top 40 radio, we called these "album tracks", NOT "singles". Included in this collection is yet another "same old" mono version of "Good Vibrations". Come on guys, isn't it time that a stereo mix officially comes out? Most Beach Boys songs were recorded on "state of the art" for those times, recording equipment. Also included are several more "should Be stereo" mono tracks: "Do It Again", "Surfin' Safari", "I Get Around", "The Little Girl I Once Knew", "Help Me, Rhonda", "Fun, Fun, Fun", and of course, "Good Vibrations". Unexplicably missing is their first hit "Surfin' ", plus many of their biggest hits like "Be True To Your School" and of course their "holiday season" hits. Also included are some non-hit album tracks. Listenning to the "mono" tracks, most sound like early CD's, tinny and bassy, and are definitely NOT remixed. I don't think that Brian would ever have OK'd these without at least re-EQing them.  On the plus side, included are 7 black & white photos of The Beach Boys in their younger days, pre-gray, fat and bald. Each disc comes in it's own sleeve, Disc 1: their young days and Disc 2: the "old farts". There's also a nice booklet(which could easily fit in a jewel case). Both CD's look like mid-60's "swirl" label Capitol 45's. The sound is great and does offer many of their "best" songs.
0	Wow, talk about zero originality! What do you do when you can't come up with anything original to save your life? Ripoff an old surf instrumental~ what else!
0	Don't download just this song, you only get the tail end when they are singing the "do do du dupe" part.
0	Not as energetic as other versions. I was expecting a little bit more. Might be fine for background music etc, but not the song I was looking for
0	According to frontman/songwriter Ra McGuire, the problem started when the band was denied what they felt was well-deserved production credit on the preceding "Thick as Thieves" LP. This was after the label had voiced its approval, including consulting with them as to the layout of promised credit.   TOT was the last album Randy 'BTO' Bachman ever produced for Trooper. Lawsuits were filed, friendships were scuttled, and, most significantly, they went with a different producer (Howard Steele of Heart fame). What that means to the listener is that the man who for 4-5 years had arranged for them and groomed the overall sonic output (and who also happened to be one of the best guitarist/songwriters in the business) was now out the door, to be replaced by perhaps someone with less ability to say no to some of Ra's less inspired notions.  So what does the first non-RB produced Trooper album sound like? Well, aside from the reasonably solid opener (which happens to be the first Trooper track I'd ever heard back when it was a hit, and one of my favorites by the band), we get a weakly performed Kinks cover (compare to Van Halen's "You Really Got Me" released roughly about the same time), some cheesy ballads, mixed with some filler, not to mention a couple of songs about what a douche Randy supposedly is. Production credit indeed.  That this album was one of their best-sellers speaks more to their popularity at the time than the actual quality of the product. After this one came out, they basically had kicked themselves out of the big time, as subsequent sales will attest. To add insult to injury, they still ended up paying out Randy half of his remaining contract (3 full albums). Sheesh. Talk about a Pyrrhic victory.  Although by 1990's "Ten", they had started to kick some ass again, this album represents a period of decline in relevance as they rediscovered their voice without their mentor (who doesn't necessarily take any more credit for their 70's success than Ra's songwriting. But, sometimes it's what a producer _won't_ let the artist do that's just as important, ya know?
0	This song was absolutely horrible! It was very distasteful and lacked structure. I do not recommend this song for anyone. In fact, if every CD Nick Lowe made exploded, I wouldn't have a problem! It's terrible. Do not buy or get this song! WARNING WARNING don't buy!
0	While the arrangement of this cover gets 5 stars, this performance of it gets 1 (it would get 0 if that were an option).  If you want to hear the original cover, which was done while giving proper credit where it was due, check out Jonathan Coulton!  Also, purchase the one that is "in the style of Glee" so that the purchase goes to a good cause.  <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Baby-Got-Back-In-the-Style-of-Glee/dp/B00B6LRX34/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Baby Got Back (In the Style of Glee)</a>
0	Did not order, don't know why it is showing up on my account.
0	Don't.  It doesn't have vocal tracks in the mix. It's a straight-up repeating beat. When I previewed it, I thought maybe there were no vocals because it was possibly too vulgar or they picked a weird place to put the sample. After all, it lists all of the rappers in the artist column. Wrong. WRONG. I just spent a buck on half of this song. Thanks a ton, whomever came up with this idea.
0	A heaping pile of dung. I believe in his quest to become more like his alternative comedy, he has evolved into the alternative to comedy. tradgedy.
0	Most of these are only portions of the songs, such as 1 verse and the chorus.  I would prefer the entire song.  Also, many are done with a "country feel" to them, not the traditional music you would hear in church.  I downloaded it to have songs for senior citizens to sing along with, and it isn't a hit.  Was glad I downloaded it from amazon though as i-tunes was 3 times the price.
0	It skipped many times.  I was given a full refund.
0	Paul Taylor's music is not the same as when I bought his earlier CDs. The music is not as great as it was before.
0	The instrumentation is amazing, the vocals are very good but when I first heard the lyrics I just thought WTF. This has got to be a joke. Why waste such a good riff on such a lyrically poor song. I was extremely let down. It still gives me hope for the sound of this upcoming album. If the lyrics were any better this would be one the most badass songs ever.
0	I had hopes of nice old style quality Christmas hymns and songs from Guidepost vinyl albums we have.  Not so.  This is a 3 CD set and loads of tracks but many of them are kind of jazz style, strange slow singing and empty feeling.  There were a few pleasant traditional pieces, but you have to wade through a number of dragging songs to get there. If you want to experiment it might be worth the money, but if you are looking for some uplifting Christmas music I would not recommend this.
0	thought the song would pick up but it doesn't - we were looking for something a little more dramatic but it's kind of bland.
0	Misleading name- The name of this song should be changed. Putting (Basement Tape) on it is not sufficient to distinguish it from the famous version. A real disappointment when looking for the popular version.
0	Sound was terrible. Could not here actor's speak because music is too loud
0	THIS IS NOT THE RENGADES. I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED. IT SEEMS THAT ALL THE RENEGADES MP3 DOWNLOADS HAVE THE ORIGINAL TITLE BUT ARE NOT THE SONGS BELONGING TO THAT TITLE.
0	Would it kill Amazon to get the original version of this song?  This remix is pure dreck, avoid like the plague.
0	I'm trying to award this ZERO stars but am forced to give it one.  CAREFUL - most of the reviews here are for the 1994 Broadway revival - which give high marks.  THIS MP3 recording is for the 2008/9 London revival.  The London recording is DREADFUL - Truly AWFUL.  Carousel in a cockney accent and badly sung.  Give this one a miss.  Try any of the others you find here instead.  In fact this is so badly misrepresented by Amazon by using the wrong reviews I'm going to ask for my money back. - Amazon duly issued a refund within a day of my request and agreed the wrong reviews are linked to this album.  They are working on correcting the links!  If you arrived here from the link on the Broadway Cast Revival CD page - this is not the MP3 album you are looking for.  At least on July 3rd 2010.
0	Didn't like the way it was sung. Fortunately it was free because I certainly would NOT choose to buy it.
0	Advertised as the explicit, non edited version and it's not, it's the radio version. Waste of $0.99. I need more words.
0	I was counting down the days to this album being released. I listen to Sturgill's first two albums often and couldn't wait for new stuff. So I buy the album on release day and start listening. WHAT THE HECK IS THIS?!?! The 1st track is ok, the Nirvana cover is absolutely putrid, the rest of the album is just boring and generic. Huge disappointment!
0	Her music is horrible and she supports, endorses , and sleeps with Lilo Brancato , a cop killer . If you buy or even listen to her crap then you are spitting on the grave of a brave NYPD Detective, Daniel Enchautegui and telling his lovely family and every active and retired Law Enforcement Officer that you don't care and are not part of a civilized society .
0	I PURCHASED THIS SONG BUT IT NEVER DOWNLOAD ONTO MY COMPUTER. I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT HAPPENED BUT THIS AS WELL AS MANY OTHERS WAS NEVER DOWNLOADED AND I DIDNT WANT TO DO IT AGAIN AND PAY MORE MONEY FOR SOMEHING I ALREADY PAID FOR.
0	The album is great. The sound quality of the vinyl pressing was made for crosley, and sounds like isht. Oh well, at least it looks cool in white
0	It kept me in shape reaching for the next tune button.  The dodos have 2 songs that I listened to all the way to the end, all the rest were just too pathetic.
0	This is the lowest form of music.  It's following a predictable and waning formula.  I've listened to too much amazing pop music for the basic hook to grab me. I've listened to too much great trumpet music for the gimmick of the trumpets to entertain me.
0	I just received my CD and based on the way it was packaged and the inside of the CD case, it is not new as advertised.  The CD was re-packaged with plastic, the inside piece that holds the CD in place is broken and the broken pieces are missing so I know it did not some how break during delivery, the case itself is scratched inside and out and the insert with the information about the CD has marks on it.  I do not appreciate paying for a product that is sold as new when that is clearly not the case. I will never buy anything from Kristen Overduff-Abud again!
0	I purchased this remastered LP to replace my worn out 30 year old Mobile Fidelity vinyl copy of From the Mars Hotel and have to say that while I'm a fan of most of Friday Music's reissues this remaster sounds like it was transferred directly from a digital source such as a CD straight to LP. It sounds bright and forward from the very start to end and I have an warm sounding all tube Preamp. My old Mobile Fidelity Japan pressed 30 year old copy sounds much more natural and is superior in almost every way. In fact I panicked and bought a used mint copy on Amazon from a wonderful seller a few days later. Earlier last year MoFi was supposed to re-release this album on LP but decided not to at the last minute and Friday music picked up the licensing rights instead.  This reissue isn't all bad though, as I found Phil Lesh's bass guitar sounded very full and rich throughout the recording and the LP is indeed a very quiet pressing at 180 grams. It was pressed at RTI in California and very good quality control standards were obviously taken by the staff that produced this recording.
0	Please update it to the new National Anthem that Libya has now. As after the liberating Libya from Qaddafi this Anthem has changed
0	Not listenable.  You're better off just donating to get nothing in return.
0	I so much wanted to love this album; Dylan as Sinatra. He must really believe that he doesn't sound bad, but it was painful to listen to the off key croaking. I love Dylan and I've been a fan of Frank for a long time. The longing and emotion were somewhat evident, but the production quality of the CD combined with the croaking were too much. I am very disappointed but will listen again when the weather warms up and I can drive along the ocean with my windows open.
0	It wouldn't download properly. cant hear it!
0	Not sure the guy is signing, but it's not Brett Young, that's for damn sure! Ekkk
0	I didn't appreciate his bit about joining ISIS.
0	I don't normally give a poor review. I'm more likely to lean toward average or better. The product is fine. plays well, no issues at all. The problem I have is that I didn't get it for over 24 hours. I think today you should be able to purchase a song on-line and be able to play it then and there. I ended up buying this elsewhere because I got tired of waiting. I won't buy music from Amazon anymore. but I'll still buy everything else!
0	I hate the song Sweet Home Alabama. Kid Rock combined this song with that now I can't get it out of my head. Not that Sweet Home Alabama is a bad song but I have heard way too many times. I grew up in Mississippi and I was worn out on the song by time I was five.
0	I love these songs but the quality of the album was awful. Every song clips horribly, especially "Demons". PLEASE release a better version.
0	It's terrible when FM radio plays out a song that was average to begin with. it makes it even more lackluster to the discerning listener
0	Poor quality mixing. Poor quality sound. Save your $! Look elsewhere.
0	Do not appreciate any nudity openly on Amazon
0	Well if this is the best Massive Attack album, then I won't be buying any more. Nor is this a worthy example of trip-hop IMO. This is WAY overrated! I somehow missed out on Massive Attack back in the day, yet I listened to and loved Portishead, Hooverphonic, Morcheeba, Sneaker Pimps "Becoming X", etc. There are a few good tracks, but for the most part, it's a  mish-mash. Maybe if these songs actually went somewhere and they were about half as long in length. repetitive running loops while a guy mumbles self aware hipster-speak gets dull fast. Ya know, getting a few decent female soul singers and a sequencer doesn't make a good record.
0	Am sorry I purchased the CD. Music is slow a drags. not the usual upbeat Christmas music.
0	This sounded like something that someone just threw together.  I could not use any of it and none of the songs were complete.
0	I guess the best way to describe my listening experience is by analogy. I think I was spoiled on the old Chicago. Kind of like the 72/73 Miami Dolphins. I expected them to dominate for many years but wound up playing it safe year after year and never winning another Super Bowl. Same here with Chicago. 60's and 70s with their intense musical and political statements. And then 80's and 90's mega wimpy commercial hits.  Chicago is no longer relevant like they were in the 60's and 70's. Such a shame! It is also sad they sold out once again!  I thought they were inspired again after touring last couple years with Earth Wind and Fire and that they wanted to do an album of "significance".  In many interviews during their 15 year musical hiatus, Robert Lamm has said that the band was adamant about doing an album of relevance and that they would not be pigeonholed into a being "ballad band". The band does not seem very interested in their legacy. They are more concerned about funding their retirement years with this moldy drek. I also think that WEA (Now and former label)had creative control for this project.  Well. I am certain they will get some hits from this. 3 minute pop songs for the Ipods are the name of the game today.  The songs are marginal with a couple of exceptions like "Feel", "90 Degrees", "Already Gone", "Better". If there was no Champlin, I would give it 0 stars. Since Champlin was coerced to do this cd, I give it 2 stars for Bill's voice and songwriting talents. The rest of the guys need to think about the next record whether it is solo or Chicago 31. OOOPS! I won't hold my breath as this has been rumoured to be their swan song. Too bad!
0	I was in my twenties when I first listened to this album.  It made a very poor impression then, but I thought I'd go back and take another look some decades later.  This trio's creative contributions to the band during Jim Morrison's tenure were undeniably inspired: Ray Manzarek's unique, soulful, creative keyboard renditions, Robby Krieger's classical-level guitar playing and superb songwriting ability, and John Densmore's understated but beautifully supportive drumming provided the core for arguably one of history's greatest rock bands.  What I expected from these guys, particularly from the depths of their grief over their friend's death - from such sadness often springs the most heartfelt forms of creativity - was an impressive, soul-chilling outpouring of creative spirit.  Robbie Krieger, after all, wrote some of the Doors' most popular pieces, and while Ray's singing ability was pretty questionable, he and the others were still exceptional musicians who could plumb the gold in most songs.  I would've expected the songs by and large to sound distinctly Doorsian - if not in Ray's vocals, at least in the instrumentals and structure and basic mood of the songs.  This is what I expected.  What I received was a collection of songs that to my ear sounded like a garage band on a bender.  Instead of an outpouring of creative angst from the depths of their artistic souls, their lyrics, and melodies sounded astonishingly, mind-blowingly, banal - lacking even the faintest trace of the rich, subversive, haunting melodies and lyrics that were the Doors at their gloomy gospel best.  Even their song titles practically scream low-brow mediocrity ("I'm Horny, I'm Stoned"?  Seriously?)  Listening to this album, I can't believe anyone, not knowing who these guys were, would recognize anything Doorsian about them.  Despite appearances, this review isn't about bashing the surviving members of the Doors; they provided far too much pleasure for me as a young man - and still do - to regard them with anything but the deepest respect and gratitude.  For me this is about solving a mystery: How could people who wrote or collaborated on some of rock's best songs have produced something so devoid of creative merit?  My best theory so far is that Jim Morrison contributed something well-beyond his songwriting skills and even his incomparable vocals.  I believe that contribution was most fundamentally to serve as a focus for his bandmates' creativity (he may also have imposed a clearly much-needed discipline, by rejecting mediocre melodies and lyrics).  Something about Morrison, I think, drew out the best in Krieger, Manzarek, and Densmore.  And perhaps Morrison simply wouldn't accept anything but the best from his bandmates.  Perhaps more than anything, he provided a clear and stellar vision of what they were about musically - a fertile world where their musicality could flourish.  I have little doubt that if you placed a young, hungry Jim Morrison in front of these guys even now that something wonderful would result.  I believe the post-Morrison albums vividly demonstrate that Jim was more than his stage antics, a pretty face, goosebump-producing voice, and even a songwriter: he was a primal, creative force - a Dionysus to his bandmate maenads.  With him, they were a holy, orgiastic force; without him, they were merely drunken creatures stumbling blindly through the forest.
0	Actually, to say, "i don't like it" is not totally accurate. it is more than just tolerable, but i guess i was expecting something more than i got.
0	I'm all for freedom of speech, but this song is just shock value.  Not impressed.
0	Sad sad album! As an old fan of Marilyn Mccoo I jumped to buy it when i saw she had a new release. to my deception! The album is a collection of old hits produced like it was recorded in a lobby of a 2 stars hotel! They both lost a lot of their velvet voice from the past though Marilyn Mccoo still keeps her perfect and crystal clear english. The Highlight of this album is her reedition of Bacharah's This Girl's in Love With You. There are two extra dowloadable songs that only god knows how it works to get it! If you are a fan of hers you will still get it but do not expect it to be what it used to be! I had it because i am still faithfull!
0	the Creedence Clearwater Revival album "Mardi Gras" is often hailed as the all time worst album by a major rock group. I strongly believe this T.J. & S album has it way beat. at least the John Fogerty songs on "Mardi Gras" are classic as usual, it's just the rest of the group really ruined that album. I couldn't find one worthy song on this MESSTERPIECE. don't get me wrong, i love most of T.J. & S other songs but this album is just SO BAD. Tommy James & The Shondells were not in the same class as CCR but they were a major rock group with only one less hit than CCR. if you count the Tommy James solo hit "Draggin' the Line" then they're tied. bottom line is CCR was a classic albums group and T.J. & S were strictly a singles group.
0	I am constantly amazed that today's musical groups have such little imagination that they have to cop the names of yesteryear's bands who have already earned their niches in the music world's history. . and that they do it so very badly. Bands like the People, Touch, White Witch, Armageddon,(and the list goes on and on)were extraordinary one-of-a-kinds. And yet, modern bands continue to take those names for themseles, then release inferior, common, boring music, and expect no one to notice the difference while they attempt to suck in $ on the names of others. Pathetic!
0	Weak vocals, weak instrumental. They clearly have lowered the key for several songs yet Joseph sounds like he is straining.  He sounds like he's lying on his back with a collapsed lung.  Where is the Donny Osmond version that I love?  Other versions of this soundtrack are 5 stars.  This one is terrible.
0	I would not buy this album.  There is a track missing and the new dubbs in the speaking parts are terrible!
0	I have a vynil copy of that album, and won't buy the CD, cause there are much better options to waste money! "Zipper" is a strange album of an artist that was a great star during the early-mid 70's, but during the Disco and the "New wave", turned to be irrelevant. His worst album "Lace and whiskey" and "Zipper" are strange experiences to make a come-back, but he had to wait few more years. "Zipper" reminds us sometimes the classic Alice of "Love it to death", "School's out" etc., but it's far from being on the same level.
0	This band was my religion and my law for years.  That began to decline when I started feeling fleeced by the incessant releases of live albums and DVD's as well as very disappointing albums.  I believed THUNDER IN THE SKY could have been a turning point but then the BATTLE HYMNS rehash happened.  Now this.  Eric Adams doesn't sing lyrics, it sounds like he is saying them. He is the only thing that delivered on every album and this is extremely disappointing from the best vocalist in Metal. Hamzig's drumming is fine.  It's nice to hear him perform something other than BH songs.  I never thought I would say this but Karl Logan's guitar work doesn't bother me on this album.  It's simple and gets the job done no silly flashy playing like he usually does.  Dare I say he may finally be playing with some sort of feeling?  One of the few strong points of this album.  It pains me to say that since he was a jerk when I met him.  Ok time to hurt someone's feelings. DeMaio's bass sounds like a synthesizer or using a slide to play the notes.  It's pretty bad and annoying.  Every song it sounds the same.  I am dumbfounded over this awful sound and it demands an explanation.  Is this his attempt at dub step?  It certainly isn't the true metal sound.  The overall production reminds me of Electronic Dance Music where they switch channels for an "interesting" speaker or headphone experience.  One thing EDM has that this album doesn't is heavy bass.  Seriously. if you are going to attempt doom metal (Black List). you need that deep bass. sorry.  Put away the picolo bass if you wanted to "evolve".  Not so many songs about Vikings (which should be left to AMON AMARTH) and it KIND OF reminds me of SIGN OF THE HAMMER album lyrics (I can never forgive "all men and small boys" and if someone could explain "Bigfoot Bigfoot caught in a well". please).  SOTH is an awesome album and this isn't.  At times they remind me of Dr. Suess rhymes (which of course is what rap music is like).  The only standard Manowar formula thing this album is missing is a song about a Harley.  Maybe he lost that word among the refrigerator magnets used to construct the lyrics of this album?  Let's take a look at each song:  THE LORD OF STEEL: starts off like a Dr. Suess rhyme but has musical moments.  Lazy lyric writing.  Poor opening song to an album.  MANOWARRIORS: again has musical moments but we heard these lyrics before.  Another disappointment.  I expected a good anthem like WARRIORS OF THE WORLD.  Nope.  BORN IN A GRAVE: finally some lyrics and music that are different, not a bad song but the mixing is ridiculous and ruins it.  At this point I ask, "why isn't Eric singing?"  RIGHTEOUS GLORY: First mention of Odin on the album.  It would have been nice to use Eric's vocals better on this one.  He can sing so let him.  I wonder if he was sick the day they recorded this album?  TOUCH THE SKY:  The bass is ridiculous on this song.  It's like an incessant hum of tones and that's a shame because this is one of the better songs on the album.  Like I mentioned, DeMaio's bass playing demands an explanation.  BLACK LIST:  Attempt at Doom Metal that falls flat.  Humming bass that sounds like EDM.  Drumming could have been heavier as well.  Lyrics aren't good and vocals sound "pro-tooled".  This song could have been very good.  EXPENDABLE: a pathetic, sad attempt at trying to get a song on a soundtrack to a movie that will make a lot of money.  This is the type of song that requires a 80's movie fight training montage to support the ridiculous lyrics that Eric simply recites.  An incredible loss of power in his voice.  Did something happen to his voice that I don't know about?  EL GRINGO:  This is a silly song that sounds like a TACO BELL commercial.  Head for the border.  ANNIHILATION: Dr. Suess rhymes.  1980's Atari ACTIVISION video game sounding bass.  Pro-tooled vocals.  Disgraceful.  HAIL KILL AND DIE: now that they have hailed and killed for years it's time to die. Duly noted.  Channel switching guitar riff is so incredibly cheesy but what is worse is that this is another effort where they take their own song and album titles and arrange them in a paragraph.  The chorus sounds like Frat boys attempting to be tough guys at a metal show where they are clearly out of place. Really douche chill inducing.  THE KINGDOM OF STEEL: a boring lullaby that sounds like something KAMELOT could cover and would do a much better job.  Even if I wasn't a former fan this is a crap metal album in general.  I hate I didn't download it for free before purchasing it.  This is more of a novelty act like STEEL PANTHER and there are better bands in the "true metal" genre.  I'm sure their European live shows are amazing but DeMaio really needs to take a step back with the studio albums.  Anytime a band creates it's own studio the music suffers.  Much like METALLICA has sucked since Cliff Burton died, this band is not the same since ROSS THE BOSS.  I have a feeling he kept DeMaio's ego in line until he couldn't take it anymore.  Technology has ruined this band.  They used to be proud of plugging in and just playing.  That formula still works and I wish DeMaio would remember those times.  I REALLY want to love this band again.  He needs put aside the "FTW I'll do what I want" attitude or getting so butt hurt he threatens to blow everyone onstage with loudness or doing some hailing and killing, blah blah blah. but you can't argue with crazy.  Some people believe the Earth is flat and they will never be convinced.  Maybe in 20 years he will remake this album too?
0	Once I'd downloaded this song, I felt deceived by the sample clip available here. Cincotti definitely has potential, but he ruined what could've been a beautiful song by trying to sing high notes that were beyond his range. He sounded rather screechy. The title track was also somewhat misleading, because it led me to expect a slow, tender seduction song, not a sad one. I do think Peter could do really well if he learned to work within his vocal range and select better material to sing.
0	The tune was a repeat of past 'Have Fun Teaching' songs and too advance for my 4/5 year Olds. I am able to a adjust most of three other songs I have purchased. The other songs like Water Cycle were great
0	Not even going to waste my time writing in detail about this piece of trash. It's a shame what passes for hip-hop these days. People seem to be more in love with Weezy's production than his lyrics, which is apparent to anyone that actually cares about the lyrics at all, because Lil Wayne is whack.  I'm not a "hater", I don't gain anything by dissing Lil Wayne at all. He's just another average, untalented, main stream clown in this giant cesspool of noise these record companies are trying to pass off as Hip-Hop. Also, the fact that people are claiming that the albums in the Carter Trilogy are classics is unsettling to my stomach. If this dude's the best there is, you guys can have him; I prefer a little more substance in my music.
0	i noticed seventy seven people also didn't order this and it showed up in their orders. not a way to promote a band.
0	Beautiful, timeless love songs! Delight in the magic of enduring love and devotion with these 74 romantic ballads performed by the legendary stars that made them famous. Dim the lights, then fall in love all over again with. Roses Are Red (My Love), Bobby Vinton *'I Will Always Love You, Dolly Parton *'Endless Love, Lionel Ritchie with Diana Ross * When a Man Loves a Woman, Michael Bolton *'Always on My Mind, Willie Nelson *'You Are So Beautiful, Joe Cocker * Crazy, Patsy Cline * Candle in the Wind, Elton John *  Songs by Original Artists:  disc. 1. What a wonderful world - Unchained melody - Don't it make my brown eyes blue - Candle in the wind - Green, green grass of home - Crazy - Morning has broken - I will always love you - Being with you - Blue Bayou - Lady - Got to be there - Breakin' up is hard to do - Time in a bottle - Roses are red (My love) - Everything is beautiful - Love letters in the sand - Memories - December 1963 (Oh, what a night) - Send in the clowns.  disc. 2. Always on my mind - The wedding song (There is love) - You don't have to say you love me - The last waltz - Times of your life - (Hey won't you play) Another somebody done somebody wrong song - The most beautiful girl - Please Mr. please - I'll have to say I love you in a song - Unforgettable - I'm sorry - All I have to do is dream - Make the world go away - When I fall in love - Release me (And let me love again) - Blue velvet - It's impossible - Chances are - Moon river.  disc. 3. When a man loves a woman - Save the best for last - You are so beautiful - Dream a little dream of me - By the time I get to Phoenix - Paper roses - Stand by me - Delta dawn - I only have eyes for you - The impossible dream - The wind beneath my wings - Wild world - Honey - And I love you so - The look of love - Make it with you - Reason to believe - Sorry seems to be the hardest word.  disc. 4. Our day will come - The way I want to touch you - Wichita lineman - Let it be me - I'll never love this way again - My melody of love - I can see clearly now - I couldn't live without your love - One less bell to answer - I'd like to teach the world to sing (in perfect harmony) - We've got tonight - Endless love - Goin' out of my head/ Can't take my eyes off of you - Up where we belong - Best thing that ever happened to me - Three times a lady - An old fashioned love song - Your wildest dreams.
0	Well, having listened to this C.D.,I'm sorry to say this album is pure crap! Yes, I am a die hard Beatles fan, but I can't figure why anybody would like this recording. The instruments sound cheap,the drummer is woeful and the sound in parts sounds thin. I admit this is an early offering by the fab three and poor drummer, but parts of this are unlistenable. I heard my mates copy and wouldn't even bother to buy it myself. Very poor album.
0	Clicked on this too quickly before noticing it's not the original.
0	I loved the song, but it didn't download all the way. I can only listen to part of the song.
0	Dear Sir or Madam,    I have had some difficulty in enjoying this CD.  However, it must be good to use the right half of our brain, which is usually not used.
0	First of all, you can barely make out most of what they are saying.  The production values are terrible.  I could have done a better job with a 1980's 3 channel analog mixer in a garage with no sound buffering lining.  In fact, I'm pretty sure they recorded it on a 10-year-old webcam and mic set-up using sound-mixing emulation software that they obtained in a cracked version.  Secondly, the message is stupid.  They don't really have anything worthwhile to say, and I regret wasting the time giving them a chance to change my mind.  Everything about this band, about this album, was a waste of time.  This is why they needed to put a photo of a blond with suggestive body tape on the cover.  There's no way the music was going to sell this album!
0	I must have ordered this by mistake because I don't remember it.  Was I supposed to download it or what?  I would like my money back please
0	I love Dyan.  This CD came as a shock.  Slow, boring, uninspired, dreadful.  Update, I listened to it again.  It's even worse than I thought.  His singing is like a parody; it's amateurish; he'd be laughed off the stage at American Idol.  Horrible!  I can't believe he released this.
0	I know I should have read the information closer so my fault BUT - there is only one song on this CD - one song.  I was hoping to hear more from this talented artist.  I was so disappointed.
0	Not as expected.  Thought the music would be calming,  but it has so many short pieces it was not enjoyable for me.
0	I buy the song but they never let me download it into my computer
0	Sound quality is poor - probably original.  It would be better if the tracks had been remastered.  At least you get to hear the way the music sounded by the original bands at the time they were produced.
0	I enjoyed it more when I was a 16 year old hippie. Audio quality was good. I forgot the rant about God though and that was enough for me to delete it.
0	Came in distorted couldn't even hear it
0	Not that bad of a tribute CD, but as for myself, I'd REALLY prefer to listen to the actual Floyd lp. 'The Moon Revisited' is basically nine different unknown artists that cover one track each of the famed 'Dark Side Of the Moon' album. If you're a major, and I do mean MAJOR Floyd nut, you may get more out of this CD than I did. The track "The Great Gig In The Sky" about had me nearly crying for mercy, the woman vocalist just goes on and on. to put it another way, 'The Moon Revisited' is like a Pink Floyd cover band. Tunes like "Speak To Me", "Brain Damage" and "Eclipse" are okay, at best.
0	This is a very average song and Cook screams in some places instead of singing. Hard to believe that Chris Cornell wrote it.
0	Having worn out my vinyl copy of Animalisms, the Animals third album, the first beeing "The Animals" and the second "Animals Tracks, I bought the cd on the Repertoire label and it easily qualifies as the worst remastering job I've heard so far.  The original punchy sound with excellent bass and good high  definition is degraded to a muddy sound that sound like beeing re-recorded in a bathman PLUS that someone put some strange extra ECHO on the tracks. A complete failure ! Repertoire should fire the engineer and give it another try- thank God I have the original on tape - in stereo !
0	I'm a big fan of Terry Hall and The Colourfield's fantastic first album, Virgins & Philistines, but with personnel changes and a different vibe, this album pales in comparison. Terry's voice is still great but he goes in a different direction musically and it is just not on par with the first album in my opinion, which is still one of my favorites from the mid-80's.
0	It pains me to see so many 1 star reviews coming from Dylan's own fan base.  I have been a fan for over 40 years, and I cannot disagree with the negative opinions rendered.  Bob Dylan's voice has been shot for quite a few years now, but that hasn't stopped him from making critically acclaimed albums like "Modern Times".  This holiday outing is not laughable as some have stated, but it is an embarrassment that Columbia records released it in the first place, and in the process exposed Dylan's now vulnerable voice that sounds painfully inadequate.  The only song on this entire cd that works is "Must Be Santa", Which should have been released as a limited edition X-Mas single for this charitable cause.  His live shows have become incoherent because of his smoke torn voice.  He changes all the arrangements of his songs during live shows, because he can no longer sing those notes as they were recorded.  There comes a time in everyones life, when it is time to get off the stage, whether you are a doctor, heavy equipment operator, or in this case an musician.  I believe that the time has come for Bob Dylan to do exactly that, and get off the stage and reflect on his iconic career, without having to be laughed at any longer because he hung on too long like a washed up prize fighter.
0	I love DT & I respect them for taking a chance but this album doesn't work for me.  I suspect that I would enjoy it more if I give it more time but I'm just not interested in investing the time right now.
0	So. now you don't pay to download an actual file, you pay to listen to one song at a time in yet another music playing app? I already pay for Spotify, I only wanted an MP3 to make into a ringtone. This is 100% useless to me.
0	I understand this song is supposed to be all political and deep and whatnot, but her voice and the sound of this song altogether makes me want to stick a screwdriver into my eardrum so that I never have to listen to one second of this song ever again for as long as I live.  I'm very diverse in my music tastes but I HATE this song, I really think this is the worst song ever to be released in the history of time.
0	Pay atttention. From a mix tape and does not have the whole song (pointless)
0	"Stanley Climbfall" had some big shoes to fill, a job that it failed to accomplish. This is nowhere near the Lifehouse quality that was shown on "No Name Face". Talk about a Sophmore slump! The first singe "Spin" is pretty good, as is the title track. The best track on the record is "Take Me Away", it is BEAUTIFUL! Unfortunately I can't say the same for the rest of this cd. that's junk!
0	you can buy a cd same price with 73 tracks on it .so if you haven't got that .then don't buy this nokia site as the album on download
0	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Harvey-the-Moonglows-2000/dp/B0019GN3ZS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Harvey & the Moonglows 2000</a>  If you prefer original versions search under The Moonglows and you will find 20th Century collection among others with original cuts, and Harvey Fuqua singing lead.
0	After I had heard David Gilmore talk about this project, I have to admit, I was excited to get my hands on this box set, from one of my Fav. bands. I could not even get through 12 songs before I realized, what a collection of cutting room floor garbage this crap is. David and Nick are banking on the popularity of Floyd, to sell this GARBAGE, and will probably do well with their past image. I find nothing new or even the slightest bit interesting about the music on this disc. The two songs done on the DVD disc,( which I have not watched yet ) might be the only good thing about this disc collection. The booklet is kind of OK, but even that is not worth the price you pay. If you feel you must have this, I suggest you wait a couple of years, and you can get a used copy ( only played once ) for very cheap. In fact, you can have mine for 3 dollars. LOL
0	I really wanted to like this album as I bought it the first day it came out. I bought it. and also got two bonus tracks "Butterfly" and "Christmas Song" (for a total of 18) on this version. I'm very sorry to say that India's sophomore effort is jinxed. I have listened to it carefully about five times and nothing really stands out. The tracks become monotonous because the production is weak and the lyrics are extraordinarily sappy and preachy. The best song India has done aside from her first album is "Butterfly." This song stood out on the Red Star Sounds compilation album. Sadly, this song is rehashed on this album but this version completely destroyed the beauty of the original. Instead of a strong, punctuating beat to accompany some good lyrics from the original, the new version slows to a crawl and never builds the momentum of the original. The Christmas Song with Stevie Wonder is nothing more than filler. India's messages just do not resonate with me on this album. She actually seemed more mature and realistic on her first album, while this album is very idealistic and overly positive. Hopefully she will make more classics like Brown Skin, Back to the Middle, Video, and Nature in the future.
0	The tape won't play. It drags. Ive tried other tapes in the same player and have no problems.
0	As many people may know by now, Sony was recently caught with egg on their face when a security specialist found out that a recently purchased CD (Van Zant: Get Right With The Man) from Sony music not only installed DRM software (digital rights management, to limit and outright prevent copying music to certain devices), but it did so in such a sneaky way that it hid itself entirely from Windows, and opened the system up to security issues such as viruses.  This CD has the same copyright protection, called XCP. When installed, Sony hijacks your computer and installs custom software which:  1) Hides itself entirely from Windows by installing as a rootkit  2) Hides itself in such a manner that any files begining with $sys$ are also hidden. For example, if you install the XCP copy protection software on your machine, and rename "document.doc" to "$sys$document.doc" it then becomes invivisble to you forever.  3) Installs its own custom CD-Rom drivers to hijack your system. It also sneakily names these drivers "Plug and Play Device Manager" to seem as if it's a part of Windows. Trying to delete these drivers manually will disable your CD-Rom drive entirely.  4) Offers no uninstall option until you manually contact Sony  As of my writing this review, Sony has "apologized" for this incident, and claims they will "re-evaluate" this copyright protection software on their CDs in the future.  In the meantime, a virus is currently running wild, which names itself begining with $sys$ in an attempt to hide from the user and virus scanners.  Several class action lawsuits are also pending against Sony right now.  In summary, as you can tell from above, Sony's actions here are absolutely horrible. This is your music. You purchased it, and they should not have any right to dictate how you can use it, let alone install software which compromises your system security.  This is one of the CDs with Sony's XCP copyright protection software on it, and as a result, you should not buy it to send a message to Sony that this will NOT be tolerated in the future.
0	As of this writing, many of the tracks on this album are misnumbered/mislabled.
0	God, what a letdown this was. People in the global internet Nirvana worshiping community were foaming at the mouth for this thing for months, until they saw the tracklisting - the original record, b-sides that every already has, the Smart Studios tape that EVERYONE already has (and isn't that good) and a live CD that everyone already has. Then they got REAL bummed when they heard it and realized it was "brickwalled" in the mastering stage, meaning, as someone else has already explained, compressed to hell so everything is the same volume (loud) and it hurts your ears, getting rid of many aural details in the process.  No doubt, the boombox rehearsal tape and the "Devonshire Mixes" were tantalizing. I was really hoping for the Devonshire Mixes to deliver, as Butch's mix of Breed on With the Lights Out is KILLER. However, they are kind of all over the place, which I suppose one should expect for rough mixes - some drums are too loud (Lithium), some too buried in the mix (Breed, Territorial Pissings), etc. I wanted to love them, but overall I don't. I do prefer the vocals on there, as they actually sound like vocals and not wrapped in plastic, and the bass sounds like a bass. People who are seriously into engineering seem to have problems with the different sounds of the drums. It's nothing I notice though. Also, if you wanna see hardcore Nirvana fans get REALLY pissed off, Google "Sound City Sappy."  In the end, the Boombox tape is definitely the gem here. Much better quality than I was expecting and it has never been circulated in any form anywhere. Really interesting stuff to see the band developing these monster songs in a time that would, in retrospect, be the calm before the storm. It's that much-fabled "last innocence" period.  Now to get at what you receive in exchange for your money - four CDs, a DVD and a hardcover book for $109-$130+, depending where you got (get) it. With the Lights Out is currently around $40 here and you get three CDs, a DVD and a softcover book. Both have substantial packaging. With the Lights Out had WAY more unreleased stuff on it, like most of it. All of Disc One and part of Disc Two on the other hand, has been released commercially. Disc Four replicates the DVD, which again, has been available as a high-quality audio bootleg since time immemorial. Plus, all the live b-sides are from this show, so those songs appear three times on the set - what? Anyway, you can buy the Deluxe for $20 and the DVD for $16 or so. What do you miss out on? Not much. Not much.  Seriously, why have not more people reviewed this thing to spread the truth?
0	I never purchased it, it piggy backed on another order and claims i wanted it. besides that its awful. whiny voices, cheesy boring and silly. sounds like typical office people trying to "get in touch" with emotions and make a"moving" song lol.
0	I bought album for some old favorites I remember. The playlist lists the correct song title but the song that plays is different. Most songs are probably correct but four of my traditional favorites (When Irish Eyes are Smiling, Who put the Overalls.,MacNamara's Band, etc) were not really what played. Very strange but a waste of money.
0	I was unable to download this MP3 without downloading software I don't want (Amazon's music player). I already have a music player, and it works fine. I just wanted a favorite tie song.
0	Showed item to artist and was told it was fake. Checked artist copy and it's completely different
0	What the others say is true. I bought this CD back in the early nineties. I soon discovered it was nothing but a bootleg CD copied from an LP.  No stereo and one song plays faster than it should. I have the original Mercury stereo LP (all tracks were stereo except one).  Just an FYI, the stereo LP version of Please Don't Talk To The Lifeguard is a bit different then the released 45 version.  You can hear most of the stereo LP songs on YouTube.  Search for "Diane Ray Stereo".
0	Worse song ever, with all of her success and talent and this is what she creates?  Get a life.
0	Heard him singing with his mom on her album and had to hear what else he had to offer.  Not much!  He gave it his all when singing with her, but he sounded a little bored with the whole thing on his own album.  Didn't sound as though he was giving it his all!  Sorry!
0	I paid for the song because I wanted the MP3. After I paid for it, it will only let me listen to it through Amazon. That does me no good. I want the MP3 that I paid for.
0	I didn't want to use the credit card that got charged and it appears there is not process to change it after or during the purchase.
0	Thie album is pretty good, Redneck Crazy is by far the best song. I would not buy music from amazon again. Have to use their player to down load and it is crap. Have to pa 25 a year to add your tracks to it if you have over 250
0	I bought this for my 8 months old and she is not impressed by it at all. She much rather listens to the radio. Guess I could have saved the money
0	And this year's crud-fest winner, the person who received the most votes from every brain-dead glossy eyed plankton watching . who even CARES anymore?  Yet another drone pulled off the production line, this gimp being another in the long run of Inoffensive Handsome White Boys, aimed primarily at stupid people and, judging by the popularity of this single, there are an awful, awful lot of.  So let's talk about the single. With the exception of the excrement that was last years winner (Steve Brookstein, currently Missing In Action - yet another one-hit wonder who we'll never see again) first (and only) solo attempt - the dire Phil Collins cover, this is easily the worst actual attempt at a SONG yet.  Originally planned for Westlife, "That's My Goal" was panned and rejected by them (THEM! Westlife!) for being too weak, but it sure wasn't weak enough for Shayne Ward, currently number one for the fourth week running as I type this.  But what does that MEAN, exactly? I'll tell you - nothing. The general public are SUCH idiots, such pathetic, "tell us what to buy and we will" easily led cretins, that they would buy ANYTHING after seeing it on a reality program. Shayne Ward could have released a record of him whistling the Marmite theme and it would have gone straight to number one.  And it's going to continue, isn't it? This was a massive hit, the show was a massive hit, so we're going to continue to be bombarded with bland, generic singers and pointless songs like this. If you BOUGHT this junk, or if you WATCHED this junk, The Curmudgeon holds YOU personally responsible. You should be ASHAMED of yourself for bringing yourself down to the gutter masses, watching this easily-digestible pond-life program, and buying its cynical, disgusting products.  One day, I hope to live in a world where television is not swamped by reality television, where TV schedules and budgets are not ruled by programs aimed at the great unwashed, where the charts are not in the vice-like grasp of dire TV talent show winners (and losers). That, ladies and gentlemen, THAT, is my goal.  The_Curmudgeon_Hates_You@yahoo.co.uk
0	Shania is my favorite female artist of all time, and one of my favorite artists as well. So, I was so excited to hear that she had finally released a new song. But, I was horribly disappointed when I heard this song. I really expected better from her than this! In the past, I would have bought a Shania CD without bothering to preview it first because I knew that it would be really good, if not excellent. When Shania finally releases her next CD, I'll definitely preview it first, and if it's as bad as "Today Is Your Day," I may not even bother buying it.
0	This is terribly, embarrassingly boring. I know that Phil Spector isn't dead yet, but even he must be practicing spinning in his grave if he's been subjected to this rebel-biker jagoff bupkis. If you thought Garbage was garage, you just might possibly mistake The Raveonettes' latest stinker for an entire landfill. In either case, take my advice and head in the opposite direction. "In & Out of Control" is nothing more than Disney music for the cutting set. The stuffed toy market most definitely also extends to the suicidal-fantasy demographic. Cotton candy nooses and jelly has-beens.  Oh, I buried you today indeed.
0	No plot synopsis or any information about the production included.
0	This is an absolutely horrible copy of one of the finest performances ever recorded.  The cracking noises make it almost unlistenable, completely unworthy of the quality of GMO's fine session.  You can hear the crackles in the preview - yes, it's that bad and worse all the way through.  I'm surprised anyone bothered to release such a bad copy; sounds like it was made with a 40-year-old turntable on cheap equipment.  This recording of the same performance is MUCH cleaner: http:/ www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0013ARZCM/
0	While the package art is nice, I think that's about the best part of this disc.  The best songs are at the end of the disc, and the new vocalist is o.k., but not a Jon Anderson.  Most of the songs on the cd sound the same and feel monotonous.  I've listened to this about a dozen times, thinking it would "grow on me", but I just don't enjoy it.
0	I would rate this CD as "Just OK". For the money there are better sounding versions out there. This has the UK mixes which sound flat and lifeless. It has 4 bonus tracks, ironically from the US LP, which are already on the album. A better choice for bonus tracks would have been some songs that are not already on the album like - "I'll Get You & Baby It's You." I give it 2 stars out of a possible 5.
0	The song is great, but the quality of the download from Amazon is absolutely horrendous. I will never purchase music from Amazon again. Very disappointed.
0	Oddly amusing song. Was curious after hearing the song with her and new hubby Chad Kroeger. Lyrics for the younger audience,  good beat!
0	i was really hoping for that sound they make. loved other albums of theirs. but this one is different. its good. but i don't care for it. it was a great buy.
0	Well, Keysha Cole is a well loved and respected artist, however, if you like her CD then you will LOVE the REAL Woman to Woman which is a book dedicated to women from all walks of life. This is not a book to shove religion down anyone's throat, it's a book of encouragement and strategies for the everyday woman to conquer everyday problems/issues women face. Here is the link&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Woman-to-Woman-Spiritual-Strategies-for-the-Everyday-Woman/dp/1484096304/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Woman to Woman Spiritual Strategies for the Everyday Woman</a>
0	Far too cloying. The original Fleetwood Mac version was sweet without being cloying and is far, far superior. Unfortunately, that version is not available as a legal MP3 download. I'm left with the option of buying the CD of Bare Trees for this song.
0	I downloded this song to listen to new music, but it is not my preference. It is a very experimental music for my preference.
0	With a very soothing voice I thought I would drift off immediately to sleep. You are asked to visualize a beautiful cozy cabin and a crackling fire in the fireplace. When her voice leaves you assumably asleep for 20 minutes you are abandoned to the sound of a very silly sounding crackling fire that  sounds more like a recording of a recording of an artificial fire. The sound of the wind is also provided and has a similar effect as the fire in the fireplace. Fortunately it was only a 99 cent wasted expenditure. There are some good sleep aid recordings available but this is not one of them.
0	This song is pretty slow, I think. I don't know why I didn't like it. I just didn't like it very much.
0	Seriously? No wonder black people laugh at us. I think it's time white people (and all musicians for that matter) start bringing actual musicians (for the generation who may not know what that is, it's people with rhythm and who pick up these funny things called instruments)  back into the recording studio. This synthesized stuff is too tacky for words. It gives me elevator and Walmart sense-memory. I don't even think this is good enough for a musak award.
0	Disappointed, but never with much hope. It's a shame.
0	This type of music does not follow the rules. Whatever happened to good old-fashioned Church Music? I'm serious.  This type of music, known by most in the Ward as "Rock" or "Metal" must be burned and flushed down the toilet. I had to whip my son with my leather belt because he was playing this kind of music rather than playing gospel music on the piano.  Nirvana was not a good band. The lead yeller committed suicide, which is a direct pathway to Hell and a guaranteed dance with the horrible Satan. If you are like me, you will not even think about this album and try to convince others to burn this album and get rid of it forever.  I hate rock and roll and I have taken it upon myself as my duty to get rid of modern music and bring back the gospel music of the Holy Mormon Church.
0	.  Some of you may wish to buy this Chicago album because, foolishly like me, you want to listen to the music and songs of the guys in 'Chicago', but you get to listen to the compositions of :  1- 'Dannay Orton',  2- 'Blair Daly',  3- 'Greg Barnbill',  4- 'Dennis Matkosky',  5- 'Chas Sandford',  6- 'Jay DeMarcus',  7- 'Brett James',  8- 'George Hawkins Jr.',  9- 'Marcus Hummon',  who are not in the band.  With only 1 song (out of 12) written entirely by a band member, apparently either the band are no longer capable of making music or the producers think so.  If you, foolishly like me, buy this album to hear the band play, you have to listen to:  1- 'Lee Thornberg'  :  trumpet,  2- 'James Matchack'  :  Keyboards,  3- 'Jay DeMarcus'  :  keyboards,  4- 'Tom Bukovac'  :  guitar,  5- 'Dan Huff'  :  guitar,  6- 'Dean DeLeo'  :  guitar,  7- 'Yankton Mingua'  :  guitar,  8- 'Jack Kincade'  :  guitar,  9- 'Jay DeMarcus'  :  guitar.  10- 'Steve Brewster'  :  drums,  11- 'John Brockman'  :  drums,  and listen to the vocals of :  12- 'Shelly Fairchild',  13- 'Rascal Flatts',  14- 'Gary LeVox',  15- 'Jay DeMarcus',  16- 'Joe Don Roony',  17- 'Bobby Kimball'  18- 'Joseph Williams';  So in the eyes of Mr Jay DeMarcus, the Producer of this album, allegedly by Chicago, 16 additional musicians and 9 song writers were necessary to do the job that the band themselves were, in his eyes, incapable of doing!  Jay DeMarcus himself has played guitar, and keys, as well as treating us to some singing. I am glad he had some fun, but I was not paying to hear him and his other 15 friends he called to the party at the expense of Chicago.  If I had wanted to listen to all those other 25 people I would have asked for their names in the shop, not ask for Chicago. Is it too much to ask to be listening to Chicago's music when we get a `Chicago' CD?  I am not referring to the quality of music here, which is purely a matter of personal taste but, good or bad, I wanted to listen to 'Chicago'. I don't mind if I don't like the songs, as long as it is THEIR music. But apparently, in the eyes of the producers and financiers of this album, there is not a viable 'Chicago' anymore which they can trust to write and record its own music; only a name to milk . as they did with Chicago 19 and 21, but far worse this time.  I do not mean to offend the taste of those who find the music on this CD pleasant enough to enjoy it; I do however mean to offend that faithless producer, Jay DeMarcus, who has made an art of mediocrity and lack of vision, and has offended the band by showing clearly that, as their producer, he believes that the compositions and playing of all those other musicians would somehow be better for the album than that of the Chicago themselves.  His treatment of Keith in particular is almost unbelievable: 6 guest guitarists? He has not let Keith play on at least 9 of the songs!  And he has not let Tris play drums on 4 of the songs!  This is a joke.  Not sure how Mr DeMarcus can say he is proud of the boys! He seems to me to be ashamed of them and prefer to hide and burry them under the works of others. If he was proud of them he would not disempower them in this fashion and make a sad joke of them on their last album.  But the band themselves, whom I had continued to love for decades, should have known better, after a thinking pause of 15 years, what to choose to go out on, and what legacy and memory to leave behind; cause they are not going to get a chance to do another album after this. A bunch of the usual type ballads, indistinguishable from any out-takes from any of the albums from 16 to 21, written AND performed in great part by others, is an unworthy epitaph, for a band that used to be more than just a brand name for a bunch of writers and players to sell their stuff under.  Conclusion :  1- If you are a fan of the Chicago 1 to 7, entirely avoide this album and save your stomach a lot of churning.  2- If you are a fan of the Chicago 8 to 11, you may find a couple of nice pieces here that you might enjoy, such as the one by Robert. Borrow it from a friend for a listen.  3- If you are a fan of the Chicago 12 to 17, you will find several pieces here that you will enjoy very much. Worth buying for occasional listening.  4- If you are a fan of Chicago 18 to 21, you are not going to care who made the songs and who played them and you will totally love the whole of this album, which is more of the same. It has some good playing by some people, just the sort of songs you enjoyed on those other albums, and good production. Buy it and love it.
0	Let me say first I'm a big James Taylor fan. But this CD just sucks. The music is great as usual,. but the lyrics will lose you. There are two songs on this CD that are ok,. but just ok. They are Far Afghanistan and maybe You and I Again. The rest of the lyrics are just hogwash. They are words of a man reminiscing about nothing in particular and everything in general and trying to make sense of it all. ERG: "Ay caramba, one note samba, la la la la bamba.". OR " JOLLY SPRINGTIME, Oh the jolly springtime, in the merry month of May, Oh the heavenly hours, Oh the come again day." OR "the bird is on the wing, the bell is about to ring, the big girl she's about to sing, today, today, today."  The opening song Today, Today, Today is a horribly conceived song,. infantile rhyming patterns, melodyless monotone and very annoying nasal singing. Perhaps brilliant artists like James Taylor just lose their creativity and spontaneity as they grow older and are not able to focus on simple storytelling anymore. I don't know,. but I had to listen to this CD 4 times before I realized I had no idea what the hell he was talking about.
0	Why do you make me so happy and also want to to die on the same album?
0	Not so much.  Only one or two songs I enjoy.  Too "all over the place" as far as music goes.
0	This is BS, the purpous of digital music is to choose what songs you want and not forced to buy an entire album.
0	While, at 99 cents, the collection is quite cheap and features some fine performances, buyers should be aware that the highly regarded performance of the Messiah by the Bach Collegium Japan is butchered rather badly:  it is drastically (and clumsily cut).  We get the soprano's recitative "There were shepherds abiding in the field," but not the marvelous aria that follows.  And "His Yoke is Easy, His Burden is Light,"  along with "He Shall Feed his Flock" is also missing.  I'd have gladly given up a few of the other 111 "amazing" tracks in order to get a Messiah that wasn't edited in such a clumsy fashion.  This seems like a performance worth getting to know, but those who purchase this collection will be missing quite a bit.  (A helpful commentator on this review pointed out the the entire Bach Collegium Japan Messiah is available in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/111-Amazing-Classical-Handel/dp/B00G7KBSB2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">111 Amazing Classical: Handel</a>
0	Its a great song but the quality of the file is low. Its not even 128bit. Sounds like it was recorded on audio tape
0	This song was purchased my mistake by my son.  I've never really been into it.  I have to learn to lock my phone. lol
0	Frank Sinatra would not attempt to do rock, rod should not attempt to do old standards. Strictly commercial, no heart.
0	The sound quality of this cd is awful. Can't imagine what it would be like if it hadn't been remasterd.
0	It's a typical contemporary song. It makes a great high school reunion song. For me it's John Mayer's debut song. "You will know what all this time was for," indicates his confidence in his songs.
0	I had no idea that 9 out of 10 songs were NOT ORIGINAL recordings  and 5 out of those 9 were flat out horrible.  Don't waste your money if you want ORIGINAL.  I had forgotten how bad K-tell recordings were
0	WRONG cd in case. Case cracked. High price.
0	Lucinda Williams, the finest songwriter of the century, needs to return to the great songs she wrote in the beginning of her career.  The only song on West that I really liked was "West".  I will continue to buy all her albums anyway, I think she is great!
0	I hate you i hate you i hate you. i had a credit and i tried to use it for two songs.  they got sent to 2 different folders.  now it says the download took too long.  and i lost my $ and the song.  YOu stink, Amazon.  make it easier to spend my own damn money.  thanks.
0	It downloaded twice.  I called for credit.  They told me they had issued the credit but when I went to use my account again I notice I had not been issued the credit for this item.
0	Though, I'll take some responsibility. I downloaded from iTunes & should/could have listened to the samples. My bad. How can they use the same name as an already existing band? And produce music like this while using that name? Really, it should be an outrage.  I'm stuck with stupid music that I paid for. Oh well. I'll just chalk it up to my own carelessness. Hopefully it won't come up in random very often.
0	Yes, this album should shut up all those that say that Steve Harris IS Iron Maiden. Steve may be the main composer in Maiden, but British Lion proves that he can't achieve the extraordinary level of an Iron Maiden album by himself. He DOES need the other 5 guys. Also, it dissapoints that Harris got this singer, Richard Taylor, for the album. The difference between Bruce Dickinson and this guy is like the difference between a Ferrari and a beat up bicycle. I'm not saying Bruce should have been on the album, but that Steve should have known what fans expected of him and gotten a decent singer. Even Blaze Bailey is a good singer, he didn't have the energy and the connection to the fans that a lead singer in Iron Maiden requires, but Blaze Bailey CAN sing. I don't know who told this Richard Taylor that he could sing!
0	I am a huge Floyd fan.  I love everything since Dark Side, and much from before Dark Side.  I love post-Waters Floyd, Floyd with Roger Waters, and  I love a lot of the solo songs from Waters, from Gilmour, and from Wright.  I didn't enjoy this album.  I heard it once through and that was enough.  I don't think it's a money grab, it just sucks.  Edit: perhaps Floyd, or at least those that remain, deserve an album retrospect, in whatever way they desire.  That's what I consider this.  I just wouldn't have bought it if I had heard it first.
0	I really expected to be blown away by this album.  It was one of the best selling records the year it came out, and this record cemented Lil' Wayne as one of the biggest rappers on the planet.  You couldn't turn the TV on without seeing him or this record.  However, There were only 3 or so songs that I liked.  The other songs just sounded the same and generically manufactured to me.  This review is not a reflection on Weezy's rap style or lyrics, but maybe the producing.  Clearly, the guy is talented, but the record just came across as bland and repetitive to me.  His 2006 release with Birdman was slammin.  I expected this record to sound a little closer to that.  Obviously, I am in the minority here, as the rest of the world can't get enough of this record.
0	Lately it seems like Rob Zombie has lost alot of his grit, this album sounds a lot like a Black Sabbath album or something of that nature.  I absolutely loved Hellbilly Delux, and Sinister Urge was all right, but Rob has really gone downhill in my opinion.  A lot of the tracks on here are boring and uninspired, Let it All Bleed out is all right, but I would take any track from Hellbilly over it.  BRING BACK THE OLD ROB ZOMBIE!
0	I received a discount on this product for my honest feedback.  Good item
0	I never seen so many of her videos (like Die Young) that has nothing but Anti-Christ and Illuminati symbolism in them. I thought Lady Ga Ga and Mondana was bad. If you don't catch it then your being programmed.
0	A big disappointment.  Purchased based on the high praise it received in a recent AARP magazine publication.
0	I don't hate the music,  I bought this piece because I loved it for years, and wanted to hear it reformatted.  But the recording I purchased is somehow scrambled, like different tracks are playing out of order in some places.  Not what I remembered at all!  I hope Amazon can fix it.
0	Buyer beware!  I was given this recording as a gift, no enhancement will help, it is awful.  The diction is horrendous, the voice is deplorable.  It is a pity that the arias and songs are subjected to such a cruel torture.  I never heard of this performer, I am just wondering if it wasn't a promotional item and that the seller was duped, the person who gave me this gift, certainly was.
0	This chick is ridiculous, she sounds like a Britney Spears on crack. There is absolutely no talent on this bitch.
0	After an adequate if a little bland debut album, i expected and anticipated great things from Lifehouse. Although second albums are known to be difficult, i beleived the band to have promise. How wrong was I. There is not a single song on here that lives up to the standard of any of those on 'No Name Face'. Its all highly irritating, mediocre and thoughroughly tuneless. I have a very varied taste in music and I do know a melody when it comes my way, but there is no melody on this album worth writing about. I write this to stop others making the same mistake I did, and if you like Lifehouse because of 'No Name Face', trust me stay away from this so you still have some love for the band. Switchfoot, Vertical Horizon, Jimmy Eat World even the Calling(whose album I also think suffers from having only one good song on it but is still better than this drivel) are in a class of their own when compared to Lifehouse im afraid. Spend your money and time elsewhere.
0	Yee haw, wen de music biziniss iz filled with kommy fashist amerikah haters like de Dixy Chiks and Sistum Uf A down. dese fokes dun come out and dun speke to us tru Amerikans, the 20% uf us dat are left.  We don't nede yur bush-bashin' you 70%+ uf amerkah, you dun just git out of amerkah and dun moov to kuba!  Yee Haw!  I dun tell yu wut, this musik iz a breth uf fresh air to all de bush bashers!  Just dun git, ither you dun support a prezident (only if hes repubilikan of course) or you dun leave!  Unless the prezident iz a kommy fashist demokrat, than it's okay to bash him becuss hez demokrat!  Yee Haw!  Jeezus approovs of dis war, why on de sermon on de mount he dun said "Blessed are de Pecemakers", an inturpretashion of dat meant that blessed are those who dun start unnessessary wars to fin out peeple'z numberz so dat so few left hav no choise but be peceful! Fredtowntard out!
0	After listening to the previews on Amazon I decided to buy the actual CD. I've always liked DJ Shadow, and was interested to hear what kind of beats he was making now (in 2016).  It is typical Shadow ambiances and found sounds, but some tracks have wildly swung broken beat patterns like Flying Lotus and the like. A few tracks attempt a dubstep feel, but it comes across as plodding. A couple selections even have some trap high hat patterns and tripleted patterns. Those actually sound the coolest.  The part that makes me absolutely dislike the album (even though parts are OK) is the rapper in the "rap" track that states that Trump has sex with his youngest daughter. so Eff that rapper.  I would suggest keeping your politics to yourself unless you wanna lose half of your audience. Moby just did the same, I'm selling all his CD's now as he mouthed off too about Trump.
0	Horrible. Sings through his nose and steal all of his guitar licks from others. Don't bother with this one.
0	OK, Jason Moran is a piano virtuoso. If you still did not know, this is a reason to listen to this work. The problem comes when you are looking for something else.  This album is a jazz trio, but what about the other two? Well, overshadowed by the soloist. Although better that way, and I would be pleased if they would not try to make so much noise: the truth is that if one is attentive to the bass and the drums will soon be disappointed.  To top it off, the themes included in this album are dull and flat.
0	I'm not sure what those who gave this 4 or 5 stars are thinking. This is awful! I realize there will always be sycophants of certain bands who are so enamored with them they will always rate 5 stars when it's painfully obvious 5 stars are NOT in order. This is certainly one of those times. This CD is horrific, and that's being charitable. I LOVE old Van Halen - they are among my all-time faves. But this? Who, in their right minds, can give this crap 3 stars, much less 4 or 5? DLR sounds terrible! Reprehensible. I won't even go into the Sammy vs David argument since I never really cared for the Hagar years. I LOVE Sammy as a solo artist, but didn't care for his work with Van Halen, but I prefer his mediocre work with them to Roth's garbage now.
0	I've always thought that the best of Bon Jovi was Richie Sambora as he show us in his two previous jobs. But on this album I see the worst of the songs of  Bon Jovi's last albums. On the other hand, the sound of this CD is very noisy, like the style of some albums of the 70's . In short, and for not doing more blood, this cd can be summarized as a couple of good songs from a handful of bad and noisy songs.
0	For a while it seemed that Taylor Swift could do no wrong. Even those who were not swayed by her honest-to-heels girliness have to admit that she creates captivating popular songs, with each album outshining the last one. Swift would even prove her doubters who would claim that "third time is rarely the charm" false when she came up with her best-to-date album Speak Now, which, like Fearless, is laced with big-girl wisdom that anyone can nod his/her head to. But this time around it seems that she has finally gone out of fuel. Her latest album, boldly named Red, is an abysmal effort at best, creating a vast change of style that surrendered to the mainstream bubble-gum pop princess pop, with an infantile attitude and horrendously little-girly lyrics. Those of us who are curious and hopeful of how Swift will grow as an artist will be terribly disappointed: Swift has not grown with her 4th album but shrank, or more explicitly, aging backwards; Her songs are now for 13-year-old girls (or younger) and anyone else who is willing to throw up her hands and say "awww how cute!" The trouble immediately started with her first single We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together. The title of the song is already bad enough, but one must give Taylor Swift the benefit of the doubt, after all, one of the songs on her last (deluxe) album is called If This Was A Movie and it turned out to be a beautiful, heart-felt song (and one of my favorite from her). This time however, luck has ran out; it was even worse than I could've ever imagined. How bad? Well, let's just say that it is only remotely better than Rebecca Black's viral Friday, but unlike Rebecca Black, she cannot plead lack of experience or young age. It is a song that is entirely devoid of any poetic elements and consist of simply girly talk. At one point she even croons: "I say, `I hate you,' we break up, you call me, `I love you.'" An accurate parody of the song can be thus: "Oh so I told you the other day, I called him up, and he was like: `can we make up?' and I was like: `no way' and he was like `please' and we ended up in like, this restaurant, and then he said something that I didn't like, so I was like: we are never ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever getting back together again. And he was like `whaaaat?' and I was like "yep." I have no doubt that this song has the potential to sell very well. After all, just how many times can one over-estimate the American audience anyways? The phrasing of most of the rest of her songs are the worst I've heard of Taylor Swift so far. The album is entirely filled of nauseating bleeps like "RE-E-E-E-E-D" and "Me-e-e-e-e-e" that went along her usual chick-self-victimizing lyrics that, unlike the last couple of albums, lacked any kind of depth or insight that can appeal to a mature brain, thus they are no longer charming but annoyingly ego-centric that can be characterized as those that came from the mouth of a popular and pouty teenage cheerleader. While any songs on Red that actually sound tad-bit more mature consist of boring tunes that fell out of any grace that Taylor Swift had with her past strong ballades such as Dear John or Back to December. Even worse move was to invite other (male) singers to collaborate songs with her. Normally we listen to Swift's album and because it is recorded in a studio, we forget the fact that Swift is very weak vocally, but now, with other singers, the difference is painfully acknowledged. Especially The Last Time in which she sang with Gary Lightbody of Snow Patrol. Lightbody essentially owned the song, out-reflect Swift's squeaking like she is a timid sing-along audience in the background. There has always been arguments of Swift's genre: whether she can be considered country or just pop. And it didn't matter because she was good at what she does. But now, with this album, who can really say that she's still country? Her album isn't even good pop. Perhaps she should think twice before working with a bunch of song-writers for bubble-gum pop and return to do everything by herself, or work with better musicians (her best new song has been Safe and Sound with Civil Wars, many people who heard that song doubted that Swift had any major writing, and they are justified in their skepticism-she is clearly not on that level yet) A word of advice for Taylor Swift is that before she does, she should slow down and take a good look around her. Being ego-centric and aggressively victimizing oneself may have their charms for a while, but too much of something is rarely a good thing. Because the truth of matter is, the world is composed of much bigger things than her.
0	This is a pirated recording from a mono copy of the LP.  It is complete with tics and pops.  The sound is terrible with distortion in the fortissimo parts of the recording.  I thought I was getting a good copy from the original master tapes and was very disgusted with the sound.  My worn cassette copy was much better.  I would give it a zero for the rating if I could.  The performance is wonderful and exciting, but badly mangled by the transfer.  Do not buy this under any circumstances.  Instead look for the original RCA CD.  This should have been properly labeled as AAD mono.
0	I bought this album after seeing the band's electrifying performance on the Clapton 2010 Crossroads video and then, being unfamiliar with the band, went through the reviews here to try to find the "best album."  I don't agree that this is 4 or 5 star material or performances.  The songs, except for the mostly instrumental ones, are rather ordinary and even those don't sizzle (like the live performances on Crossroads.)  And the production quality is not great either- you can't really hear him matching his voice to the guitar when he does that.  After two run-throughs, this will go in the heap of CD's that I had great hope for but never listen to. Great player, but mediocre songwriter:  probably explains lack of more widespread popularity and playing at smaller venues.
0	I'm not as big a fan of King Los as I am of Los. When he was doing mixtapes before Becoming King, he was the truth. This album is a let down.
0	This is a rather strange compilation.  The individual tracks have little in common, other than that they were made for movies.  This is a mix of monophonic and stereo tracks as well as of instrumentals and vocals.  It contains fairly new music as well as some very old music.  The audio quality is quite good though some of the older tracks do have that narrow band sound that marks many sound tracks.  This mixed bag has very little going for it.  It would have been far better is they'd selected the tracks in some manner.  It would have been far better as a collection of music from early films or of more recent films.  As it is, it is a hodge podge that I really can't recommend to anyone.
0	This was purchased for someone else. I don't like it because I think it is an annoying song. Not my type of music.
0	Not the best stuff from either artist
0	What is it with this guy? Will he ever have the guts to release another album without a "Greatest Hits Package" Tagged onto this new material. This guy for 10 years has re-released the SAME OLD Music! The one time he didn't with a $70 Million Budget, Invincible only sold 2 million copies in the usa. Even though his $70 Million budget was directed to only marketing in the usa.  Why doesn't everyone go to Cnet.com, go to the Downloads Section & get yourself a free Mp3 CD Ripper!  Then get Jackson's first 4 solo albums or really any of his albums, Make Copies of them & then BURN your own CD of your own personal choices of songs!  That in a nutshell is what Michael Jackson has done for 10 years! He knows his new stuff cant stand on its own so then we need Greatest Hits Packages Tagged on OR just release: Box Sets, Number ones, etc,etc.  I have never seen another guy live off his past more then him! Word to the wise, Get yourself a free MP3/CD Ripper, rip your already owned old material and make your own CD's with different selections. Because that is all he is doing!
0	I bought this thinking since its her first Christmas CD. I was very disappointed. Her range of voice has changed a lot. She sounds nasally and screams a lot in some of the selections. Terrible!
0	I ordered this twice and both times the record would skip, like it was warped. It didn't look like there were any scratches.
0	I purchased this song along with 4 other songs and all but this one completed the download.  I tried to cancel this song order, but could not.  Therefore I paid for this song that did not download.  No way to try a second time without paying for the song again and taking the chance it won't download again. Oh well.
0	Awful. Doesn't sound right at all. I'd love my.money back if I could figure out how
0	Not at all what I expected.  Kind of insipid.
0	I was hoping for something better than this.  I've been reading all the rave reviews and wondering if Amazon downloaded a different version for me than the rest. My first impression was, "Sales of the 7 string must be down. time to over use it again."  I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Vai.  I do not love Story of Light.  I can't even give a coherent explanation why at this point.  I made it through the first listen and was thankful that I only spent the money on the download.  His tone is brilliant, his playing is still out of this world.  I've loved him and his quirky composing since Flex Able.  This one is a miss.  Though there are some high points, they quickly come down and stay there most of the time.  I won't waste our time giving you a song by song review.  Buy it and judge for yourself.
0	Embedded DRM prevents burning Amazon.com downloaded MP3 to a CD. Digital player only.  I do not recommend these downloads for this reason.
0	There's a reason this recording is dirt cheap - It's a live recording with somebody coughing all through it. You'd think they would have chosen a better performance to try to sell.
0	could not get it to play.  tried on every player i could find.
0	Lee Morgan, quit Mastbaum Tech in Philly and went on the road, and then rethought his decision and enrolled at Julliard for a year. When he completed that year he went back on the road and this album is one of his first recording after his schooling. The brilliance of his tone is there, but his ideas have not yet been fully developed. Plus, Cliff Jordan's playing, the senior side man on this cut leaves a lot to be desired for a youngster to look up to.  Altogether, as a maiden voyage, this is just a mediocre record. Lee was to make his mark later. One saving grace of the recording is the expressive "Expoodent," written by bassist Eddie Higgins. Otherwise, there is little to recommend here.  Two stars
0	As much as I can scream out Expletives about the GRRRRRREATNESS of QAF the show, the soundtrack falls sadly mediocre.  It touts itself as ALMOST LIKE being in BABYLON (a dancejoint that does not exist in real life), well I guess it does in a way, but it doesn't capture the whole feel of BABYLON. I was expecting remixes and stuff!  WHERE IS IT? On the whole I guess its an O.K. compilation.  A lot of you won't really get what I am saying but, that's okay too.  The british soundtrack is actually better.
0	First Off. i am a BIG FAN of HLN which is why i bought this CD. This CD has once again proved that Music is a Business and this was just that. Business.  Huey was quoted recently that he has employees and wants to keep them employed, with Benefits. Interview with EW: "So there's got to be a market out there. But how you get to them, I have no idea. And you know what? I'm not interested." - Huey Lewis on CD Sales.  Aside from Jumping on the "Yesterday" bandwagon with the likes of Rod Stewart, Sheryl Crow and others, The News as usual delivers a great polished performance worthy of one of the best backing bands in the history of music.  Huey's voice however lacks enthusiasm and sounds "Forced" to say the least.  Most of the Positive 4 and 5 Star reviews on here are from HLN's Website. Huey singing about a turd in a toilet would be 5 stars to them! I strongly encourage you to skip this one and purchase another cd From HLN from their heyday (1980 - 1999).  On that note, if Huey wants to secure his Employees, why not release a DVD box set or ORIGINAL material?
0	I did not order this item and it appeared on my computer one day.  Some may like it, but I did not.  Thanks.
0	I was looking for strictly Disney songs to be played by strings, no singing. The music sample clips are mis-leading because the songs "Colors of the Wind", "A Whole New World" and "Beauty and the Beast" all had terrible singers singing along. I don't understand why it is "101 Strings Ochestra" and then singing for a few of the songs. It feels like there were some singers that loved these songs and just had to sing while the rest are purely instrumental. Those three songs were what made me purchase this CD. Had I known there would be terrible singers singing along to the music, I would not have bought this CD. The music for all of the other songs are really nice though; they are what I was looking for. Listening to "A Whole New World" right now makes me want to gouge out my eyes; singers sing at such a slow pace and it sounds like they are amateur singers at the local karaoke.
0	I was a huge fan of DM albums like Music for the Masses, Black Celebration, and Violator. I also enjoyed People are People, some songs on Broken Frame and much of Speak and Spell. But, most of this record never did anything for me. It is rare for me to have had a tape in the 80s that I didn't really try to like from bands I liked. But, a few songs like Lie to Me are good as I recall, but People are People is a stronger "early Mode" post Speak and Spell choice. Stick with Music for the Masses, Violator, Black Celebration, People are People, and Speak and Spell.
0	ordered the wrong one but I listened it it too late to return for an exchange
0	I got a lot of songs off of Amazon that were free and I didn't like any of them, including this song.  I guess it was worth the price.
0	I downloaded this MP3 after hearing it in an AT & T commercial. I like the song, but the MP3 sounds absolutely awful. It's just way too compressed. So it's extremely loud with a very limited dynamic range. Almost unlistenable.  I honestly don't think you can blame a lot of this on the MP3 encoding. 256 k is a perfectly respectable bit rate, and I have plenty of MP3s that sound fine with lesser bit rates.
0	This CD is heavy duty SAD.  If you are a heroin addict, this CD may cheer you up. I only liked one song on the CD and I am a Lucinda fan. This is not a feel-good CD.
0	It bothers me that the name Last in Line is used here. I remember seeing an interview of the newest (at the time) Leppard making devil horns and mocking his former boss. Sure we are entitled to forgiveness, but it bother me Ronnie went to his grave despising VC and here he is trying to reclaim a piece of former glory. after RJD has passed no less.  Onto the music. The vocals are merely adequate and border on generic/nondescript and while some of the songs are decent they never rise above his lack of range and fire. he reminds of a better contestant on American Idol. Vivian of coarse rocks but I question the bland guitar amp sound, just doesn't have any punch. Everything else is just by the numbers.  For a band that has taken such an amazing album and title as its name sake they just don't even begin to break new ground, do nothing special with it, and just generally disappoints on every level Ronnie excelled in.  " this time they called in vocalist Andrew Freeman, a guy who has the vocal power to complete the original powerhouse sound of the Dio band." What a joke.
0	6 stars for the song, zero stars for Amazon's help (or lack of:) in locating it on my computer. What can I say? I like this tune a lot. Buying it here wasn't that smart because I still have not found it on my computer and Amazon help couldn't help me find it. Shrug? I ended up getting it from another website so it doens't really matter I guess.
0	The CD stalled halfway through the first song. Not satisfied!
0	Very mediocre for a modest mouse album, Isaac seems to have lost his touch, or his will to create masterpieces.
0	Should have been edited version It seemed what I was purchasing great artist loved blurred lines without the ugliness,make sure purchaser knows what there buying,i gave it Away
0	I was very disappointed in the Speed Sleep product. It seemed to go on and on. The music was very annoying. Once you buy it you are stuck with it. It is nothing more than a relaxation session. Just relax your body, think calm thoughts, and save your money.
0	For all the good music I heard in the first season I thought for sure it would be included on this first release like "Drip Drop" and a few others, but this was just a lure and missed a lot of flare.
0	I am not a fan of the vocals being redone. I liked the original much more. Listen before you buy!
0	I had watched the season that Jordin was on in American Idol. I had heard this song on the radio (probably too much?) and decided to download today based on a snippet I heard today. I have to say I like the song, but the ending is really [.]. of course now given the whole Chris Brown thing it makes me feel disgusted about him in general, but really this song is a sappy love song and the ending is nothing but them shouting out random chords and overly emotional notes that seem to compete more and more with each other the longer it goes along to prove they have singing ability. And it seems to go along tooooo long. I know you can both sing. Modern day Air Supply. Blech. But might appeal to a lot of people. Just not me. Just my opinion :)
0	I was big tyme disappointed by this album.  Bluntly speaking, it is a major deviation from the stylistic sounds that characterize singles Western Ways or Killing Time, or Waisters and Melted on the Blunted CD. If you like the creamed over jazzy trip hop tracks of the other singles, then stop searching for this CD right now.  This CD is straight commercial and the style is done already.  If you want to hear the sounds on this CD in a better presentation you would be better served to pick up some old Soul II Soul. I heard killing time on a community channel on cable.  It was being broadcast by a radio station.  This song by itself, put me on the trail of trip hop.  A journey that took me through Massive Attack, Portished, Craig Armstrong, Tricky, and others to arrive at a full CD by Coco and the Bean that is just a huge let down. Seriously disappointed with the current direction.
0	I would rather insert a sea urchin into my urethra than listen to this again
0	I downloaded this song twice and both times the lead singers channel had much less volume than the version I reviewed. Almost like the Right-Left channels weren't set the same. Somebody needs to have a look at the settings on this download.
0	I always liked this song.  I like the werewolves of London too.  He is a great classic rock artist to listen to.
0	The title of this CD is actually "Strumming to the Wilburys".  There was a recent press release about Cheap Trick, Sean Lennon and others doing a Wilburys tribute album.  THIS IS NOT IT!  This is one guy and his guitar covering 11 Wilburys songs.  The guy is uncredited.  In fact, everybody's uncredited.  There are no liner notes, no credits for the guy singing or the guitarist (which I'm guessing are the same person).  No songwriter credits. not even a record label name,  just a list of the songs (and not in the order that they're on the CD).  I'm not sure how legit this package is.  His voice and guitar playing are passable.  He kind of sounds like a higher-register Steve Earle.  His interpretations seem to miss the point of the originals.  By slowing down "Cool Dry Place" to a serious dirge, he obliterates the intended goofy fun.  The same goes for "Dirty World".  The Wilburys hallmark was an easygoing humor.  That's completely missing.  He doesn't miss altogether.  "Handle With Care" makes it as a slower-tempo ballad and he manages to keep the rockabilly flavor of "Rattled" without benefit of drums or electric guitar.  Hey, if this guy were playing in a bar and tossed in a couple of Wilbury tunes, I would think he rocked, but a whole record of this one guy is murder, and his anonymity (not even a "Wilbury" codename), makes it a bogus enterprise.  I'd label this `For completists only', but I'm a Wilburys completist, and this is $11.99 I wish I could get back.
0	God Imagine Dragons are a one hit wonder that have not gone away.
0	This is a bootleg release from dubious sources. I have no idea why Amazon even allows this to be listed, but do yourself a favor and save your money.  There is NO legitimate issue of this "2-fer". If you see this release, it's a bootleg.
0	Only a soulless piece of trash would support a band that justifies and supports rape of a helpless innocent woman. and for good measure, their music sucks!
0	love the opening track but after that it went steadily down hill, over indulgent and just plain dull in the most part, not a high point in an illustrious career.
0	It's always good to see an artist change and try new things. Back in 2003 when Jewel did, it was a big deal. Everyone accused her of selling out, which I think is unfair. This disc, while different, is just not what I would call Jewel at her best. I found "America" somewhat enjoyable and "Run 2 U" was also, but the rest of the CD did not sit well with me. I did give her a second chance and recently bought her 2006 CD, Goodbye, and I must say, it's Jewel slowly regaining her musicality. Also glad to here that she will be making a country CD next, it will fit her voice well.
0	Having the LP"s  were did the DVD come from?  Being a crazy fan of the FOX and it's MIGHTY WURLITZER I bought the (3) albums and have transfered them to CD's. Went to the last two midnight concerts were there wasn't standing room in the building.  Seating about 4000+  Now SF has a world class Organ sitting in a wearhouse covered with dust awaiting to be reinstaled in the civic building and not being done because the city fathers can't get off their tails and get it done.  If they don't want to do it let general publit do it.
0	The jewel case was badly damaged in shipment, and I despaired of having a flawless product. The CD came through in perfect condition however. I have used the cassette version of this product for many years to keep me on pace during my walks. When I played the CD, I noticed that the producers have considerably increased the pace of many of the selections, so I won't be able to use it any longer for my walks. Unfortunately, I had to open the package in order to determine this, so I'm out of luck as far as returning it is concerned! Too bad they didn't leave a great product as it was. Sadly, it's not going to be my favorite any more.
0	The song is great the MP3 stinks Amazon has it tagged so you have to use their player to get it to work. It's not a stand alone MP3.  I don't think I'll be buying anymore mp3s from Amazon.
0	I had no idea what they sounded like, but once I downloaded this song, I thought, "What a waste of time!" Don't bother unless you're a fan. I'm certainly not in any danger of becoming one anytime soon!
0	can't say that there is anything particularly memorable  on this CD.  I am a big Van Morrison fan but this is not my favortie album by far
0	I own most Lou Reed albums and all of his now-wife Laurie Anderson. Both are outstanding artists and musicians. I knew John Zorn only by name before I bought this album. It seems this album series is a benefit for a New York club called 'The Stone'. Lou Reed plays electric guitar, Laurie Anderson violin and John Zorn saxophone. The producer obviously told everybody to improvise. If you have ever listened to Lou Reed's 'Metal Machine Music' you know what to expect. The result is essentially white noise - unlistenable. Definitely for completists only. And don't bother to pay the elevated price from dealers here. A short internet search will reveal that it is still available from The Stone's webshop. This limited edition will take some time to sell out.
0	This guy is not funny. He's mean spirited and intolerant. I hated it. I'm sorry I spent my money on it.
0	I bought this for my Aunt because she remembered it from she was a kid and she claims she is happy with it.  I do not care for this type of "grade school" music
0	I received the album and it looked great except for the dint in the sleeve and when I opened it it had a dint in the record!
0	I bought this version before I saw that the U.S. Navy Band had also recorded the Irish national anthem. The Navy Band version, in my opinion, is MUCH better. More upbeat.
0	The absolutely worst song ever made.  If you like screaming through the whole song, then you'll love it.  Me, I like some melody and rhythm and not a bunch of woooo  aaaaaa eeeeaaaaaaa.
0	I don't understand why Adam wants to so over process that beautiful voice like all of the talentless hacks in the pop scene today.  He's a cut above in the vocal department - he doesn't need to do this.  I'm not a fan of his song selections and the direction he's gone in his career, with his focus on such a heavy pop sound instead of rock, where he shines, in my opinion.  But, I adore him and his fearlessness.  He's obviously doing what he loves and just because it doesn't resonate with me doesn't mean it's not worthwhile.  I just wish he'd do more ballads, songs with deeper lyrics and let us hear raw Adam in all its natural beauty.
0	I thought my having just downed a hard cider was making me hear this song in some distorted way, but after reading everyone's reviews, I now see it's not me on a buzz. This song is just horrible. It's off-key, the vocalists can't carry a tune in a bucket, and is that the sound of cats fighting in the background?  As Frank Barone from Everybody Loves Raymond used to say, Hooooly CRAP. Thank God it's free AND I could hit Cancel on the download.
0	Like other pieces by Merry this was not one. Very short a little over a minute. Buyer should be notified . Have never seen such a short rendition and be charged more like a sample.
0	Sounds like rap and I don't care a bit for it
0	Not what I expected. It's kind of dreary and depressing. I love Iris but not this one.
0	Her voice isn't the problem but the arrangement is boring with harsh repetive lines. I would like to hear her sing this song with the help of a different backup band, arranger and composer.
0	The cd was just okay.  I'm from Chicago and I love house music but this was kinda lame.  A lot of the songs sound alike but the bass is booming!  I'm a dancer and I can only use about 3 of the 12 tracks.  I'm glad it didn't cost a lot.
0	THIS IS HIS WORSE ALBUM EVERY. THE LYRICS SUCKS AND HIS BEATS SUCKS. HE CLAIM TO BE THE BEST BUT HE IS NOT. THE WORSE SONGS ARE THEEE FORTHS OF THE DISK. HE SHOULD HAVE TOOK TIME AND DUD THIS DISK RIGHT
0	Bob Dylan should know better - he no longer has a voice.  Moral of the story - don't get old and think you can still sing.  This also applies to Harry Nilson, Paul McCartney, etc.
0	"CSN", "Deja Vu", "After The Gold Rush". These were the albums that helped to define an era for some of us. "CSN" never supassed that first album, either collectively or individually though they did have some good songs on some albums. Neil Young was able to transcend the era, that is why he still is a vital recording artist. Nostalgia makes me sad. I don't need it.
0	Not a favorite.  I prefer a more celtic sounding version of this song.  I was disappointed in this version. Sorry.
0	First of all I admire and respect Alvin and am sorrowed at his passing. This album was not one of his best. The guitar work is weak and the songs are very disjointed.
0	Okay, this effort is certainly more inspired than Victim of Love or 21 at 33.  But even though it's a comeback in comparison to those two failed albums, this recording still pales in comparison to Goodbye Yellow Brick  Road, Honky Chateau, Rock of the Westies, etc.  Many of the songs on The  Fox come frustratingly close to being classic EJ songs (Just Like Belgium,  Chloe, the title track).  But sadly the songs fall a bit short.  My advice?  Skip this one and purchase Jump Up, which isn't a great album, but is a  better example of Elton John returning to anything even close to his 70's  form.
0	This is only relevant for the Vinyl version. This is about the piece of plastic itself, not the music. I'm a VERY big Panic! Fan. Once I saw Brendon tweeted about this, I preordered it. I received it on the day of the release, April 1, all good. Only today I got to listen to it. 1. It's all just a tiny-bit too high pitched. Playing it in sync next to a digital version of the same songs you can hear it, and even without. 2. FIRST TIME I PLAYED IT, and I swear I watched this thing like a hawk and cared for it like it was my child, there's a lot of jumping in Victorious and Don't Threaten Me With A Good Time.
0	The sound quality is poor. Youtube has a version by Beecham and the Royal philharmonic with much better quality.
0	NOT CLEAN!  Still has the word damn.
0	So sad, so big boring and overproduced compared to the first two. Who said Coldplay 2.0? No, wait, I sometimes like Coldplay.
0	Not exactly what I wanted but its Ok. Wow they require twelve mote words before I can leave this review.
0	I did not like any of this music. terrible selection.  I am going to try and get a refund for this purchase.
0	. but this is a poorly produced CD. Both the computer-enhanced chorus that overwhelms the solos, and the overuse of vibrato in the solos make this a definite disappointment.
0	TERRIBLE SOUND QUALITY! I bought the vinyl and I barely even recognized the songs because it was so warped. DONT BUY THE VINYL VERSION. Even worse, I missed the return date. I'm stuck with it.
0	This is a big disappointment. This is just as awful as "Bionic". Her voice is just nasty. I should have bought a holiday album instead of this.
0	bought this from amazon .the song are not in original order that was on album, buy the  original .if you can much better
0	I don't know what version this is but it sucks.  I like another version of this song i had before but iI'm not gonna keep buying them to find it.
0	PLEASE STOP playing this song as hold music! Is your goal to get me to hang up?
0	NOT A GOOD LISTENING SONG FOR THE HOLIDAYS.  VOICE IS TOO ROUGH.
0	100% trash with disgusting texts and poor music.
0	Condition was stated acceptable. Hardly listenable.
0	Where's the banjos?  Where's the awesome "make me live" music?  There's not one song on this album that compares to anything or any one song you have done in the past.  Whoever's encouraging you guys to change is terribly wrong.  Do what you love, not what other people want.  This is definitely not what I expected.  I just got this today, on your release day and couldn't skip through it fast enough.  Very disappointed.
0	When it has came down to Rihanna and Kanye West, their songs have honestly been more jaded than strong from the heart. But when I had heard they were going to make a song with Paul McCartney, I thought this was going to be a bigger crash and burn with their voices. Only One for Kanye was absolutely awful, and not even worth the time and the effort in regards to the love of his daughter with Kim Kardashian. Rihanna and Kanye West's collaboration with Paul McCartney, Four Five Seconds is absolutely very low for both of them. They have absolutely no chemistry with Sir Paul's classic rhythm and classic songwriting. For Rihanna, it is one of the worst songs she has came out with, and she needs to really find her voice all over again, and for Kanye, it is the most rogue thing he has simply done, and lost his own voice at the same time. For Rihanna fans, she needs much stronger for her next work, and she wasted her own time with low gimmicks.  Song: D
0	There is no question that Jennifer Lopez has been a lot of the news lately, and not for her music. It has been for her work with American Idol, and for her marriage to Marc Anthony ending in a sour split. But for her latest single, she wants to try and recapture whom she was a singer before, and fails to do it on Papi, the third single from her album Love? The song isn't really as driven as some of her other dance songs from before in her career. In fact, hearing it now, feels like a weak kitten than a striking and strong tiger. Good luck to Jennifer on her other projects, but Love? wasn't really feeling the love at all, with the exception of On The Floor.  Song: D
0	I love this album, but this gets 2 stars. It would be great if one time I would get a record from Amazon that didn't skip at all. Last two I've purchased have had bad skipping spots.
0	Only liked one song.  Let your hair down David make something fun and not boring.  We hear the same old traditionals every year.
0	it did nothing for me, I lost not one pound.
0	I don't have this song on my music and I didn't order this song must take charge off.? and hate to write such lengthy reviews
0	I bought this song, hoping that this version also included the verse as well as the refrain. Sadly, it's only the refrain. My mom used to sing this song around the house, and I had searched for a long time for a recording (with words). The "listen" ability on Amazon only gives a bit of the refrain, but I purchased it anyway with great hopes. OK, it was only 99 cents, so no harm done. But, it would have been nice to have heard the tune of the verse. I found the words in a museum in Valdes, Alaska a few years back; found the verse again online at a lyrics website, so I know a verse exists.
0	I can't figure out why this song was so popular in the first place? Only thing I can tell you is stay away from this one. worst song in the 90's period.
0	I bought this album with an open mind.  I truely enjoyed the duet with Lee Ann Womack, "Mendocino County Line."  That was the only good track.  I thought that with the likes of Sheryl Crow, Bonnie Raitt and Rob Thomas, this would be as comperable as the Santana compilation.  I was sorely disappointed.  The other celebrity artists sang back-up.  You could barely even hear them.  This was a cheap attempt to draw in a more diverse audience by "bringing in the big guns," but those big guns were nothing more than smoke and mirrors.  DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM UNLESS YOU WANT TO FLUSH YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY DOWN THE DRAIN.
0	Given guitarist Emil Perry Thielhelm was still a member of the band (the only original holdover at this point), I guess this outfit had every right to bill themselves as The Blues Magoos.  That said, like the predecessor set (1969's "Never Going Back To Georgia"), anyone expecting to hear a set of garage and psych-influenced numbers was going to be in for a rude awakening when they slapped 1970's "Gulf Coast Bound" on their turntable.  Working with original Blues Magoos producer Bob Wyld, these six tracks featured most of the line up found on the first ABC album.  Added to the lineup this time out were sax player Alfred Ellis and bassist Cooker LoPrestit replacing Roger Eaton and second drummer Jim Payne.  As a result the collection featured the same general sound as the earlier LP, leading to speculation at least some of these tracks were recorded during the earlier sessions and left off that album because they were longer and less 'commercial'.  Regardless of their history, I've always been a big Blues Magoos fan, but their final two albums have always reminded me of the way The Rascals got away from their creative strengths.  Like that other band, this collection found Thielhelm and company throwing their artistic careers at the feet of a strange mixture of jazz and soul influences.  With three percussionists in the mix, tracks like 'Slow Down Sundown', 'Can't Get Enough of You', and the instrumental 'Magoos Blues' were simply buried in layers of Latin-flavored percussion and soul-jazz ramblings leading much of the collection to suffer from dreaded 'sounds-the-same disease'.  The combination of Latin percussion and pseudo-jazzy moves (flatulent horns and aimless vibes), may have sounded good on paper, but I dare anyone to try sitting through the 12 minute 'Can't Get Enough of You'.  Simply horrible .  Adding to their problems, neither Kas (shown as Kaz on the writing credits), nor Theilhelm had a particularly good voice.  They may have sounded okay in a live setting, but in the studio the results proved harsh and irritating to the point where the instrumental breaks provided some of the album highlights. - Propelled by Alfred Ellis on sax, the title track found the band taking a stab at a blues number.  In the positive column, this was the album's shortest and most focused performance.  In the negative column, the song was a mess.  Sporting a forgettable melody, crappy vocals, and an overabundance of mindless Latin percussion, Ellis' endless sax solo just made things worse.  rating: * stars - 'Slow Down Sundown' could have actually been a pretty good performance.  The song had kind of a nifty adult contemporary groove, but the harsh, strained lead vocal, the jazzy touches (discordance sax solos (apparently meant to sound like jungle animals), vibes and heavy percussion) ultimately killed it.  Okay, the fart sound at the end of the song always makes me smile .  rating: * stars - And then there was the 12 plus minute epic 'Can't Get Enough of You'.  The song actually started out sounding pretty good - nice, funky groove and some tasty Thielman fuzz guitar .  and then things turned horribly wrong.  Hideous group vocals (I think Kaz had the lead on this one), a meandering melody, and endless and pointless solos.  Imagine a crappy song out of the Lee Oskar and War catalog and you'll know what this one sounded like.  rating: * stars - Penned by newcomer Ellis, the instrumental 'Magoo's Blues' showcased an okay adult contemporary jazz vibe (think about mid-1990s elevator music and you'll get a feel for this one).  Technically it was quite impressive with lots of space for individual solos, but it was also sort of soulless.  rating: * stars - 'Tonight the Sky's About To Cry' was a bland, vocally painful, and instantly forgettable ballad.  rating: * star - The lone group composition, the instrumental 'Sea Breeze Express' was best describe as a meandering piece of jazz-rock fusion.  Their are some folks that go bonkers for this kind of free form stuff, but to my ears it's basically noise.  rating: * star  The album was also tapped for a single (their last 45):  - 1970's 'Gulf Coast Bound' b/w 'Sea Breeze Express' (ABC catalog 11238)  Sporting one of the year's ugliest covers (blame designer Ron Lieberman) certainly didn't help sales.  All told, a sad footnote to their recording legacy.  "Gulf Coast Bound" track listing: (side 1) 1.) Gulf Coast Bound  (Eric Kaz - Emil Thielhelm) - 3:51 2.) Slow Down Sundown  (Eric Kaz - J. Andreolli -  Emil Thielhelm) - 6:09 3.) Can't Get Enough of You  (Eric Kaz) - 12:21  (side 2) 1.) Magoo's Blues (instrumental)  (Alfred Ellis) - 7:54 2.) Tonight the Sky's About To Cry  (Eric Kaz - J. Andreolli) - 5:14 3.) Sea Breeze Express (instrumental)  (Eric Kaz - J. Andreolli -  Emil Thielhelm - Alfred Ellis - Richie Dickon - Jim Payne - John Liello - J. LoPresti - 4:13  For anyone interested, The Blues Magoos are still active and have a web presence at:  [.]
0	This is one of the worse Gospel compilation I've heard. This has nothing to do with Gospel. It's a mix-match of melodies, poorly played.
0	I bought tis for my son who is a music major.  He loved it
0	Volume is low when put in a mall radio.
0	Why do artists forget what really made them famous in the first place. If your expecting to hear the violin and banjo like I was you'll be very disappointed. At times the electric and slide guitars completely drown out the singing. Other times the music fades in and out like a record on a turntable that is starting to go bad. I did not want to hear another piece of pop garbage like their last album. I thought we were going to have something with a little more bluegrass or country flavor. Girls, you have the talent so please get back to your roots. Gary W. Hill
0	Couldn't stomach much of this. Slow, lifeless, abomination of the REAL symphony. Depressing.
0	I was surprised to hear that this song was released by another artist, but JMC's rendition is devoid of life and utterly forgettable when compared to Christian Kane's power ballad.  I would highly recommend folks go over to Christian's page here on Amazon and listen to his wonderful version of this song on his album "House Rules".
0	i really don't appreciate amazon not allowing us to use our reward dollars available on our credit cards when we buy MP3s. i don't accrue that many reward credits on my credit cards, it would be much more fair if we could use those towards MP3 purchases.
0	Sounds like it was recorded during TUESDAY NIGHT MUSIC CLUB (I know it wasn't) and that is not my favorite era of her's. Sounds sorta "been-there-done-that". Hope the rest of the DETOUR cd is better.
0	Ok, so it ultra new age and designed for meditation, etc.  It still doesn't work for me but that may be just personal.
0	i liked this song until I watched the video.  Come on.  Then Robin Thicke got twerked on by Miley.  Ugh. While his wife played it cool for a while, eventually she left him. And finally he says he has addiction issues.  Am I the only person who can not stand either listening to music or watching movies where the singer/actor's personal life interfere's with my opinion of the actual song/movie?  (See:  Anything by Amy Winehouse; all things Brad Pitt, Gwyneth Paltrow or Rihanna)
0	I purchased this by accident. I do not like her music which is too explicit. I cannot say I hate it, because that would put me on the fence with love/hate.
0	Nothing wrong with AC/DC as a band but as another reviewer pointed out it hasen't changed in like 30 years so any live set you go to see or buy by AC/DC has the same setlist save two or three new ones to support the album they are touring behind.  For me this tends to get boring and if you buy one live set by this band it's all you need. well maybe two, if You Want Blood from the Bon Scott era and one of the Brain Johnson era live discs.  They still perform well but hearing the same songs over and over on every boxet, hits package or live album gets boring.
0	This is a waste of money I got a CD with no book and no talk on CD They sell something "new " now which is the same old thing with new cover Very disappointing Sorry ED SUETA
0	It's an okay song, but the whole reason I downloaded it, was I was looking for a Kelli Glover song. Maybe she's in the background, but not worth the $.99. Sorry folks. I wish Kelli would put up a website and let us download some songs of hers. She can sing.
0	My own throat feels strained listening to Mr. Dylan struggle through this genre.  It's not for him. the "sweet" backup singers just don't help, and almost seem comical as counterpart to the raspy/harsh voice of this "rebel-icon."  If I were a little kid, I'd run and hide my head under the pillow rather than listen. actually, I may do that myself.
0	I downloaded this and it starts over in the middle of the download a bad one this one and it still cost me so watch when getting this song!
0	This is another case where less is more.  I found the sound of rain to be very heavy and unrelenting.  Instead of a sound of a refreshing spring shower I felt I was caught in a deluge.
0	What a horrible song to write about the awful deed you did. Innocent children were involved! The lyrics are atrocious. I know that because I read them online. You can never understand a word this woman says.
0	Frankly, I have no idea what the other review is trying to say. However, I will issue a caution to anyone considering purchasing this track: notice that this is a remix of Levels, and not the version you probably know from the radio. If you're a DJ, this could be a great addition to your collection. If not, well, this might be what you're looking for anyway: just be warned that this remix is pretty mind-numbingly repetitive.
0	I'm a HUGE Stevie fan, and this one was rather disappointing.  I actually bought 2 of these, one for me, and one for a friend of mine.  The friend listened to it first and said "Not the best work I've heard from her, but thanks for the CD!"  So on a long road trip, I played mine.  BOO!  So disappointed.  Possible 2 songs at best were Steve quality, the rest were rather well, boring.  Sorry Stevie.  :(
0	Sum 41 has always been a band I looked down upon, their cd Chuck really anti-impressed me except for "Welcome to Hell" which is the only reason I'd like it, and this album is very similar in that aspect. The only reason I'd ever put this cd in the stereo is to hear "Nothing on my Back" which is a wonderfully crafted song and actually . at least close to punk. But besides that nothing really appeals to me, Rhythms is an ok song but the rest sounds the same pick up some Rancid or NOFX if you want punk.  I don't suggest you buy it maybe just download Nothing on my Back.
0	Not what I expected. Not my type of music but it was free.
0	Did not purchase this book either or whatever it is - did not purchase this one.  Cannot rate it.  Sorry.
0	Company was great. Thought it would be more contemporary music. The CD was to much blues. Depressing at best. Others may like it.
0	Alas this was not the original recording. Nostalgia ain't what it used to be.
0	first off i wanna address something prior to my review. east. 187 why would you say such a horrible thing calling 2pac "wack". that's blasphemy right there. he was as real as it gets, he had quite a few positive songs, and he was one of the greatest! anyone would agree with me there. on to my review of this cd. i weep at the current state of hip hop. how did we go from notorious big to lil flip? hip hop has taken a huge plunge in terms of its lyrical prowess and it's pathetic. 50 cent doesn't help one bit. yes yes congratulations mr curtis jackson on going multiple times platinum. but why did this album sell so much? i think it was based on the fact that he dissed ja rule and that he was shot nine times and lived to tell. i mean anyone who says 50 is a lyrical beast is totally assinine. this guy is so predictable! let's see, if he talks about selling rocks he will probably mention something about glocks in the next few words. and if he mentions hoes he will probably mention about him doing shows. and if he mentions. you get my point. he is such a bad lyricist. if he came outta the south i'd understand but coming from queens? ny is respected as the breeders of lyrical geniuses but 50 is trash. stop talking about how (.)ja rule is! he beat u up and had u shot and stabbed! you're the wanksta 50 cuz u never got back at him! this album gets its 2 stars because the beats are hella good thanks to dre and eminem two of the best but this guy's living off of his "9 shots" story. i love how people gave him the name 5-0 and called 50 a snitch cuz its true. new title for this album "get (.)or die crying"
0	When I gave this album 3 stars at one time?!  After listening to AZ, then listening to this, a thought hit me in the head like a Mike Tyson punch, this album is as bad as it gets. First off this guy bites off everything in his site!  The album title get rich or die tryin is a similar sound to AZ's Doe or Die, just longer.  The only reason why he's famus is because he got shot 9 times, and he's a fool on stereroids.  He's all over the media, and is an annoyment on MTV and BET! Anyway on the album, his lyrics are childish, and nursery rhymes, along with a lame horrible flow, with good beats, but putting him on the tracks made em sound bad.  He's a million miles away from being Pac, and Ja Rule has a good chance of beating him. If you like pop rap, odds are you brought it, and after reading this review, you hate me.  But for those who like real hip hop, understand this is garbage, and is doesn't even to deserve to be called a rapper from queens(Nas, AZ, and, Mobb Deep hold true to the queensbridge name) it's not even worth 50 cents itself.  It doesnt' even deserve to be on the shelves! Interesting fact:This fool dissin Ja Rule, yet he's copying Ja's style!  I mean he has a fake gangsta image, and club songs, love songs, and he acually sings songs, imitating Ja Rule.  And also, he used Pacs rhymes on the Hail Mary remix from Tupac's songs Hail Mary, and against all odds, to diss Ja while using Tupac's rhymes for exploitation.  What a joke, a discrace, and a cancer to Hip-Hop.(Just like chingy, Juelz Santana(He has good beats, but his rhymes are completly senseless, Ludacris, G-Unit, J-kwon, Bow Wow, and u know who else)  peace
0	I could not get more than half way through really boring book.  Not only was it boring but it jumped around in time between chapters.  Drove me crazy. Begins 30 years ago then jumps to present then back to 1822 to present back to 1822 back to present.  The only thing keeping me going to the half way point was waiting for something to happen.  It never did so I gave up.
0	On 12.29, I'm waiting out in the Colorado cold until about 2 am to see if I could get Jim Heath's (The Reverend Horton Heat) signature on a poster. First, he said, "Do you have a pen?" I said I did, and pulled out a blue sharpie. He next said, "Is it blue?" I said it was. He proceeded to tell me he "doesn't do blue pens," and boarded his luxury motorhome. Please do not support Jim Heath. Jimbo and Scott Churilla signed the poster without hesitation, and are good guys. Jimbo even took the time to take a picture with us.
0	I expected more musical growth from the Band.
0	This is cute but very small. Don't think it's worth the price. It is very soft. Doesn't seem to keep kids intrigued
0	All the songs started sounding the same less than half way through. Sad, because we really liked him on the show.
0	I could not download this.  I tried multiple times and reading all of the help info did not help!  Very disappointed
0	I am a vocal man, so I have always admired Christinas vocals but somewhere down the line she lost sight of fun music, why is it that everyone today is putting together albums that you have to listen to a hundred times and say what the hell does this song mean, during my era of music it was pretty simple. Journey. Lovin',Touchin', Squeezin', pretty simple huh. Def Leppard. Pour Some Sugar On Me, no college classes to figure out what any of those songs were about! And I guess it is a necessity to have explicit language on every album now.
0	There are a lot of four or five star reviews saying that if you can get over the drastic change in instrumentation, this album is just as good or better. WHAT?!  If Metallica decided to drop the electric guitars and start playing the synthesizer and flute it would no longer be Metallica.  If a bluegrass band switched to trombones and tubas it wouldn't be bluegrass.  When U2 decided to go electronica on their Pop album it sucked.  That's what this is.  They didn't just slightly switch the sound of the instruments.  They dropped the authentic, folk, real-sounding instruments (keep in mind. I hate hipsters), and went with what can only be described as a fake sounding electronic drum set, a synthesizer keyboard?, and electric guitars without any unique pedal sounds or anything.  It sounds like untalented drivel sadly coming from a band that has proven that they are anything but untalented.  Does the lead singers voice still sound unique and awesome?  Yes.  Does this album have a few ok melodies?  Yes.  If this was their first album would they ever have made it beyond their local bar scenes?  Absolutely not.  You can defend this disappointing decision to completely change their signature sound all you want, but the fact is that we all LOVED their signature sound.  They could have simply tweeked the sound here and there to get something new and cool, like U2 did from Joshua Tree to Achtung Baby.  But like I said before, this is like going from Joshua Tree to Pop.  They should have learned from U2.
0	I came of age during the 1960s and 70s.  To this day the soundtrack of Hair plays in my head from time to time, and it has a certain sound - robust, edgy, energetic, and raw.  I agree 100% with the reviewer who prefers to remember the original, when the clothes were not costumes, and this was not a period piece.  The 2009 version feels like a group of Juillard-educated musicians bringing popular music to the upper crust.  If you like this edition, at least also treat yourself to the original.
0	I thought that the song was going to be Adam singing it and once I heard a clip of it on iTunes. I realized that it wasn't him a all (from the very beginning of it). I did not like the song just from the clip I heard. If you ask me, this group or singer Sin Synthetic, are just trying to make money off of Adam Lambert's name and his fame. I almost bought the cd here from Amazon. I'm so glad that I didn't.
0	Where did all the powerful and emotion filled lyrics go? While the music may have at least attempted to go back to "From Here To Infirmary" it's stopped dead by Skiba's voice and lyrics, such as on "Draculina" and "The American Scream". His raw passionate words have turned into this terrible attempt at clean vocals and now songs just seem awkward when he decides to throw the "F" word into them ("Eating Me Alive").  Dan manages to save some of the album with "Off The Map" and "Fine," but once again, they lyrics are sub par. Don't get me wrong, I don't hate the Trio, they're my favorite band, but they could do so much better than this. I wanted to like it, and went into it with an open mind, but after a few listens, nothing stuck out, and I didn't even feel the need to listen to it ever again.  If you really want a good Alkaline Trio record go pick up&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Good-Mourning/dp/B00008YJDA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Good Mourning</a>&nbsp;and anything before it. If you've listened to this one and like it, go try out&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/From-Here-to-Infirmary/dp/B00005B2XU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">From Here to Infirmary</a>&nbsp;or&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Goddamnit/dp/B0012GM69Y/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Goddamnit</a>&nbsp;I promise they're so much better.
0	Maroon 5 has joined the likes of all the other modern day groups. What was once a very talented group now sounds just like Justin Bieber and the likes with the swilly high pitched runs that all sound exactly alike. This may be fine for todays youth who have no idea what constitutes a song with staying power or true musical value, but for us  old classic rock people, I think Adam Levine should stay with his spot on the "Voice" .
0	I'm certainly no prude and I like noisy music.  I also find toilet humor funny like most men.  However, I find this CD completely pointless and tedious.  It is not at all funny, and there is little to no musical merit or melody to be found.  Every track of this excrutiatingly long CD is essentially the same - a guy screaming lyrics in a strong French accent that sound as if they were written by a 14-year-old over unclassifiable, unprofessionally produced music which seems to be there only incidentally.  I suppose some folks would know that a CD with a penis on the cover and a title like "Lung Farts" would not be their cup of tea, but for those (like me) who think these would be selling points, trust me, they ain't.
0	Love Waylon, but this was a little bit of a dissappointment.
0	This product DID NOT DOWNLOAD PROPERLY. As a result I had to download a second time - incurring a second charge! I WAS ROBBED!
0	This version is the live of Dream on and not the studio version. Still a great song but it would have been nice if it said it was the live version.
0	I bought this for my grandparents who requested it. Not my taste on music but it does remind me of them.
0	"Honest Face" by Liam Finn and Eliza Jane sounded like an honest attempt to portray the shadowy side of human behavior. However, the instruments had so  much of a screechy sound and  the song was just too depressing (about a person who is scandalous but has an attractive and innocent face).  I accidently got stuck with this song when I was attempting to download the amazon mp3 feature for another musical track.  "Honest Face" is more for those who can look past the screeching sounds and listen to an indie rock anthem for womanizers and maneaters.
0	Still a glorious voice. But the arrangements suck. Too lounge-y. Only a piano when some of these require lush arrangements.
0	Surely this is a joke?  This music is terrible.  Save your money folks, this isn't worth 9 bucks.  Nobody should be paying money for somebody's "youtube music"
0	I did not like this version of this song, but since this was free, I guess I  should not complain.
0	Not worth the wait or the money. If I want some foreigner to preach to me about politics and the state of the world I will turn on the any of the left owned television stations or read the slanted truth on the internet. I will be throwing mine in the trash could not sit though 3 songs. Please stop shoving you political views down our throats  and start  to entertain  with some great music.
0	Could not add it to a class slideshow presentation. Only streamed.  Boo
0	"depression" is what you will slip into when attempting to listen to this "comedy" album
0	I should have just bought the one song that I liked. The 3 songs on the radio are the only ones that are worth a S*, the rest of the album sucks. Which was quite surprising and disappointing coming from Katy Perry. I would recommend others to only buy the songs they like. and leave the rest.
0	Lame, anyone who buys this is clearly an idiot.  Nigg* over and over and over to annoying craptastic beats. rap sucks.
0	I like to download the free songs and albums to find artists that are different within their genre.  Sister Hazel is not one.
0	Tons of scratches and record skips.
0	This CD was terrible. And not just because he is using other artists music, and seemingly getting away with breaking the law (for now). Being that he is making a profit with this being sold on Amazon. It is terrible because it is not well done. The transitions are terrible. Most of the songs do not have any relevancy from song to song. Where is the theme? It is closer to a 10 second clip sample on random shuffle. I thought people who liked crap like Lil Wayne, Souljah Boy, Justin Beiber, or any name from a slew of non-talented performers who seemed to sell millions of records, were in bad tastes musically. This CD takes that to a whole other level.
0	The book Think & Grow Rich is a must own. It is book to be read multiple times. That being said the particular reader of this audio book is very monotone. He doesn't pause at the end of sentence or even a paragraph. You can hear the "paah" noises into the microphone every few seconds. The narrator has a strong voice it's just emotionless. It reminded me of when a teacher would call on a student to read aloud. but the student is disinterested a tries to blow through it as quickly and unenthusiastically as possible so he can go back to day dreaming.  Bottomline: Buy the book, buy the audio book just skip this one.
0	I really liked Michael Grimm's voice on America's Got Talent. The CD, however, is a disappointment because that voice is lost in the production. Less instrumentation & accompaniment and more Michael would have made this an enjoyable listen.
0	The orchestral pieces have a lot of white noise in the background and many songs cut off half way through.
0	I have been a Xtina fan since her "Genie in a Bottle" days. I was a teen when she first came out so I kinda feel like I've "grown up" with her music. First off, her voice is absolutely amazing. Some people may not consider her 'iconic' but her voice is one in a million. Most people that came up around Christina's time don't even compare in vocal range. She had such a big voice for a pop star who didn't get a chance to really show off her skills or her real personality with her first album. But Stripped was a chance for her to show the world what she could do on her own terms and in her own words. Stripped is my absolute favorite album of all time. She sang from the heart and great experience. She took us on a Journey of finding her own voice (in the figurative and literal sense), writing her own songs, and working with the people she wanted to work with. Teaming up with Scott Storch was one of the best things she's ever done career wise. I don't know what happened between them, but she hasn't been the same Xtina I fell in love with on Stripped. Though Back to Basics was successful and I did enjoy her double disced work; it didn't quite catch the essence of Stripped's Christina. Bionic was a huge fail, even though she had a couple of great songs on it that got overshadowed by truly horrible pop songs. Lotus was an even bigger fail that made me wonder if Christina's reign was up after Stripped. There may be a couple of songs I could tolerate on this album which is why I gave it 2 stars but they are nowhere near memorable. IT really sucks because Xtina is a truly talented individual. But either she needs to retire from music or get it together.
0	This CD sounds tinny. There is no base, just too much treble. it sounds like listening to a CD on a boombox with the bass boost turned off.
0	I'm not sure when this CD was released but it certainly is does not contain the original versions. In fact, I'm not even sure it's really Bucks Fizz (it's that bad.). If you've never heard anything by them before, don't buy this CD. If you have heard them before, don't buy this CD. Ick.
0	Nothing good worth mentioning but "Picture Perfect"!.That tracc with BRANDY was o.k an "Dumb S* t should've been without Snoop an Blacc Ty.
0	We tried two cd's and neither played in our 2 stereos. Not sure what's wrong with them but we could not get any sound.  Sad. My 89 year old Mom was excited
0	Lost is right, this disc being the covermount (not for resale) disc from Classic Rock magazine Issue 103, March 2007. It purports to be a collection of tunes that have been lost in time, overlooked gems and curios that might be of interest to hard rock fans. Ummm. well part of that plan has been achieved. They are certainly curios. Curios from the realm of apathy generation. Because that's what you'll probably feel when listening to these tracks. Sure, Tucky Buzzard has/had some reason to exist and a few of these tracks might pique the interest of the occasional aficionado but much of it's so eclectic it's hard to see anybody listening to these numbers and thinking to themselves `Hey, I gotta get me some more tunes by The Aynsley Dunbar Retaliation'. And I don't won't to dis this sampler even though that's what I'm doing. It's just that people into these bands probably have every darn thing they ever put to vinyl.  And nothing here is likely to convert the not already converted, if you get my drift.  Anyway, I played this once and that was a chore.
0	100% agree with other reviewer, these mp3s are censored and should be labeled as such
0	AC/DC fans will love to rock out with the Masters of Rock. The recordings are great, the hits keep coming song after song.
0	This cd is absolute garbage. Sellout britny spears/green day clone pop for public consumption. Avoid everything from Descendents and All in the 90's and later!
0	Im a big Cornell fan but this is total garbage and an insult to Cornell, Soundgarden, Audioslave, and TOTG fans everywhere.  This should be a justin timbercrap song.
0	not what I was expecting, quite the opposite of what I was hoping from this collection - looking for upbeat and postive
0	First off, i'd like to say that i commend Jewel with trying something a little different and experimenting with a new sound. It must get quite boring with recording the same type of music all the time, i imagine it would have been pretty easy for her to record an album consiting of "spirit" type folky songs. On the other hand, i don't really like this album. A few songs i do like and i do enjoy listening to, but i don't get far in when i have to skip tracks. "Stand" "Intuition" and "Haunted" are worth listening to, but the other songs are sub standard. They consist of poor lyrics, dodgy music and ridiculous spelling. "This Way" is by far Jewel's best album, i thought it signified a new rockier edge to her music but she seems to have abandoned that route. I hope on the next album Jewel is back playing instruments, writing thoughtful music and singing her heart out. This album would be a fantastic album for a young new teeny bopper to record and release but i expect something different from Jewel, something which is actually credible. Leave this to Britney, Mandy and Jessica. Oh and Jewel, keep your clothes on. Its not big, and its not clever! You don't need to sell your body to sell records.
0	I listened to the sample of this recording and was struck by how overwrought and melodramatic Ms. Crowe had made her interpretation.  I personally cannot see this as a song about histrionics but about reflection on love and loss. Mr. Cohen illustrates what it is to lose a love later in life after a long relationship, Mr. Buckley's interpretation is of a young man who has lost the love of his life and will never love that way again.  Both of these recordings are looking back from a place of acceptance and reflection.  Ms. Voegele has recorded a version which captures what it feels like to have just lost that love and the wounds have not had time to scab over.  Like Job she is not willing to accept that her suffering is just, nor is she willing to "curse God and die."
0	Thought I was downloading the original version.  Very disappointed.
0	Did not work, not one song.  Won't buy here ahain
0	I've never laughed so hard at a classical music piece and the false ending just makes it even funnier.  Maybe I should give it more stars because it really brightened my day.  Plus it made me feel better about my own piano playing.
0	Yikes, who knew the celts were such big fans of synthesizers! This Christmas enjoy all the soul-less expression of elevator music without the elevator. Oh, and remember, it's free so you have to like it.
0	This says it is the Clean version but it is not.
0	If the US Shock & Awe campaign rained as many bombs as Joe DeRosa's latest "comedy" album does, the Iraq war would've been won in a week.
0	Junk. The CD came without a case and was broken.  Who would buy a CD without a case. Who would&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Embers/dp/B003NTK4E2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Embers</a>&nbsp;sell a CD without a case.
0	this isn't the the acapella, and its heavily distorted. amazon music fail -_-
0	I wouldn't download this piece of dung if they were giving away free digital downloads of it! Always hated this song. the other day, it was being played at work and I felt like jumping out the window or at least leaving the building for a breath of fresh air.
0	Don't care if its your birthday or not. The song is awful. She needs to be banned from radio completely. Hide your wallets so you can make her go away.
0	As has been mentioned in other reviews, these are not the original hit recordings. Most, if not all, of the originals are available elsewhere.
0	I love the album, but skip this loud, over-the-top, obnoxiously sung song every time. It's definitely something bad. bad for my ears.
0	This has to be the worst holiday song ever made.  I can't believe anyone would actually pay for this.  I would not even download it for free.
0	If you want conscious breathing exercises, I would rate this a 5.  Great for someone with asthma or other breathing issues.  Each step is breathing between different points of the body from eye brows to fingers to toes. The problem I had with sleeping was long pauses between vocal instructions distracting pulling the focus to another place.  I bought the CD to get further into conscious deep sleep.  I had the reverse effect.  However, as an aid in the morning getting oxygen moving through the body, the meditation does work.  I feel refreshed yet energized.
0	Van Halen were never great nor prolific songwriters, mostly a good cover band with a livewire, athletic showman up front and one of the best speed merchant guitar players in the history of rock.  Probably a great bar band when they started out.  I saw them twice in their early days, when I was a teenager who didn't care that DLR was a mediocre singer at best.  Loved his energy and the musical chops of the rest of the band.  Unfortunately, whatever vocal talent he ever possessed, has long since evaporated.  David Lee Roth is not merely bad in the way that many so called rock vocalists of the 70's were bad, nor in the way that many older rock icons like Springsteen and Dylan lose their limited vocal appeal as they get older - he is the type of absolutely horrible singer who should never be permitted within 10 feet of a microphone.  Worse still, he clearly knows it, and rather than try harder, he doesn't even try to get the lyrics or his phrasing correct.  Lazier vocals than Jagger or Steve Tyler ever attempted even at their nadir.  Inexcusable that Van Halen have released this on the unsuspecting public!
0	typical, I LOVE PITBULL, but you have fallen into a same old same old rutget some new blood in the machine baby!
0	Im sure because of the extensive time served by all or any of the members of this band, that they understand and have the right to depict military life during war. This song and its lyrics are whimsical nonsense based on no real experience, and a shame to the troops especially those who have served in combat. Per this band  clearly troops in combat have no morals or self control, and were mostly just complacent killers.
0	I've been a Jewel fan for a long long time.  I saw Jewel before she became famous for Pieces of You and instantly fell in love.  I loved her style, her voice, her words - everything.  While Pieces of You will always be my favorite album, I still found solice in all the others - until now!  What was she thinking.  I fell in love with the girl sitting on the stage with her guitar, speaking to the crowd with her songs.  Her concerts were intimate.  When Spirit came out, she added a band to her act, and while I wasn't thrilled, I could deal with it because at least she was still writing those deep lyrics that made me shiver at times.  Then about 8 mos. ago I went to see Jewel play and I was so happy to see that she had ditched the band and was back to playing with just her and her guitar!  So now, 8 mos. later, I fear that girl is gone completely!  I never thought Jewel would sell out and write such bland, on the surface lyrics and pimp herself to an audience that loves the poppy meaningless songs of Britney Spears!  At first when I saw the video for Intuition, I couldn't believe it was Jewel!  Then I thought well this song seems to be putting down those who sell out.  So I thought that maybe this song was the only one of its kind on the album, but it wasn't.  With the song Intuition - Jewel is a hyprocrit because she has sold herself to just cash in.
0	Wow I wish they stop playing this garbage on the radio by now ! even for a 8 minute song ? this guy is just desperate to keep his career going. He needs to look himself in a mirror cause the music flatout sucks.
0	They used to be cool. Every song on this album sounds the same. This record couldn't be more boring, and redundant. They should drop an "N", because there is NO POINT in listening to it. It blows. DO NOT BUY THIS!
0	thought it would be a lighter selection of music, but way to somber for me.
0	Why was the price so low? All the tracks are mislabeled.
0	This is my favorite CD however, the vinyl arrived scratched and I have yet to be able to actually play it without it skipping through most the songs. I was extremely disappointed.
0	If you are a tango dancer or D.J., looking for a collection of the most danced-to tangos in either the U.S. or Argentina, you will be sorely disappointed with this collection. It contains few, if any, of the the essential golden era hits. Instead it is comprised of mostly relatively obscure, non-danced-to,listening-only tango: early Gardel, Piazzola, etc. that you would almost never want to play at a milonga. Calling the collection "50 Essential Tangos" is misleading at best. Avoid it.
0	Has that garage/grunge band sound.  Just one of 5000 plus holiday mp3s I have collected, and forgettable.  Nice cover though.
0	Nope no sale here. but I know my daughter likes this group.
0	You would think that this is the exact same track from the Paperman short, but you would be wrong. It's missing the electric guitar that comes in at 5:15 during the actual video. Meaning it is meant to be present around the 3:40 mark for the mp3. For me, this omission ruins the entire track. Disappointed.
0	The cd Control System gets 5 stars hands down. The problem is that there are only 16 tracks although the cd has 17. Track # 2 is missing when you download it.
0	I wanted pg version, the one I bought had too much cussing in it
0	Original pressings of CAPITOL's THE GEORGE, JOHN, PAUL & RINGO SONGBOOK (1971, ST-839) are on their Tuscan red label.  When Stu Phillips isn't throwing dissonance and confusing counter-melodies into the 10 tracks that comprise this set, he slows their tempos down to a dirge pace. The very last selection, "Bangladesh" was so unrecognizable I had to consult the playlist to find out what I was listening to. Or maybe that repetitive tabla should've tipped me off?  "Admiral Halsey" sounds like a lullabye. "It Don't Come Easy" is listless despite a fuzz guitar lick near the close. In Stu's hands, Paul McCartney's often disparaged "Long & Winding Road" is more saccharine than a 200 packet box of Sweet 'n' Low. "Hey Jude" and "Let It Be" aren't much better.  John Lennon was spared the Phillips "touch," probably because there was no way to de-gonad the tracks from his&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/PLASTIC-ONO-BAND/dp/B000MVFGD8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">PLASTIC ONO BAND</a>&nbsp;LP. Remember: "The sound you make is Muzak to my ears" from "How Do You Sleep" on the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/IMAGINE/dp/B000MHV2V2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">IMAGINE</a>&nbsp;album? Perhaps John wasn't addressing his former partner but the presumptive Stu Phillips.  This collection of hypnotic elevator music is strictly for Beatles completists and Nurse Ratched (of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/ONE-FLEW-OVER-THE-CUCKOO-S-NEST/dp/0790732181/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">ONE FLEW OVER THE CUCKOO'S NEST</a>&nbsp;fame).  PROGRAM-  SIDE ONE [2:48] Here Comes The Sun [4:30] Hey Jude [3:07] Another Day [2:20] Let It Be [3:18] The Long And Winding Road  SIDE TWO [3:29] My Sweet Lord [4:59] Uncle Albert/Admiral Halsey [2:45] Something [2:58] It Don't Come Easy [4:01] Bangla-Desh TOTAL TIME: 34:15
0	It reminded me of Jimi with an  SRV twist, wonderful.
0	still trying to find out how i ordered this mp3 song I hat the way amazon music tried to take over my computer and start up this program every time i booted up. had to uninstall it from my computer. Bad experience and product.
0	This version sucks! i accidentally ordered it instead of Damien Rice. I'm pissed at wasting $1.29. No cancelling I guess.
0	I'm sorry but I did not like this CD.  I was so impressed the last couple of years watching these kids grow up and enjoyed their covers of my favorite classic rock bands and some of their own creations like "a piece of rock and roll" and "drama queen", (very good songs) but this Eternalize CD fell way short.  Musically these kids are very talented and great musicians, however I thought the song writing was bad, the lyrics bad, and the vocals were bad - vocals were very monotone and lacking emotion and range and feeling.  Sarah needs to take ownership of the vocals and put her own signature and personality into them - not just read them off the sheet of paper.  She is young and I know with some good teaching and coaching she can develop this talent.  Remember her Janis Joplin cover "Turtle Blues" ?  That's what I'm talking about.  She needs to do more of that.  This band has much more talent than what was displayed on this latest CD.  Somebody needs to help them with their songwriting.  It was all over the place on this CD.  I'm hoping they can turn it around, but for now I'm backing off for a while to see where they go from here.  Good luck you guys.
0	I agree with the two other reviews saying Stills is tired here.  Nothing is inspiring here and Stills looks like he is going thru the motions.  His guitar solos are good, however  his voice sounds weak (due to age I guess) and I was tired of the whole thing by the third song both solo and with his band.  I think he should just stay with CSN where he still shines around his fellow singers Crosby and Nash.  He lacks the inspiration playing with his band.  He needs Young to step up and challenge him on stage to really get him going with guitar and Crosby/Nash to step up his vocals.  I was disappointed with this CD/DVD and will probably  put it back in the collection for a repeat playing once in a while (maybe).
0	The tunes were McCartney, the stack on each disc seemed awkward.  Excluding disc 1, there were songs included that were to be honest pure junk.  Tunes I had never heard and they were poor representatives of the career.  I guess it's a bit like any other McCartney disc, you're lucky if you 5 out of ten that make sense.
0	Sorry but this album is by no stretch a quality record and the beats are horrific probably 20% of the album good. I don't see why people are raving about this record because it's not even close to a new classic and iggy azalea lacks greatness compared to other female rappers and being the face of T.I.'s hustle gang she's garbage and yeah go ahead and call out that busta asap rocky cause their both wack.
0	Evidently the title "Simple Plan" refers to a theory that if you rip off another band's hits, you will sell more records. I really don't know where to start with this one. This band rips off every band from U2 to Green Day to The Killers, and manages to sound overproduced with a total lack of energy, with the exception of ONE pop-punk track, "Time To Say Goodbye." It was said that during the three-plus years that passed between albums, that the group's singer/songriter Ryan Bouvier had writer's block. This becomes all the more apparent because Britney Spears' songwriting team was brought in to write several songs, making Simple Plan sound like a boy band. Even when they try to rock out, the production is so overdone that the guitars seem distorted and out of place. And there are WAY too many piano-ballads. I think any trace of the faux-punk label they were slapped with after their first two albums, which were decent efforts packed with pop-punk hooks, can permanently be removed now. Simple Plan will spend the rest of their lives wondering if it was the three-plus year layoff between albums or the change of sound/style on this new one that killed their career. And the answer is neither. It is the lack of originality, energy, and songcraft that will do them in. Lets face it, when Hilary Duff rocks harder than you, your band is not "punk." And in the three and a half years this band was away, the scene changed, but their fan base remained intact and they should have stayed a little closer to home on this release rather than go running off into what the band calls "unchartered musical territory." Perhaps "UnCHARTED" musical territory is more like it. This one is headed to a bargain bin near you, right next to all those old LFO albums.
0	I downloaded this on accident . gave it a listen and turned it off . saw the video and almost threw up in my mouth . this is not Hiphop . probably some kind of wierd RAP music
0	The song is listed as Keep On Smiling but its not what you get when you download it. Thats sucks! There is nothing I can do.
0	I guess I don't have the right device to play them. Unable to view.
0	Can't stand the voice, or the inst1rumentals in the back. I mean, whats the refund policy? gad!
0	Downloaded this thinking it was something else. Not my style of music at all. Be sure to preview before purchasing.
0	I just heard "Light On" for the first time. My first thought was "OH NO"!  This CAN'T be your first real single.  So I played it again and again. and again.  Nothing changed. no chills of excitement. nothing!  I was a huge fan of this guy on "Idol" and I loved how creative and original he was. he made EVERY song he sang sound like a modern hit.  Only to get a run of the mill, very basic, cliche, almost '80'ish sounding rock song. complete with screaming and barely hitting the highest notes?  Let's just hope the rest of the album is MUCH better. it has to be!
0	I've been a Dylan fan from way back.  And, I'm also a big Sinatra fan.  I write this review from that perspective.  What has happened to American culture, that a piece of unmitigated garbage like this CD is getting such praise from reviewers?  Are we in such a time that the Katy Perrys and Justin Biebers are our standards for excellence?  Anyone who praises this CD necessarily has an insufficient knowledge of Sinatra, and how he did these songs.  And I'm tired of performers who have no voice at all, getting by, because they are supposedly "emoting."  Frankly, this CD is strictly "Emperor's New Clothes."  To put it bluntly, it is awful, no matter what critics, with clearly a less than familiar knowledge of Sinatra, are saying.  And no, Dylan does not make these songs "his own."  Such rationalizations for lousy singing!.  Dylan has taken some of Sinatra's best - "I'm a Fool to Want You," "Where Are You?" "Why Try To Change Me Now?"  and trivialized them. Not recommended for Dylan fans, and certainly not recommended for Sinatra fans!
0	Thanks to the reviewer who mentioned this was a free download when you install the amazon software. I was trying to figure out why I had purchased this since I have no recollection of doing so, or ever heard of the artist.  Very generic song, no redeeming qualities for me.  Sounds like just about everything else out there.
0	This band is not original. They sound like everybody else. They are nothing new. I liked this band when they were called New Found Glory. Brainwashed people. Go listen to some real music, like Refused or Thursday.
0	The worst of Billy Joel. He should stick to studio albums and even retire. His voice is not holding up.
0	This is one of my all time favorite songs ~ I got a new phone and wanted this as my ring tone like I had on my Android. I down loaded the song and attempted to listen to it and got nothing but static. It was a waste of my time and money!
0	All 4 sides were completely scratched and the record would skip every other note
0	No Heart, No Feeling just strumming on his Oud. I don't know what he was improvising but it felt more like Koord than Hijaz
0	I'll start off by saying I like blink 182 and also alkaline trio. When I heard skiba joined the band I figured we would get a awesome mesh, we didn't.  I thought Tom was the problem with the band but it seems to be mark, very mediocre effort. There are two songs that are very short and initially funny but after further listening are very lazy. I get that the album is named California but how many times do we need that forced down our throats. And you guys are too old to be singing about being teenagers anymore,  let's grow a little.
0	I cant believe she had the nerve to sing this  song! she doesnt have the  style  to do so! i feel  the same  way  about  her other  remakes!  [.]!  Thalia sure is very pretty but lacks so much in talent., not  the best of  voices and not  the best  dancer., I went to Dead or  Alives concert in San Francisco  nobody in this planet could sing "YOU SPIN ME ROUND "  as Pete Burns does!
0	Maybe it's just my age showing but I like Jazz and I like most pre 2000 rock but this was terrible. I collect a lot of music even some I don't care for but this one I deleted right after I listened to it.
0	I'm a BIG Van Halen fan. but. this live album is a lttle too late. Dave, Dave, Dave. wassup?  He had it together for the initial reunion tour, but seems to have fallen back into that lounge lizard act that eventually sunk his solo career. He no longer seems interested in SINGING the lyrics, but rather talking, and mumbling his way through them. Although not 100%. he still has the chops if he chooses to use them. his very recent Foo Fighters appearance singing Panama, shows he can do better.  But lets spread some of the blame around. it's been a long time since I heard any live album recorded/mixed this badly. I swear it sounds like an audience shot cellphone vid with the sound ripped off it.  It's just atrocious! Everything is just muddled together, and blurry sounding.  I'm aware live is live, but what? No mixing board at that venue?  No effort to "clean it up" or separate tracks in the studio? I'm really surprised the band put their stamp of approval on this recording. As bad as the finally result, I think it may have been way better with decent recording/mixing.  After rumors of a new recording baring no fruit, I think this was just "slapped together" with little effort, just to get something out there.  Sloppy effort by all involved. I'm still looking for GOOD quality sound/video recordings of the initial reunion tour. this one ain't gonna cut it.  Sorry.
0	I need to quantify my review up front. In my dictionary, you look up the words 'music', 'class brass',' professional', and you'll see CHICAGO. Anyone who knows me, knows that CHICAGO is, and has been, my favourite group since dirt, hands down. The only other band closer is the Beatles. I own every 331/3 album, and every cd, twice. My key chain says "CHICAGO". My refrigerator and front door has CHICAGO magnets inside and out. Anything with the CHICAGO logo on it gets saved. Need more proof of my loyalty ?  This cd saddens this loyal fan to the point of heartache. I didn't say anything when this group started re-issuing albums and continuing to count them as progressive Roman numeral issues, I figured they earned the right, plus they had to eat. Despite the sad death of guitarist Terry Kath, the loss of drummer Danny Seraphine and bassist-singer Peter Cetera, this group really worked hard, both in the studio and at the concert venues to remain a vibrant part of the music scene. It is not easy to stay current for 40 years and please everyone.  When the new guys came on the scene, you didn't hear me speak ill of Jason Scheff for sounding like Cetera. Cetera was gone, Jeff was in and that's that. I didn't ever expect any one of Chicago's subsequent guitarists to sound like Terry Kath, and frankly, I didn't want them to. Even the drummer, Tris Imboden, was musically right for the fit of this band, all of them bringing their own piece of continuing Chicago talent into the fold.  But folks, this is not right. Chicago has more talent than this.  Part of me wants very hard to salute them for being there for 40 years, the other part says that I will not pay high ticket prices to stand in a cold Seattle rain to hear them play this music in concert. I can hear the same stuff on" Night and Day",  "Chicago 21" and all the Christmas songs that I have already bought years ago. I don't know, maybe I am just getting to old, but I think my sixteen year old is going to akin XXX to elevator music as well.  If you have to have it, then buy it. If you are hard up for money, save it for food or something worthwhile. I know my mom said that if I didn't have anything nice to say then I shouldn't say anything, but I am not getting a warm fuzzy feeling hearing this one. Usually I am stoked and can't wait to tell a friend. I may have to pull the shades and bolt the door and turn off the telephone. Thank goodness I have 29 other Chicago albums to listen to. Better luck next time fellas.  Maybe there was just too many cooks in the kitchen?
0	This is a waste of money. only one track and it is a crappy remix of a great song. I thought it was the actual cd "Decades" because from the mp3 version of the actual cd amazon directed me to this album.  Does anyone know how to give less than one star?  James Egbert should go to bed every night knowing that he is a douche just like i do for buying this cd.
0	I bought this because it popped up as an ad on a YouTube video of the song, but it wasn't the same version as in the video.  I deleted it.
0	When I first played this CD, I thought to myself that the singer did not sound like Johnny Rodriguez.  Then I looked at the cover of the CD and noted the following:  "All selections are new stereo recordings performed by the original artist or one or more members of the original group."  Not sure what this is supposed to mean, but to me the singing does not sound like the Johnny Rodriquez that I am used to. Don't waste your money on this unless you like Johnny Rodriquez songs that sound like they are being sung by someone else.
0	I hate not having a portable MP# file. I either own the music or i do not? I do not listen to these tunes on my computer!
0	I don't understand this at all. There are no redeeming qualities to this recording whatsoever and no reason for it to exist. I am as avid a fan of Bob Dylan as there is but he does not serve himself well with atrocities such as this or that inane Christmas album. I have to go listen to Blood On The Tracks and Oh Mercy now before my mind implodes.
0	This was the clean version, I want all my music they way the artist intended, with F-Bombs!
0	There was only one song. I was ripped off. I felt cheated. Amazon please let customers know how many songs are on a cd!
0	When it has came down to Beyonce' Knowles, and today's divas, she has became the most overexposed product in music today. Sadly, the quality of her voice has died and so has she in songs. But nevertheless, when she was a part of Destiny's Child, she made the decision to make a solo effort and try and prove she is more in voice and heart. Her solo debut song Crazy In Love is the very least her benchmark into her solo work, and the beginning of her relationship with her husband Jay-Z. They have had other collaborations for her career like the wasted Deja Vu, and the recent Drunk In Love which sounded more like a waste of time in voice and heart, and Bonnie & Clyde '03. It isn't a good song, because it has been overplayed but the very least it is her best work with her husband. Still, there needs to be better in voice and being crazy in love.  Song: D+
0	I'm disappointed in this version of the song. I cannot understand the words at all. The singers aren't louder than the accompaniment, so what is the point of a song if you can't hear or understand the words, especially in a Christmas carol.  There is a bell that is lightly dinged in the background and that is pretty.
0	I was really excited to get this CD as I already had had a copy but lost it a long time ago and wanted to replace it. It arrived soon enough, however when I listened to it hardly any of the songs listed on the back are actually on the CD. This is really disappointing. I don't know if it is a manufacturing error but its really a shame that they didn't check it. The songs aren't as good as the original list on the disc and it is also very poor quality to  have one track list on the CD and another on the CD cover. Now I will have to look for it next time I go to Mexico and won't be ordering it again.
0	Henley is a lyrical and musical genius, but he dumbs it down to country on this release. I don't know if it's pandering or just plain laziness. At any rate it's a disappointment. The lyrics are sophomoric and unrelated to the real world. Musically it's either country waltz or three chord rockabilly. Don't waste your money on this one.
0	If you like Betty Boop and fancy the idea of her singing soft ballads you'll love this stuff. Me. not so much.
0	I was out christmas shopping today and the store I was in was playing this cd in the background.  When I went to purchase my item I heard the store manager talking with a worker standing behind me.  The manager asked what music they were playing and the worker responded "the new Jessica Simpson Christmas cd".  I heard the manager then reply "can you please stop the music, it's scaring the customers and it's really bad for business."  I was so enthralled and fascinated at this point I had to find out why the store manager made that comment and why she was so insistant that they cut the cd off.  I went online later and listened to "Happy Christmas" and found out myself why.  It was truely awful.  I'm sorry I don't want to hear Jessica Simpson singing christmas carols when it sounds like she needed to blow her nose every song.  Jessica Simpson is just a strange creature.  Why does she continue to make music?  It really tells me something when there is only 12 reviews on here.  Plus she dates athletes.  Creepy.
0	Do not buy this particular version if you are looking for the explicit version. This version is an edited or radio version.
0	Lousy quality recording, you really have to be a die hard zappa fan to like it. I would also say it is best to listen to after 6 or 7 beers.
0	Katy Perry's second hit song, is very. catchy but it's annoying.  It's one of those songs you can't help but hum certain parts to and the video is just. well, it's just there. I thought the ladies dancing with the umbrellas or whatever was kinda cool the first time I saw it but I was wrong.  This song is just the flavor of the week and when I first heard it I didn't like it. It's gotten a bit better since then but don't expect this to win any grammies, LOL  2.5 stars.
0	Well. the music itself is engaging.  I had heard the song on a cruise ship and wanted the music to help learn the dance.  Sadly, the lyrics are nasty, even in the radio version.
0	The song is not the type of song i like. the song lack of energy. I think it is not fun to sing too.
0	Downloaded just fine.  Not sure what else to say about an mp3 purchase other than I didn't like the song and it works just fine.
0	What I simply and always say, is that when a artist has to come out with a song, they don't actually deliver when it has came down to song choice. For Fantasia to try to make that attempt with going to a modern R&B voice and sound in her music, it actually hasn't actually drove the point home. Her song Without Me, with Kelly Roland and Missy Elliot, the second single from her album Side Effects Of You is honestly one of the worst choices she has made into song. I really found it to be much weaker in the song from Fantasia, while it is more of a song that would fit into Kelly Rowland's sound, or something that Ciara would make. I definitely was not that impressed with the song, and it definitely is Fantasia's low point.  Song: D+
0	How can the album be 9.99 when the 2 tracks separately are each .99 ? What kind of price gouging is this ?
0	You'll love it if you like transsexuals rapping.
0	The music is well layed out and engineered extremely well but the lyrics make me want to slap this guy for being a whining ass. His voice bores the crap out of me.
0	seriously another generic radio rock band that falls in the theory of a deaman my darkest days popevil buckcherry just straight up generic rock that sounds like bon jovi meets nickelback  that will be in roatation at rock stations for the next 3 months then no one will remember who this band is seriously can we be a little more originally please!
0	Oh please. Whomever keeps saying Pearl Jam is better than Nirvana needs to let up. Pearl Jam is worse than Nirvana, yet I despise both. They both sold out. Vedder gladly obliged to be a media puppet, and Kurt knew what he was getting into when he signed with a major. Yet Kurt still didn't care to  fufill what was asked of him. He had always been lazy, and Nevermind reflects that. It's pure pop-rock on par with Bon Jovi, and he refused to admit it. There's no punk sensibility to it at all.
0	Every time I try to play. it crashes my computer. DON"T BUY. I bought to add to a powerpoint presentation and it will not work.
0	I purchased the song because I wanted to hear it with both Bryan May and Luciano Pavarotti. and Pavarotti doesn't sing it!
0	This is not music, it is not anything but a bunch of people talking or having sex in the background with some flute or guitar barely heard in the background.  WTF is wrong with you people for giving this CD a high rating.  Seriously, it is DUMB.  Seriously folks, if you want to listen to a porn with no video, this is it. There isn't any real music besides some light guitar or faint flute music.  I cannot believe this CD was so highly rated. Seriously dissappointed with the favoreable review, just unbelievable.  You'd have to be a moron to enjoy this.
0	I listened to the preview and I find it kind of annoying that this is even listed with all of these musical pieces.
0	This is a horrible arrangement.  Mr. Hecocks begins with a bizarre cowboy theme on all black keys that a piano student would learn on his first lesson.  This theme is repeated during the recording.  What does a cowboy theme have to do with a worship song.  Strange.
0	This is the worst sleep music I have purchased from Amazon. It is just the same 5 minutes of music, cycled a dozen times. And the music is too intense for a sleep aid.
0	Be warned  she went creative #pose #7 #iscreative . I first had 4 stars but went to two lol
0	Well I see now it does say this is a CD. But I am so dissatisfied. I thought Richard would be stretching with me. He isn't at all. I went to his website to let them know how upset I am the emails came back undeliverable.
0	Excellent presentation, but it's the worst Floyd album ever! They should regret to had produced it.
0	<div id="video-block-R2Q1HSK6N5Y27P" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name=" value="https:/ images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91GkwlNOTMS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name=" value="https:/ images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71Z3r61u5HS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Beautiful record and came new in packaging, however, it started skipping the very first time I used it. Very disappointing 
0	No, this is not another "I've been a fan of Lucinda since. this or that record.(usually "Wheels on a gravel road", which everyone seems to worship) and I was really so disappointed because she a) mumbles  b) slurs or c) isn't as good as she was on "Car wheels.  True, I've always liked Lucinda.  In a world of boy bands and shallow pop music she's been a constant factor, not always brilliant, but always heartfelt and sincere, providing a steady stream of decent albums in the borderland between country, blues and rock.  Her life hasn't always been easy, which is reflected in her voice. In this, her latest release, I feel that everything goes wrong.  It's a double CD, only 7 tracks on each record, most of them way too long, as if adding a few minutes of instrumentals or an extra verse on each is good enough excuse to make an extra disc out of it.  Sure, she mumbles, but that's not really the main problem.  She has always mumbled, all the way back to "Passionate kisses" when her voice was still young and strong.  It has never really bothered me that I needed to listen to the songs a few extra times to pick up all the words.  What makes this album such a pain to listen to, is the music itself.  The complete lack of new tunes. To be honest I feel I've heard it all before.  In fact I am pretty sure at least three of the songs - "Doors of heaven", "I know all about it" and "Bitter memory" are pale copies of something I can only vaguely remember, and the final track "Faith and grace" is just a 13 minute jam session gone horribly wrong.  There's even a dreadful cover version of Bruce Springsteen's "Factory", where she manages to take every ounce of life and soul out of what was once a quite powerful rock ballad.  Some reviews praise her sound, which is stripped down and pretty basic.  To me it sounds flat, uninterested and stale, as if a group of capable studio musicians have been pulled in to try to make a decent effort for the grand old lady of roots music.  It's the sound of old beer, tired muscles and autumn rain.  It's the sound of indifference.  Could have been Mark Knopfler.  Could have been Leonard Cohen.  Could have been the soundtrack of just about any ageing musician whose spirit is fading and the only thing left is to get done with the job.  Has Lucinda finally lost it?  Have all the years of boozing and shorting finally taken its toll?  This is supposed to be a concept album of the highway 20, and maybe it was just an idea gone wrong, something she felt strongly to make although the idea was better than the songs that came out of it?  I liked her previous album, where she had more than enough songs to make it a double.  I liked "Little honey" and I liked "Sweet old world" better than "Car wheels." (although I might be accused of blasphemy for saying so).  And in a world where good and original songwriters are few and far between, I still hope and believe that Lucinda has it in her. This one, however, was just a big yawn to me.
0	This makes no sense. Note to God is not an original song from Charice. The song is from JoJo's album The Highroad that came out in 2006. For Charice to say this is her song and not expect people to know its not makes no sense. I am a very big fan of Jojo but not so much of Charice anymore.
0	the two songs i really wanted  to hear aren't on it; what a waste of money; is the other music good? sure, but the missing songs make it a big disappointment.
0	On the whole, the album is definitely not in the same league as a good Pat Boone album.  However, I have found, when played at medium level, it does provide measurable relief for hemmoroid suffering.
0	Most of the music starts out okay but then in the middle it gets loud and takes on a jazzy type sound which doesn't do well to relax a person who is trying to sleep.  Of course the samples that are given don't let you know that.  Worst 1.99 I have spent.  May not seem like a lot to Amazon but for me it was like throwing it out the window.  Amazon can do that with it's own money.  I won't purchase another music from them.
0	was not aware that they were not the original tracks
0	This CD length singe-track audio "song" is really just sound effects layered together to give the mood of a "tropical jungle". I think it is South America or Central America wildlife sounds. Generally, the audio is good and somewhat relaxing until the somewhere near the middle part of the track where a growl (probably Jaguar or Leapord) loudly punctuates the sequence. It is loud enough that the tranquility is shattered. Once you know this is present in this recording, it becomes difficult to relax and enjoy listening to it again.  Imagine you knew someone was going to yell in your ear at some random point within the next hour. now try to relax.
0	I don't understand, how serious Yes fans can consider this 'Fly From Here' to be a REAL YES ALBUM.  Step back to the real world, dudes: This is nothing else than an album that could be better titled as "DRAMA, Vol 2". . But this time, the performing band name is MAYBE.  . Hey, but. What can you REALLY expect when there's no more Jon Anderson and Rick (or even his so-talented son Adam) Wakeman, back in the full gang? In addition, Trevor Horn has 'Buggles-ed' the music once again.  This 'Fly From Here', definitely, only has the cover art (another excellent work of the maestro Roger Dean) of a Yes album. The music, really performed by the band MAYBE. And ZERO stars.
0	this CD  has onley one GOOD song on it don't waist your money on it just go to Itunes and buy it what a waist of MONEY
0	don't have much to say about this as this was something I had not even ordered.  No real words for this at all.
0	As I began listening to this album, two cyclists started chasing me down the street!  I got no action from this album at all.
0	I like the song very much. My copy skips.  THe gifted copy I sent to my girlfriend, turns up on her phone, but she must purchase.  How do I get a refund?
0	It is a good song but it isn't a spectacular song.  This song is lacking the spectacular quality of All of her previous music.  I LOVE GAGA , but not this song
0	had forgotten I even ordered this until I started writing reviews for other purchases! ugghhhh! 2 other CDs this same comment. damn! since I don't remember them I most likely don't have a copy of the original order, where it was supposed to come from and too late to get the item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	. which isn't saying much since I got this as a freebie!  Since this was free, I decided to download it for kicks.  Sanjaya started off with promise - but only got worse as the song progressed.  While his diction was good (hence, the extra -star rating), it still didn't make up for his breathy voice or his "pitchiness" (going either sharp or flat - usually flat) - and I still have no real idea what the song was all about!  Actually, I'm rather glad I got this as a free download.  At least I'll know not to waste my money on the entire album!
0	did not sound as good as it did in BOURNE IDENTITY!
0	disc 2 was not stopping at all it played for 6 hours over and over
0	Not a bad bond title song. But no excuse why this is not on soundtrack CD. Adele should be boycotted. Barbara should be ashamed of herself causing Cubby to roll over in his grave.
0	Jimmy Buffett and Ian Anderson of Jethro Tull both knew their limitations and talents. So when they put out Christmas albums, they knew what would work, and what wouldn't, and made their musical selections accordingly.  YOu'll notice that Buffett never once touches the religious pieces and Tull touches religious pieces only as instrumental arrangements. But then again Dylan has always taken himself too seriously.  Some producer should have had the guts to tell Dylan that his selections were atrocious, and absolutely wrong for what is left of his voice.  But big names produce big fear, and so, we have this piece of musical garbage.  As many have noted the only piece that works at all is Must Be Santa. And that is only because of what he does with the reindeer names. Everything else is like nails on a chalkboard.  Doesn't Dylan have enough money as it is?  But there could be a bright side.  The military may have just found a new softening up option prior to high-level interrogations.  But it could be against the Geneva Convention.
0	It was not the full DVD that I expected. Very disappointed.
0	This was a gift for my daughter for Christmas, so I can't review this item
0	Didn't like this album. Totally hated "La Llave De Mi Corazon" it sounded like the song you would hear on a Burger King commercial. Why add the english lyrics? There is no need for it. I'm totally disappointed and deleting from my iPod. Get all of his previous material, because it's really world class.
0	I'm sorry. I haven't been able to listen to this all the way through twice. Love Come to Life was amazing. I suppose this may be a worship album, but it lacks all of the dynamic variety of Come to Life, which has had me in tears many times. I'll be selling it.
0	I couldn't download all 930 or so mp3s from the cloud player without clicking them 1 at a time. However, thanks to amazon showing that this resource exists for free, I was able to find the site "bible.is". On that site they have the complete Bible, plus they have both dramatized and non-dramatized versions of KJV, NASB, ESV, and contemporary English. If this product didn't need to be downloaded through cloud player, I would have given it a 4/5 stars. That is 4/5 not 5/5 because I don't really like the background music.
0	I love this song I.accually searched for two weeks to find it then I had a brainstorm and used shazzam,and got it that way my 15 month old dances evrytime it comes on. Luv it.
0	Not close to his best, just pedestrian, a money making pot boiler.
0	I love the soundtrack to Psycho. It's one of my favorites of all time, so you can imagine how delighted I was to see this release was available. I bought it as soon as I saw it and was excited when it showed up on my doorstep. I put it on my turntable and was horrified to hear how absolutely terrible the sound quality was. It was like someone had held a tape recorder up to an old TV and pulled the audio from a beat up VHS. I couldn't believe how dreadful it sounded. And absolute insult to Bernard Herman's classic score.  So, if you're like me and collect and enjoy listening to soundtracks on vinyl, do yourself a favor and don't make the same mistake I did.
0	Sample tracks sounded great, but when you listen to the entire CD it's one monotonous song after another.  Had high hopes for this, but was pretty much disappointed in the tunes.  Probably will give it away if I can find someone who wants it.
0	Wow. I'm really disappointed in this.  I guess I'm just not hearing what others are that seem to enjoy this, but the band sounds muddled and uninspired.  I get the impression they are going through the motions (which they are) and could really care less anymore what they put out.  Roth sounds soooooo bad, It's really embarrassing.  And I'm still not excited about the set list.  It's not that its a bad set list, but they have become a tribute band to themselves considering they choose to ignore 4 albums worth of material as if it never happened AND virtually ignore the new material from the very album they are supposed to be promoting.  So disappointing.  Back in the day, VH would play 80-90% of a new album.  They were proud of what they did and dying to show it off.  There are songs on ADKOT that are just begging to be played live, but I'm guessing we'll never hear 'em.  Shame to put this out and not have cuts like Big River, You and Your Blues or Beats Workn' on here (as terribly retreaded and unoriginal as ADKOT was, I still enjoyed the release quiet a bit.  I play it often and it has some great songs to workout to.  To bad most of them will never see the light of day light.  What a shame.  I'll pass.  I own about every VH CD that's been released (had III, but got rid of it).  But I'll pass on this one.  I'll still listen to the studio cuts (heck, Daves last solo was pretty good), but I'll pass on the "Live Money Grab" thank you very much.
0	i saw anointed at toccoa fest, and immediately went and bought the album.  i was disappointed, only enjoyed a few songs.  the only time the listen to the album is when i have trouble sleeping.  don't waste your time and money
0	please don't waste your money on this recording. It sounds as though it were input to the computer sequencer without any regard to tempo on continuity.  A very un-musical album.
0	In the late 1970s there was a Yes-inspired wannabee band called Starcastle.  Starcastle were goodish, they had a smattering of reasonably widespread albums, but they were not in the same league with Yes.  Starcastle's arrangements were softer, less articulate, and their lyrics were hairy-fairy without ever really getting anyplace.  You know, "star stuff" "galaxies" and friendly maidens in the mist, but what was the point?  I regret to say this, but "Fly From Here" sounds like Starcastle.  It's Yes Light.  I'm glad they're still out there, working on new material.  But this is simply not a CD I will be spinning again in preference to almost any other Yes album I possess.  This is for one of two listeners:  either the Yes Completist, or someone who is not acquainted with Yes, but who enjoys light, fluffy, spacey, extended pop.  Just not a great album IMO.
0	I think this is her worst song ever. Blah! She is so talented, I can't fathom why she'd write such an incipid song as this.
0	Not the version I knew or wanted. Didn't know that before purchase! Was not given possibility to see that it was a different version. Did not say remix when purchased.
0	Does a self-inflicted hole in the head make one a better musician? I thought not, so let's drop the charade that Kurt Cobain is a legend. If Nirvana and Kurt Cobain were the be-all, end-all of the music scene, it wouldn't have continued to evolve much less thrive after Cobain took the cowardly way out of life ten years ago. This proves that Cobain was unimportant to the music world. Look for yourself and try to find any contribution he brought to music. When you see it in its totality, his mark on the rock music scene was minimal, and his mark the music scene as a whole was detrimental. Most music in general is stagnant because it continues to include Kurt Cobain as an essential influence, but rock is regressing because Cobain is the man who allowed Nu-Metal and Hate-Rock to be bore from Nirvana. Nirvana had none of the passion, drive, and true grit that makes honest musicians stand out. Nirvana fans confuse laziness and sloppy musicianship with pure honesty just because Kurt says that's what it is. That's how easily-duped they are. When I see Kurt Cobain compared alongside Jimi Hendrix, Bob Dylan, and John Lennon, I find it sickening because Cobain, as he's been anointed by his fans and critics alike, is King of the Slackers. He was a lazy opportunist who fed off his legend status to finance his "heroine" habit. A modern musician and artist I've stumbled upon recently is Tracey Chapman. Unlike Cobain, she truly could lend her voice for the persecuted because she herself has been persecuted. She spoke of all the desolation Kurt Cobain never faced but claimed he had. She spoke of inciting a revolution for the poor to rise and gain what they had been denied; Kurt Cobain just wanted to incite a revolution for spoiled middle-class kids from divorced parents to gain what they never were entitled to. Tracey's wails could both move people to tears and prove injustices of the downtrodden all at once. Could Kurt Cobain HONESTY do any of those things? No. When getting into music, I suggest anything besides whiny nasal bands, Nirvana, pop-punk, and any form of Metal, especially for younger people getting into the music scene. If you read that and ask, what else is there to choose from, I think the you've given in to the media already. Once teens discover Kurt Cobain, they think that just because the media and stuffy critics say so, that there's nothing beyond him, which is a lie. I saw bypass him and Nirvana altogether. I recommend: Tracey Chapman, The Cranberries, The B-52s, The Beatles, John Lennon, Bob Dylan, The Moody Blues, and anything else experimental or strange. Nirvana was just lazy.
0	Sounded like pure dog poo. His career is finished for suing H3H3, go to hell
0	After download it was fuzzy and distorted
0	This is the worst description on the South I've ever heard my recommendation to any true Southern is "DON'T BY THIS DISGUSTING GARBAGE" I can't package it up fast enough to get it out of my house.
0	I love Fleetwood and Stevie, but just couldn't get into this album.
0	I am not a fan of the new stuff. :(
0	0304 sees Jewel cross-over from her folk-country roots to pop. Laced with heavy beats and keyboards, this album fails to ignite and feels labored and intense. Whereas, Jewel excels in organic music with beautiful storytelling, this album really is a step in the wrong direction for her. Her beautiful voice gets lost in production with only the moderately successful 'Intuition' making any mark on the listener. I love Jewel but failed to find anything in this piece of work that inspired me. A disappointing affair overall. I think that she will look back on this one with regret.
0	Why is amazon selling Nazi propaganda?
0	Honestly this album is really disappointing. I will say to you just go back to Alaska and explore your roots again! Take care!
0	I am a big Rage fan, and wanted the edited versions to play while I drive a school bus. I paid $9 for all the 'clean' versions on Amazon. Imagine my surprise when I found they were NOT edited! I contacted Amazon and was given a refund, and told them about the error. Make sure you get what you pay for!
0	I gave this a listen.  A friend of mine knows I'm a big fan of Frank, etc, so he thought I'd like this.  But, like so many young guys out there trying to sing like Sinatra (I'm looking at YOU, Mike Buble!), they fail because they have no heart. Now, technically, Seth is a good singer.  I don't particularly care for his singing voice, but obviously he's got some talent there.  I almost appreciate the 1958-era style of the album cover.  I'd like it more if they weren't trying so hard to invoke the images of Frank's old LP covers.  But Seth's singing has absolutely no heart, no soul, whatsoever.  And this is what's missing in the singing of today; anyone who thinks they can pull off singing, does, and we're left with a glut of talented singers, very few of whom I ever care to hear.  This is one of them.  I just can't take it.  It's empty singing.  No heart. - Not to mention, it's frickin' Brian Griffin singing!?  Impossible to listen to.
0	I hate that anyone thinks this is Burl Ives. Listen to the other songs on this "album". Listen to the classic from the original animated How The Grinch Stole Christmas. The singer's name was Thurl Ravenscroft.
0	This is some sort techno version like the first reviewer said. The only place that has the original seems to be rhapisody under some hit of 80s CD. It sounds a little thin to me but its the right version at least.
0	I saw this song and artist on Octane from Sirius XM.  Whatever I bought is not it.  These guys seem very angry.
0	Re-recordings. Not the original releases.
0	Ken Vasoli graduated from my high school so all of you teeny bopping 12 year olds who run around screaming, "Kenny," are full of it. This album is anything but what I expected from the band. If you want a real Starting Line sound drop by my house sometime and I'll show you some tapes I have of them playing local shows around here. You know, before they sucked. Ok, so they don't suck, but they were far better before they released this cd. Stay underground with songs like "Greg's Last Day" and the original "Leaving." Good Starting Line, unlike this album
0	Something is up with the sound quality of this. I purchased it through Amazon and received a digital download. The sound quality is weak, I don't know if I should try this again? Are the CD's similar in sound quality? It's as if too many Db's are being pushed through the system and you can tell a weakness in sound even at a low volume. it's weird!
0	Well in short, not good at all, not my chemical romance style, if they felt like getting back to the basic's at least go back to decent music like three cheers.
1	For lovers of David Arkenstone and others on the Windham Hill label, this album is a keeper. Very relaxing and peaceful, while not putting you to sleep. I love to work late at night and this music is great for that.
1	I love this album.  God bless you, Derek Horton, wherever you are.
1	MC Flepp (Roman Flepp) from Liricas Analas raps in Romansh (Sursilvan?) and Graubnden Swiss-German. I am not a Romansh speaker. I will say I am a student of German so I find it really cool whenever I can make out small bits of the Swiss-German :). I think Romansh is a very lovely, musical language, very pleasing to the ear, and Flepp works wonders with his mothertongue. The beats are planned really well, Flepp has a voice that (imho) is perfect for his music, and every track on this album is laid out with sensibility. He goes through a lot of different styles, from mellow to jazzy. Very refreshing. Guests include Liricas Analas on Mett'avon and MC Spoon on Musica.
1	My 6 year old grandaughter had the volume up for hours while she played the CD. She will be listening to it for a long time.  Grammpa
1	I first heard this song while watching the movie, "Tha Naked Gun" starring Leslie Nielson. I like it!
1	I enjoyed the music; however, would prefer to be able to purchase a CD rather than just a download. Would give five stars if I could have purchased an actual CD.
1	Great to listen to. For my daughter and the lessons through life. Also Smash Mouth Get knocked down but I get back up again !
1	So at the beginning of the year after school I went to her concert Hunter hays was on tour with her they were off the chain!$
1	Love this song, so fun.  My 9 and 10 year old love it too.  We jam out to it in the van.
1	I have to admit that I know very little about the cover of a cover of a cover of a song genre, but in my opinion this is the best one since Britney Spears' cover of Madonna's cover of Marilyn Monroe covering "Happy Birthday" for JFK. It's even above that "Silent Night" one that was re-covered one hundred and eighty times by Nashville artists alone! I know how proud and happy Glee must be to have become an integral link in the chain of this infinite artistic loop of admiring immense posteriors through song.
1	Great song to work out to! love it. inspiring!
1	I purchased the presale album. Two songs are available immediately. I think this may be their best album yet!
1	While clearly a tremendous technical achievement, this 2CD set is at the same time ranging and intimate in its expression - both explosive and contemplative. I love it!
1	I didn't grow up with this kind of music in the predominantly African American churches that I grew up in but listening to it now makes me wish I heard stuff like this earlier. Beautiful lyrics and it is all lifting up the name of Jesus Christ.
1	I love this song and it wasn't available on ITUNES! Amazon had it and for cheap
1	The history of this song is very intense if you listen to the lyrics. Also the singing voices are very well in tune.
1	I remember when the Four Tops were popular and I still love them today.  Soon my oldies favorites list will be at 150!
1	Great time to have this as an anthem, I change the lyrics to "Dancing through the wires b/c I am Champion"  Sorry Katie, but that's what it felt like to me. I had to dance through wires to be with her,dangerous and not a good thing to do.
1	All time great song by a great country singer. Great to play at 50th wedding anniversary.
1	. then you will love this. If you enjoy autotunes and songs about being an independant woman who married for status, then what are you doing here?
1	I can relate to this song all the way around because my Father passed away in 2011 and He including my Mother and I knew it was his time to let go. I listen to this song in memory of Him.
1	This is spontaneously inspired piano music that evokes wonderful memories and stirs up the Dreamer in the listener! The whole project, FingerPaintings: Serenity is like peace on a disc!
1	Can't go wrong with Lauren Daigle, She ha s an anointing on her
1	The First Cut Is the Deepest" is a 1967 song written by Cat Stevens, originally released by P. P. Arnold in May 1967. Stevens' own version originally appeared on his album New Masters in December 1967. This one is OK, but CAt's version is the best.
1	This is a song that will probably be one that is an all time hit. I love everything about it.
1	I mean seriously, if you don't know and love this song, you either shouldn't be listening to the doors or something is wrong with you. I know its college music these days, but all the same.
1	I love Don Meon's music, but there are a few song that will not play. My favorites are I'll say Yes and The Greatness of you
1	Lovely  CD, calming and relaxing music.
1	This is some good music, right here! LaRue is a vocal beast. I had the pleasure of being at the live recording and I was blown away with her vocals, the background vocals and the band. Everything was on point. The music as easy to follow and I didn't feel cheated when it came to ministry. Although it was the recording for her CD, she still stayed with the ministry element and tears were flowing, hands were praised, and praises were being given to The Father. In listening to the CD, it takes me right back to the point in time when our hands were raised, eyes closed, dancing, clapping and just praising.  I Love To Worship and I Don't Want to Leave This Place will have you with the ugly cry(smile).  Don't sleep on this one. And, when she ministers, you can see that she has a heart for God and God's people. Support her ministry. It's well worth every dime.
1	From one of my favorite movies, this song can bring out so much emotion and feeling. Love love love it.
1	This is a fantastic album layered with dynamic lyrics, interesting production and musicianship. It blurs the genres of electronica and rock and infuses it with a psychedelic intelligence.  For fans of progressive, emotional and electronic music, this is album is for you. Check Adam. 01 at [.]
1	Love this corney song I play for anyone's birthday
1	Gorgeous music that goes through your soul!
1	This should be an international anthem for the millions who resist the 9 to 5. Or the answer to the life long question. where do I fit in? Leave it to LOS LOBOS to put this worrisome question to a foot tapping celebration ala Zydeco Blues. All I can say is BON TEMPS ROULE !
1	Another great song by Matthew West!  This song can reach so many people, because everyone has felt regret and despair.
1	Awesome brings back many memories of good times, I'm a sucker for the oldies
1	Jonathan Sprout performed at my school when I was six, and my mother bought me a cassette tape of "On The Radio." I listened to that tape until it finally broke after years and years of rewinding and replaying, so I was delighted to come across the digital version of this album on Amazon.
1	I am a little late to join the party when it comes to this artist, but wanted to buy his cd after seeing the video for Thinking Out Loud on youtube (I didn't realize it had been played to death on the radio according  to friends)  I love  the cd. It is awesome to find an artist that actually plays real instruments, writes their own music , with lyrics that actually convey human emotions. Wonders never cease.
1	Thanks for getting it to me on time and as described.  Gotta Love doing this dance!
1	I remembered this song one day. and began researching it online. My flate ather once owned the vinyl record. He frequently played different genres of music music around the house. I grew up loving all kinds of music. I have not heard this song since childhood. The vinyl record of course is lost now. This digital song was sung by much the same/similar original artist I'd listened to growing up. It brought back wonderful memories of happy childhood days.
1	i have to say is that rick ross has been thru the ups and downs of ppl coming at him and dissing him well this album backs every thing up rick ross is coming off real nice on this album. teflon don the album is more of an chilling laid back more kind of an album. songs like free mason is really nice tracks over all the whole album is a worth of a pick pick up its better the drakes album drake has a good album to as well. maybach music 3 is i real nice track to check out to guys go get this album.
1	Well packaged and good response.  Great quality, thanks!
1	I got to stream this record free courtesy of NPR, and I loved it. It's classic shoegaze with a current sensibility, with melodic grooves and even catchy hooks complementing the fuzzy guitars and droning vocals. Best track is 'Dig', but listen to the whole album from start to finish as intended; it's a lush trip through a tonal dreamscape.
1	Liked it when I was a kid. cool .her version of Michael Jackson. almost exact. now I'm blown by it. she has such a way about her. no wonder prince and quincy Jones and Whitney Houston and all the rest admire her talent.
1	This is NOT the "classic" TSFH that everyone is used to.  This is NOT along of the lines of Invincible or Archangel.  This is pure evil coming from Thomas Bergersen and Nick Pheonix.  Some of the songs are downright painful to listen to, but they are still fascinating to listen to.  Most of the music in this album comes from their first few collections, such as Shadows and Nightmares, Ashes, and Dynasty.  There is a much, MUCH darker, evil, grating sound.  It's the kind of sound you'd expect from an outstanding horror movie.  For whatever reason, the song "To Die on Halloween" is hands down, the creepiest song in this whole album.  It has a very light, almost fun "bounce" to it, but the lyrics are downright horrifying.  "Chop off a limb.  Batter and bake", "What do we get from the light of the sun?  A nasty burn now isn't that fun?"  It would be like Barney brutally murdering all of his kids.  It's just fantastically brilliant.
1	I bought this album on vinyl when it was first released [1972]. "Dos" is Malo's second album and has less vocal content than their brilliant first album titled "Malo" [which I also highly recommend], but once again Malo prove what fine musicians they are with the amazing sounds of the Spanish trumpet often in the lead and, as always with Malo, there is an ensemble of Latin percussion. Each of the six long tracks provides intense listening, if you can manage to sit still that is, many of the rhythms and beats invite body movement. The opening track "Momotombo" sets the pace of the whole album with almost every instrument & certainly every band member giving it their all, followed by the lively "Oye Mama", about as Latin American as you can get. Somewhere on a Malo album there has to be a love song & "I'm for Real" says it 'nicely', then the hauntingly beautiful flute piece "Midnight Thoughts" gives us a special treat. The tribal sounding chant "Hela" takes us back to the primitive, before the final nine & a half minute crescendo "Latin Bugaloo" sums up all this band are about. If you are already into Malo and you like to collect original albums you won't go wrong adding this one to your CD library. The musicianship is remarkable. I can't praise it enough.
1	Why don't we see this chick on tv? I've heard her only occasionally on the radio, and her renditions are so smooth and sentimental. so well-done that she should be way on top!
1	There are really only a few things in life we can count on. One is that we will die. Another is that Motorhead is going to release a pulse pounding, heavy, jam filled album and once again, they do not disappoint at all. Mikkey Dee sounds amazing and purely flawless on the drums while Campbell plays his guitar masterfully busting out memorable and furious solos. Despite all the health problems Lemmy has had this year, he still sings powerfully and captivates with an angry, heavy snarling vocal performance. The songs are as catchy as ever and Shoot Out All the Lights contains a great call and response section. Motorhead have always been capable of busting out a great ballad and this doesn't change with the infectious Til The End. Every song is a riveting and heavy performance by this trio and then we hit the grand finale, a cover of the Rolling Stones' "Sympathy for the Devil." Not very many bands could pull off a Stones cover, but HOLY CRAP does Motorhead SLAY this song! I was smiling from ear to ear. Lemmy doesn't try to mimic Jagger but instead puts his own unique snarling spin on the vocals while Phil plays a couple of perfect solos to compliment Dee's tight and fluid drumming. This album is pretty much perfect and this band needs a #1 in the U.S. so I urge you, if you want some talented classic metal in your life, pick this album up.
1	This is my pick if you need a song to get you started on a long road trip to fight vampires, demons and werewolves.
1	It's definitely a crying shame that these guys have been together for so little time. This Paris concert is a superb mix of free jazz, post-bop and avant-garde. By listening to it you can find out why Chick Corea is by far the best pianist ever appeared on the jazz scene since the 60's and why Dave Holland was and still is one of the most important bass players in the world. Barry Altschul is superb as well and yes, Anthony Braxton is not as comfy in playing standards as his bandmates but he fits here great anyway. Although being an item for accustomed ears, this is not to be missed by any real music lover.
1	I love these techno versions.  DJ Doomsday, please make more of these songs.  God Bless you. Now I can dance and worship at the same time.
1	i stated listening to the jackson 5 when they first hit the radio stations coming out of chicago. when michael started is solo career i always stayed up with his music which as far as im concerned is the greatest entertainer ever
1	What can I say, great song from my teenage years.  Now I have my teenager liking it.  lol
1	It's a song, you either like it or you don't.  I like it and therefore am recommending it to you. :)
1	How can your toes not tap to this one. Mars knocks it out of the stratosphere again.
1	wont go wrong,and enjoyed every second of eric clapton's music. other downloaded mp3 music lacked clarity. you won't regret getting/purchasing these musics.
1	The shock is still wearing off about Dolores O'Riordan's passing.  My daughter was devastated when I told her the news- she always wanted to see the band live.  And this song- it was both our favorite Cranberries song.  The song haunted my dreams the night she passed.  My daughter and I both love the way Dolores sang.  She was obviously proud of her heritage and never tried to hide her accent in her songs, and her voice played a big part in giving the band their signature sound.  If you've never heard a Cranberries record- this is probably the one to introduce yourself to their sound.
1	This is one of my all time favorite songs. Even if you are not a country music fan I would recommend this song. Well worth the price of the MP3.
1	I bought this Uk edition of their debut album because it had extra tracks including Boyfriend featuring Snoop Dogg! I liked it!
1	This is one of those perfect singles It's so simple but, so close to flawless Dave Gahan vocals even the 1980's synth keyboard sound all work to create a  flawless single that still to this day stands the test of time!  A must all around  10/10
1	Nice album, easy to listen to, and obviously a hit for Ms. Morissette.  Wouldn't doubt that because of the sound, lyrics and time this album was released, it'll easily be noted as a
1	I'm jockin on these haters, man. This song is a euphoric mix of culture + party. Five stars.
1	I have worn it out, also gave as gifts to family.
1	incredibly lyrical and musically talented.  A breath of fresh air!
1	Okay, I bought this for one ONE song.  Jesus Savior, it s a great song and I love the message behind it.  My family just sighs when I pull out my kindle and start to play the song on it.  They know no matter the season that song will be played.  haha
1	Love every aspect of this ! Great  Film !  Great soundtrack ! Top Notch stuff. If you haven't seen or heard this,  Your missing out !
1	Love this version of Tu Amor Mi Amor by Formula Five. Use to listen when growing. my mom love the song, good times.
1	I love this CD.  Barbra is amazing!
1	I agree with the other reviewer that this is a very warm recording, which is often far from modern convention.  I personally think this is one of the best that I have heard of.  The sound is tonally beautiful and lyrical.  Maybe Martzy is a bit on the same page with Haendel and Grumiaux.  Quite far from Heifetz, Milstein and younger violinists.  If you like more objective styles, this is not the best option.  Stay with Szeryng or Milstein.
1	I have this on an LP record and finally found it here. The entire collection is great fun with the "monsters" singing their own songs.
1	I don't think Mozart purists would want a collection that consists in large part of excerpts or single movements from various works, but I bought this for my kids and it really is an entertaining, first-rate, diverse introduction to the endless repertoire of Mozart.  Perfect for someone who is only a casual fan of classical music, or kids who need memorable tunes to sustain their interest in classical music, or I suppose for someone who just wants beautiful music in the background.
1	Great soulful deliveries on every song included in this project.
1	This comes from one of the more obscure Gerge Harrison albums but will always be one of my favorite songs!
1	GUYS! I WAS SO EXCITED WHEN I HEARD THALIA WAS GOING TO HAVE A NEW CD, AND THAT EXCITEMENT WAS REALLY WORTH IT WHEN I BOUGHT AND LISTENED TO THIS CD! ALL THE SONGS ARE JUST AMAZING! THALIA HAS GROWN AS AN ARTIST FROM ALBUM TO ALBUM. ALL I CAN SAY IS THAT I RECOMMEND THIS CD TO EVERYONE, ITS FANTASTIC!
1	I love everything she has ever done. I periodically need to purchase a new cd to replace a scratched one.
1	This song is very special to me as I'm a proud Navy wife. Any song that honors the Military is great. This song was played at the funeral of a very special  Navy SEAL. It always brings tears to my eyes.
1	The "Good Morning" Song is what I bought this for, but love the CD as well.  The "Good Morning" song can take a drabby day and put pep in your step, brighten your face as you sing along & dance with her. Thank you Mandisa for blessing us with your God given talents!
1	This isn't the "princess" music you'd likely expect, it's better than that.  It is world guitar music.  It is very similar to a world music CD we have been using when putting out baby to sleep.  This was a good addition to change things up a bit while still being soothing and calm.  I didn't give it 5 stars because there are a few songs where the guitar chords are sharp and a bit startling.  This is fine to listen to when you're awake, but aren't as soothing as I would've liked for falling asleep.  I skip those songs, the others are great.  I loved the price on this, and it was definitely worth it!
1	I would ask people to purchase Beyonce if they like this artist.  Music is an individual choice and should be treated as such.
1	His voice is tempered with gravel, but the words are still magic. The album only gets better with a few listenings.  He has been missed, and this may be one of his last works, but it was worth the wait.
1	Although Gretchen is a self-proclaimed "Redneck Woman", this Christmas collection is actually a nice blend of country twangs and tranditional productions. "The Christmas Song" for example, is rich with jazzy piano and quite the vocal showcase.  "I Want a Hippopotamus for Christmas" is the best song on the album and the only notable cover of the classic song. It's beautifully honky tonk while still being faithful to the original.  "Santa I've Been Naughty" is a great original track and definitely a highlight.  "Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas" is another vocal spotlight and quite charming. It's one of my personal favorites.  The others are good too. In fact, the only dud goes to "Nuttin' for Christmas" which is about 98% annoying and 2% cute.  OVERALL: Although I love country music from time to time, sometimes mixing the genre with traditional Christmas carols can be a bad move. Fortunally the productions here maintain a solid sense of classic holiday atmosphere, with just the right touch of signature Gretchen. Her vocals shine throughout many of the tracks and her irresistible attitude makes an appearance as well. I give it a solid recommendation!
1	The sound is rich, the harmonies are deep, the arrangements are original. I have played it many times and recommended it to friends.
1	I lost my cd of the manhattans so I picked up my hits here. great love songs.
1	perfect for reminiscing. Affordable price  Esay download and I can carry this part of my past with me for whenever I need a blast from the Past.
1	Well, "Memory", has a special place in the heart of my sweetheart, and Betty Buckley simply does it best!
1	She is amazing singer and she is even better LIVE. I wish I could find all of her songs LIVE!
1	This is a splendid sampler of classical greatest hits featured in films. I have been enjoying it while working and it enlivens my day.
1	Carol of the Bells is my favorite Christmas song but with so many artists doing their own version of it I find it hard to pick a version that reminds me of my child hood.  I think this version does a very good job in that.
1	Great song! I've always liked Crow, so that's no surprise. You'd think! But believe me, I was surprised to hear Sheryl's voice accompanying this music during the end credits to the film K-PAX. It was so unlike the many other hits she has released over the years. The music itself is no different from the beautiful and spacy score that enveloped the movie nicely. The only other song in the movie is Elton John's "Rocket Man", a classic. Unfortunately these two tracks were excluded from the soundtrack. It's just the score. So look elsewhere for this great song! Trust me, you won't be disappointed.
1	Even if you don't dance, you can't help but move to this music.
1	LeAnn Rimes is one of my favorite artists to begin with. No dislikes, loved everything about this song. Recommended to anyone who needs rapture.
1	What a fantastic gift from the Fjords! This CD is astoundingly well-crafted, every note seems perfectly placed, the lyrics are wise and beautifully fitted to the music. Generally, this is soft, warm, lulling music, but it doesn't put you to sleep. "Toxic Girl" is catchy, jangly, and rhythmic- without ever seeming pretentious or overproduced.  "Sing Softly to Me" will have you snapping and nodding your head  before you know it.  There is a real soothing quality here, though, that can't be denied. Fans of  "Low" and "Air" should be quite pleased.
1	it is one of my favorite son from the 80s
1	Love this song so much. Reminds us to pray, give it to God, move on and trust! Great song of encouragement!
1	I've been looking for some inspiration today, and I found it online at Amazon.
1	This CD is hilarious, i admit  there are some songs that aren't really funny, but theres always 1 or 2 bad songs on an album (in this one, the 1 bad track is "It happened in sun valley" that was a REALLY bad song). Also if you are easily offended by swearing, raciest remarks (don't worry its always in the interest of humor and always is funny) so if you are so devoted  to you religion that you would defend it in any way then don't buy this. But if you like south park or are getting sick of the normal Christmas songs then BUY THIS ALBUM
1	Love this and keep it on my kindle and play over and over again.  Have this on a cd also in my car.  Quite beautiful!
1	It is awesome!  So glad a CD came out.
1	It is a good song with nice lyrics. The beat is slow jam style. May help ppl understand to listen to their mate before the relationship comes to an end.
1	Might be my favorite Radiohead album ever. The instrumentation is gorgeous. Thom Yorke's voice is at its best.
1	Great cd. This is the only cd I have found with so many great songs on one disc. Usually there are a couple good hits along with average or below average hits. From start to finish this cd will have you saying " I have forgotten how great that song is". Definitely recommend to any 70s music fan.
1	Jerry's playing wrings so much feeling out of every note, and everything he plays is so tasteful and rich.  Yum.
1	a good mix of 'common songs' from merry England! - I particularly enjoyed the sound of a man from the 16th century bemoaning all of the 'progress' and 'newfangled fashions' that were destroying the heart of the England he knew.
1	I have an original promo copy of this unknown gem - from when it was released. After years of play, I needed a replacement and I found this pristine copy for a very fair price. It arrived sooner than expected and packaged properly for shipment. Thanks to Amazon and their affiliates.
1	Here we have another prime example of DMB doing what they do best: live shows. This show is special for quite a few reasons, one being only one of a few bands to play the historic Wrigley Field and this being their last show of the summer 2010 tour. This release is the 2nd night of a two-night run, if you were a member of the Warehouse, you could have gotten both nights. Anyways, this show is incredible, for those who complained about the last release's sound issues(Live In New York), this release sounds amazing, and on a side note, I could not really hear any problem with the New York release, but I digress. The show starts with an explosive You Might Die Trying, a great way to start things off. Dave then slips in the always wonderful Stay or Leave and even bt the second song, you can tell this is a special night for the band and the fans. Dave does a partial Good Good Time, a nice surprise for the fans that goes straight into yet another incredible #41, and like every fan knows, Dave and the band always re-invent the song. There is so much energy in this show, it really feels like you're there in the crowd. After the incredible Two Step, Dave surprises yet again with the beautiful Christmas Song and ends the show with none other than The Last Stop. If you're a fan, just buy because you know it's good, if you're new, still buy it and see the magic that is DMB live. Dave and the boys still prove that after 20 years, they have no signs of slowing down or stopping what they do best. And if you're lucky enough to catch the Caravan this summer, I'm sure it'll be the concert of a lifetime!
1	I love this song because it is really catchy and fun and has cute lyrics. David Archuleta wins again. :)
1	I think this is a great album. There is not one song I dislike on this CD. I defiantly recommend buying this album.
1	best song of that year. waiting for the next one
1	My 3.5 year old fell in love with this song when it came on our TV's cable-channel music station.  It's now a frequent player.  He here's dozens of songs a day, but this one was a "sticky" one.
1	I fell in love with this song on "Ghost Ship."  I had to do some research to find the actual song, as it's not on the album, but I'm glad I found it.  It's so pretty, and the singer has a beautiful voice.
1	The best songs were from the 80s and this is no exception. I heard this before the whole How I Met Your Mother hype and it has always been a fun song to jam along to, especially in the car.
1	I thought it was fabulous!  I am the same age as Barbra and knew she was going to be something special the first time I heard  back when.  This is her best yet.
1	The whole album (CD, Mp3, Etc.) is awesome. Spend some jack, get a real bargain, enjoy the sounds.  Ken Ooltewah, Tennessee
1	The song is one of Roberta Flacks most memorable songs dating back to the seventies when she sang at Mr. Henry's in DC.
1	I love this song and on top of it all it was super easy to download and to listen on any device.
1	I had extremely high expectations for Mumford & Sons new album "Babel" after listening to their first release over and over.  So not too surprisingly I was a little disappointed at first.  But after a few plays through, it grew on me and, while I still believe "Sigh No More" is better album, "Babel" is still a great CD of its own right.  I'm not a professional reviewer, so I'll keep my review brief and just make a list of my favorite tracks (in no particular order).  They are mostly made up of the most up-tempo and catchy songs on the album.  My favorite tracks on Babel: -Babel -I Will Wait -Hopeless Wanderer -Broken Crown -The Boxer
1	Not as good as the first one, but sequels rarely are. It's good none the less.
1	Midwest rock band pays homage to long tradition of not-quite-live live albums. High energy songs punctuated by strong harmonies. Fun record if you like old school rock and are looking for something new.
1	This song is actually pretty clean and has a great catchy rhythm.  You may have heard it's cover in "Pitch Perfect".
1	An excellent series with a theme that really captures the feel of the series.  Definately recommend especially to lovers of the series
1	It's a fantastic mp3 that I can blast into my ears via my mp3 player=WHAT'S NOT TO LOVE?  I LOVE how easy it is to purchase great sounding mp3s through Amazon.
1	This downloaded to Amazon cloud player and I had to install the app. I don't want the app. I wanted to be able to play song thru the music player already installed on my iPad. If I'm listening to music on my iPad I won't be able to listen to this song without switching to the Amazon app. That would b a pain. I thought this was going to download to my iPad with all my other music. I haven't looked to see if there is a way to transfer it over. I honestly don't think u can. This is why I gave it a 4. The song is great!
1	It's hard to single out the best pop album that most people have never heard.  There are so many worthy candidates.  Big Star's 'Radio City' gets mentioned a lot.  T.Rex's 'Electric Warrior' comes to mind.  But the frontrunner from the '90s has got to be Mezzanine, a genre-bending goldmine that both elevated trip hop to a new level and destroyed it in the same instant.  Destroyed it for the simple reason that no one could follow this without paling in comparison.  Each track shines in turn.  Whether it's the "single", 'Teardrop', with Elizabeth Fraser's ethereal vocals, or the heavy-rock inflected 'Angel' and 'Dissolved Girl', or the epic show-stopper 'Group Four', Massive seems as a group with no limitations.  And even rap-haters can appreciate 3-D's low key, almost whispered rhymes on 'Inertia Creeps' and 'Risingson'.  I would particularly recommend this album to rock fans who have considered dipping a toe into the pool of electronic music, but weren't sure where to start.  This one is can't-miss.
1	Excellent! Excellent! Excellent! This is heaven. Though l don't speak the lang the voice moves me spiritually. I have been replaying the song since l bought it. Does he have other hymns/gospel in the same Lang? Not English please. Thank you for the heavenly song!
1	I needed to refresh myself on the lyric. I sang this song at a best friend's wedding in the 1970's. Then at his son's, and now for the daughter.  Crazy thing is, when I was younger, John Denver was a good friend. I miss him still.
1	This group, especially this album, has ruined me. I literally cannot listen to any other music for more than a couple songs before playing Babel from start to finish. These guys are in a league of their own. I'm fairly certain I will never enjoy a group's music more than I enjoy Mumford & Sons.
1	Dancing music from Flo Rida.  Has song lyrics "Right Round" taken from an older song.  So if you liek the older song, this one has a modern twist, Hip Hop.
1	Fresh worshipper leader that will help you enter into the presence of the Lord.
1	great song I've always love that song
1	I was suprised that this song was good. I wasn't expecting much from an American Idol person, but this song proved me wrong. Hopefully the rest of his music is as good as this song
1	At first I thought this was a Keith Urban but I was surprised that it was Jason Mraz, but I still love it.
1	You either get it or you don't. But if you do get it then you will love it. Unique, spacey, cosmic, trippy, technical and melodic. Overall it's a great solid album. recommended to fans of voivod, toxik, watchtower, rush, vector, atheist, cynic or any other technical/prog band
1	I thought this was annoying at first-and it is. But it's much less annoying than most kids CD's. It stand up to repeated plays.
1	We listen to many CDS for 1-3 year olds.  This is the favorite she always requests.  In fact, this is our second copy.  We try others and she dances and sings to them but requests her old favorite when painting or dancing.
1	Such a beautiful track. I come back and listen to this at least once a month.
1	David Broza is an amazing talent.  LOVED seeing him live and was thrilled to purchase this CD.
1	I purchased this CD for my wife during Christmas. She loves Jackie Evancho and since she has been playing it, I have also become a fan. Miss Evancho poses an incredible voice.
1	Best Alternative/pop-rock album of the last times. Best parallel project by Matt Berninger of The National, and Brent Knopf of Menomena.
1	My second favorite r&b album of the year, right behind "Anti" from RiRi. This was a grower at first but it's bumpin' loud around the house now. It was hard to get into the rest of the album cuz all I kept playing was "Welcome To My World"!{We In This Bitch} "Hold On"!{another great hip hop an r&b tracc for us "Best of Me" fans} an "Elevator". The rest of the album is great like "Team You"! "Coolin'! & "Smoove Jones Afta Glow Show!{Outro} but  "One Man Woman" is weak.
1	I've listened to this over and over and love it every time.  It's a wonderful song, especially for Easter.  Thanks
1	The unique voice of Bonnie Tyler combined with the emotional presentation of the song's lyrics combine to make this a timeless and classic favorite.
1	California Love the greatest song of all times why everybody goes to Cali it's mostly the west coast, as for me Florida is almost like California, I live in Orlando which is mostly part of Central Florida. Especially all parts around the sunshine state.
1	When you can listen to the whole album nonstop over and over, then you know you've got a good album.  Eisley's unique sound is so soothing, refreshing, and at the same time slightly rockin. I'd say it sounds like poppyish rock with a rhodes keyboard, with girl vocals and beautiful harmonies that will definately send a chill down your spine. Like Stacy's "ahhs" on Marvelous Things and on Plenty of Paper. And in Brightly Wound where Stacy and Sherri sing two completly different verses and melodies at the same time and in  perfect harmony. Every song has its moments of pure joy and satisfaction. It just makes you feel good.  Simply put, its just good listening. Good music for the ears.
1	Much better than I had hoped for; the basic reason I purchased two additional CD's of Joe's.  Can't Go Wrong here!
1	Fun music. Makes you feel lighthearted and free. And it was free. Music ha  a mix of jazzy, to indie to rap.
1	Awesome reminder of the love of God!
1	I haven't heard anything of his since the crossover that I didn't like. I can listen to him all day.
1	For someone who is so strongly moved by the beauty of music, its melodies and lyrics as well as its arrangements and performances, I find this CD one of the most beautiful recordings of all-time. Once again and as always, the great Nelson Riddle showed off his trademark of excellence in orchestrating and conducting a dozen of ageless standards from the Great American Songbook. This CD will take us to a musical journey as we relish the timeless beauty of this sentimental music.  With the superb instrumental skills of pianist Don Grolnick, drummer John Guerin, bassist Bob Magnusson, guitarist Bob Mann (who also played fabulously on Rod Stewart and Steve Tyrell's recordings) and the creative flair of concertmaster David Frisina, this CD offers some of the glowing moments of Ms. Ronstadt's musical career. "Lush Life," "What's New?" and "For Sentimental Reasons" are three of the greatest and most beautiful albums of standards ever recorded.  Nobody sounded more expressive than Ms. Ronstadt singing "When I Fall In Love," a song lamenting that love has ended even before it has begun. You can hear that beguiling guitar accompaniment by a fine guitarist, Bob Mann, complementing Ms. Ronstadt's exquisite voice. Likewise, nobody sounded so excruciatingly poignant with her moving rendition of "When Your Lover Has Gone."  "What lonely hours The evening shadows bring What lonely hours With memories lingering Like faded flowers Life can't mean anything . . ."  In "Skylark," the singer made a mark on this song with her heartfelt rendition as she brings new life to this Johnny Mercer/Hoagy Carmichael classic. She also left a lasting impression to one of Sinatra's signature songs "I'm A Fool To Want You," just like Ol' Blue Eyes did with his meaningful interpretation. They both did the best versions for male and female vocals, respectively.  She swings lightly on Rodgers & Hart's gem "You Took Advantage Of Me," then she takes it slower in Mills/Parish/Ellington's "Sophisticated Lady." And picks up the light swing tempo again on "Can't We Be Friends?"  "Sophisticated lady I know You miss the love you had long ago And when nobody is nigh You cry. . . you cry."  If you're a lover of standards like me and an admirer of beauty in all its forms, you should have this CD in your collection and take pleasure in listening to its endless beauty.  Here's to the magic of beautiful music!
1	I really like to listen to something other than the same tunes over and over again everywhere you go.  This is upbeat and it brings a wonderful feeling and an upbeat tune.  I enjoy listening to this over and over again.  I would love to find more of these kinds of new tunes.  New to me anyway.
1	Once again, Micheal Castaldo has brought his phenomenal talent to the forefront with his latest rendition of PRAY'R.  Micheal's rich, soulful voice always touches the heart and soul of the listener, and PRAY'R is no exception.  This song, done in both Italian and English, proves once again, that beautiful music is beautiful music in any language. Micheal's interpretation and performance of this song is extraordinary and I truly hope it receives the airplay that it so deserves.  If you haven't yet purchased PRAY'R. don't wait any longer. it's destined to be a mega-hit!
1	Great song and I'm an 80's metalhead. That's saying something.
1	I love this song.  It's exactly the same as what I had heard from the DVD.  Great quality sound. I stored the sound in my Amazon Cloud.
1	Brilliant! I have not seen the show (hope to, some day) but the music alone is phenomenonal!
1	His father is known as high caliber musician, and his son is confirming the line of great and amazing artistic work. Great Cd for music collection. R.
1	This is a great album no doubt. The call of ktulu is musically one of the best metal song I have ever heard. fade to black is an absolute classic. maybe missing a little balls though in this one.
1	I love this song. The melody and musicianship are great. I listen to this song when I lift weights and in the morning as I am getting ready for work.
1	I have this song at the head of my Classic Rock playlist. Mr. Grey had a great voice, this song has a happy/upbeat tempo and it serves as a kinda thank you for all the songs that follow: "Give me the beat boys!" Just writing this review I need to listen to this again.
1	The majestic song Dead Or Alive opens this 1981 album on which Cale is backed by Sturgis Nikides, Jim Goodwin, Peter Muny & Robert Medici. Alone worth the price of the album, this song portrays the destructive nature of the pornographic underground and is driven by the shimmering trumpet lines of John Gatchell. A live version with a significantly different feel appears on&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Comes-Alive/dp/B001IJZ188/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Comes Alive</a>.  Fighter Pilot is another frenzied track where the Bomberettes provide frisky background vocals whilst Cale's voice & viola rule on the multi-layered Wilson Joliet. Eerie & 'gothic,' Streets of Laredo is a slow brooding piece with strange percussive sound effects that wouldn't seem out-of-place in the works of Edgar Varese. Equally downtempo, Strange Times in Casablanca has surrealistic lyrics and a psychedelic texture.  The highly experimental title track is a strange atonal affair dominated by the French chant of "honi soit qui mal y pense," stabs of high-pitched backing vocals and the weird wailing of dissonant synths & guitars. Normality returns with the mournful & melodious Riverbank that reaches a crescendo before fading out on enchanting instrumentation; it recalls the gentler side of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Wrong-Way-Up/dp/B000002LNB/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Wrong Way Up</a>, Cale's 1990 collaboration with Brian Eno.  Russian Roulette rocks hard in the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Slow-Dazzle/dp/B0013N47N4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Slow Dazzle</a>&nbsp;manner and the album concludes with Magic & Lies, a striking blend of classical and rock that expires on the last gasps of shuddering drum patterns. Honi Soit is an uneven album and not amongst Cale's most accessible.
1	These remixes are SLAMMIN'! You'll dance and laugh outloud. Warning! This stuff is explicit. Headphones at work, and in public, are reccommended. Jonny McGovern is genious. The remix of Don't Fall in Love with a Homo took his already riotous, totally Barry White inspired, slow jam and made it a dance club classic. Check it out. You must.
1	I'm sure that the Tom Waits purists have a specific album or two to suggest, but this one does the trick for me.  I've been more than a casual fan since he appeared on "Fernwood Tonight" and sang "The Piano Has Been Drinking".  Tom's version of "Jersey Girl" (the original) can't be beat.  "The Heart of Saturday Night"?  Nothing really needs to be said.  If you want to try Tom Waits on for size, starting here isn't a bad idea.  Great stuff.
1	I had typed a review for another song "Jump, Shout, Boogie Medley. And that review was for both that song and this song, since I purchased both song at the same time for the same reason.
1	It's a very happy song that you can't help but put on a great big smile to while you listen.
1	I first heard this on Pandora so I quickly looked it up on Amazon and purchased it. This is a great acoustic version of Iron Bars by Stephen Marley!
1	I absolutely love this singer artist. She has quite a voice and she delivers in every song she sings. Enjoy!
1	Product delivered as described.  Ship time was expected.
1	This was one of my favorite songs from the 60's. I have been putting together a playlist of all my favorite 60's songs and this one had to be included.
1	I used to hear this song a lot on the radio the first year after it came out. It was really good, but sadly airplay seemed to be almost nonexistent since then.  I got this, because I had a $1 Amazon Mp3 credit awarded for a purchased CD. After skimming through a few other artists, I remembered this song and picked it up.  The acoustic version is clearer and sounds more energetic than the original, which is a noticeably good thing and I would recommend this track.
1	I can listen to this one over and over again.
1	I have been a fan for many years. This is a great collection. There is only one track I don't care for and I will skip over.
1	One of his best and one of the best Holy Night versions ever done!
1	Does anyone remember Larry Gowan?  Fans do.  This collection of songs spans his early career with all the best music. Gowan is a Canadian singer and songwriter.  Never one for ballads, his music is quite original and thought provoking.  This album does have a few songs that would be considered ballads.  I guess Gowan has mellowed a bit. Since 1999 Gowan is still performing.  Now with the band Styx.  Never-the-less it is his early years I remember with fondness.  This album is the best of Gowan.
1	Excellent single to celebrate the 51th anniversary of the artist that has been in the top of the charts for the last 25 years. This single keep you moving unless you are dead and didn't know it. LOL Excellent!
1	i have hundreds of Xmas,am a Dylan fan & read all the reviews here & wanted to add i love this cd.  i agree with all the details in the 5 star reviews & won't repeat them, but what stands out is the sincerity & classic feel of the arrangements here.  it is warm & glowing like a warm fireplace & Dylan's raspy voice adds the spice & crackling of the logs.  for me, this cd feels like Xmas as much as Sinatra, Manilow or Bing.  unlike other big name stars who make the obvious Xmas collection, Dylan somehow was able to create a standard that makes me want to play it over & over.  definitely a keeper, from left field to center stage.
1	I've listened to this album probably 5 times since this morning. I've been a long time Volbeat fan. These guys bring it all to the table with this album. Trust me. GET IT! NOW!
1	Great guitar and synth melds together pleasantly. Vocals are smooth and hypnotic. Overall a great album.
1	I fell in love with Ann Wilson the first time I heard Dreamboat Annie.  36 years later, Ann Wilson sounds even better.  Wether you are a Heart fan, or have never heard the group before, this is a must-have album if you love hard-driving rock and roll.
1	My little boy will listen to this song over and over.  Great way for memorizing scripture.
1	It's classic Michael Jackson!  How can you be anything less than thrilled at Thriller!  It's just a great album at a great price!  It's times less and you cannot go wrong with adding this little gem to your collection!
1	I bought this album because I like the God Bless the Child track.  I have been a fan of Joe Augustine for several years. Will buy more.
1	A fun and lovely song to sing along to.  I bought this version to play in the car for the little ones.  This is a classic must for children!
1	Could not believe there were no 5 star reviews. This is my favorite relaxation cd and I have many. Love the music that is played along with the sound of Thunder. Had this many years ago on cassette tape and although the cassette still plays,it was so nice to find on cd. Also bought a copy for my daughter,who also loves it
1	K. 482 is the most visionary, musically-expressively complex, and difficult-to-bring-off of Mozart's piano concertos, a true concerto for wind instruments, piano and orchestra. Fischer, as conductor, extracts unusually well-balanced, articulate, expressive performances from this "minor" orchestra (in itself a remarkable feat), while searching out virtually every pianistic nuance of this unique work.  Some might question whether this is "Mozart-styled" performance; no, but it should be. (I am often an admirer of "period" performance; but there is a difference between "period" and fundamentally "eternal" - forgive the old-fashioned rhetoric.) This review is based on another company's LP issue of the same 1954 performances. Fischer's unrecorded earlier performances of this concerto with Furtwangler are legends; now one can imagine why.
1	this came out in the 80's and was a record of rerecordings of their hits.  It's for completists like me.  I think the new versions are great!  But there is no cd for this one. i wish they'd put out the rest of their early stuff.  But this one will do if you want the band doing great versions of their songs.  with mark l too.
1	This is a wonderful soundtrack for a beautiful and thoughtful show.  Highly recommended that you see the show.  Currently playing in Lahaina, Maui, Hawaii.
1	I'm just starting to get interested in classical music.  This a great bargain.  I don't like all of the songs but there is a wide variety; some very familiar.  If you want a great overall selection at a great price, this is a must have.
1	It more than met my expectations. Barbra did it again.
1	I don't care what religion she is; the music is good, and I hope her publicity stunt really pays off. All those rich celebrities who are in the closet as conservatives didn't have the guts to do what she did yesterday! She is a strong, independent, fearless woman that hopefully just paved the way for more conservative celebrities to just come out already!
1	It is a great cd!  I enjoy every song. You need to be aware, though, that there are 3 songs that would not be considered "Christmas" songs.  They are amazing musicians.  Good quality sound.
1	download this but also go to you tube and watch the couple of live performances of this song. this guy has a real magic to him. his affect on the audience reminds me a lot of jim morrison. he will make eye contact with just one person and for just a moment. but you can tell that that person isn't likely to forget that moment.
1	I Love it. Thanks. The CD arrived on time and was as described
1	A great follow-up to her award winning duet with Jason Aldean and her TV show "Duets," Kelly sings with famed country artist Vince Gill to create a truly lovely song.  It's well sung and it keeps running through my head.  It's one of those "hear it one time and know you'll buy it" songs IMHO.  Enjoy!
1	The CD arrived on time and in good condition. The music is loud clear and good recording quality! I will be ordering more Dick Jonas music!
1	Beautiful music. Perfect for the holiday season!
1	I saw Paul Simon live 2 days before this album came out. Usually when you see an artist and they have new stuff, you generally don't want to hear it, you wanna hear the hits. This was a special case. He played about 5 or 6 songs from this new album and literally had the crowd begging for more. I was blown away. He talks about how he spent some time in the Amazon, going on a spiritual journey, drinking this "root tea" which turned out to be ayahuasca, and seeing spirits. For a 74 year old man, it's quite impressive and hilarious. I'm very excited to finally own this whole album.
1	great song, heard him sing it on american idol and had to have it, i like the acoustic version just as well as the other.
1	Fun, upbeat song to put you in a good mood and make you want to dance.
1	OH YES! This is one of tjose songs where if you need a little bit encouragement just pop it on and as the title says just let it go.
1	For me, all but one song made for a very good CD.  Their voices are growing in depth and enrichment.  It's different music from their first CD  Some, like my father, who loved their first CD (because it was all of the Italian favorites = and he is Italian) didn't like this second album at all.  My husband and I liked it very much!
1	The long awaited debut album from Stalley does not disappoint. Trunk rattling bass, odes to old schools and Midwest pimping at its best!
1	I bought this as I had never heard of it and being an avid theatre buff thought it would be worth a listen. I was pleasantly surprised. From the first listen I felt I could follow the story before reading the synopsis and I was humming some of the tunes. I couldn't wait to play it again.
1	I love how her music lets you create your own imaginative scenarios or remember special things.  Sometimes no words are necessary and her music allows you to go to a quiet place and not be distracted by lyrics and allows you to be with your own thoughts.
1	Pretty good album. Love the option to download and get cd for almost the same price
1	This is nice song from my days of growing up in the 70's and still is a good song.
1	As a worship leader I look forward to every new release from Chris Tomlin. Each new project will contain songs that, in time, become the cornerstones of our worship sets. I have listened to "Burning Lights" almost non-stop for the past several weeks and I believe this is one of Tomlin's strongest efforts to date. Listen to this project for a couple of days and you will not be able get the tune to "Whom Shall I Fear?" out of your head. We incorporated his rendition of "Crown Him With Many Crowns" (Majesty) on Easter Sunday morning and it was very moving. Keep em' coming Chris.
1	1. Waltz for J.D. 9:57. 2. Pretty Bossa 8:40. 3. 6/8 Thing 9:07. 4. Blue and Green 8:36. 5. This is New 6:06. 6. Fit for a Prince 7:00. 7. Alphabet City 7:56. 8. The Loop 5:48. 9. She's Leaving Home 10:02. John Bishop, drums. Jon Davis, piano. Paul Gabrielson, bass. Steve Hill, drums. Produced by Paul Gabrielson.
1	Screechy, and eerie, this song is totally transformed yet strangely familiar.
1	After watching the movie "Secretariat" this had to be a part of my playlist.
1	Yes,  music is soothing and pleadsnt
1	Album of the year! I love every song! My only complaint is that the album is too short, so quality over quantity is definitely the case here!
1	Two icons making great music together.
1	who wouldn't like JB? He's excellent- what is priceless? Amazon prime- gave a whole of his music free.
1	I love this song! I can't get it out of my head! Guaranteed you will hear this all summer long!
1	To all who have destructively criticized Jewel's latest album, 0304, take notice that ALL artists: writers, actors, musicians, painters, etc., etc, have to constantly change in order to stay afloat in an industry not noted for high survival rates. Artists like Jewel have to project different images twenty-four seven, whether it's their look and/or work. Moreover, change can sometimes be difficult to accept, but that's life. Nothing stays the same, everything changes. However, that's how the entertainment business operates too. Artists are products, pawns, of an industry that controls their every move. Just enjoy the music and have fun!
1	This might be the best product Big Bad Voodoo Daddy has ever released. Every song is fantastic. In this CD they mixed New Orleans style jazz with big band to create a fantastic set that, though it's clearly Big Bad Voodoo Daddy, gives it a fresh sound. The lyrics are creative and the instrumentals are wonderful. In addition, the duet "It Only Took A Kiss" is gorgeous. I had visions of Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers dancing during it.
1	I love folk acoustic guitar music and have listend to many artists.  Came across this song by Robin Bullock quite by accident on youtube. was completely blown away.  Listened to it about 10 times before I could walk away from my computer.  Wish Robin lived in the US so that I could have more chances of seeing him in concert.
1	I've got to admit, I've had this CD since it first came out.  I am just writing a review now, Better late than never. I give The CD is 5 stars. Yes it is a mellow CD, but it is awesome. Just like Paul Stanley's 1978 Kiss solo CD,(My personal Favorite)was the most mellow of the four, his songs I feel were the stongest. Just like that CD his Live to Win CD may be mellow but the songs, the vocals and the playing is top notch. Paul is a master Craftsman of songs. He always writes the best music, then puts his songcrafting ability to it. Definatly a 5 star CD. this is Paul Stanley at his Best. Rock on.
1	This is a great song to start off your Friday. I listen to it on the way to the office every Friday morning. Set's the day to be a positive experience no matter how your day end's. Great Song.
1	Chris Tomlin never disappoints, his worshipful heart is evident in this album. His music touches every generation, my grandchildren, my children and I, all find something to like in Burning Lights.
1	Mint Condition is an excellent group.  They sing songs that touch your heart and that you can let your parents or others listen to.  The music is wholesome and meaningful.
1	My favorite recording of my favorite classical piece.  Played by the master himself.  Its long but worth it.  Everyone should hear it at least once.
1	This is one of the best new bands out there at the moment and this album and song are a must have!
1	Beautiful song! Worship worship worship! Amen.
1	I like this song, I love that usher gave a sweet undertone to a dance type song. I like just about everything from Guetta.
1	A beautiful song, a hymn of earlier days, and who better to do it than Fernando Ortega? The one-star review really shouldn't be included as it is not a review of a song ordered on purpose, but rather an accident on someone's part. This song deserves 5 stars.
1	Meek Mill traumatized hit too close to home as I have recently lost my mother and took over her position. Polo and Shell tops also meant a lot to me.
1	I love this song, waiting for more from OAKTowns 3-5-7.  This song pumps me up everttime.  Lets do it my friends
1	Phenomenal 1974 recording on 20th Century Records from the great pianist Ahmad Jamal with the other two members of his trio, Jamil Nasser on bass and Frank Gant on drums, along with Azzedin Weston in a very prominent role on congas, and a beautiful string and horn section arranged by Richard Evans. All six selections on the album were written by Ahmad and he produced it as well. "Jamal Plays Jamal" is a CLASSIC that has yet to be officially released on cd.  It commands premium $ in the collector's market, and has been sampled over the years by many other musicians.  I remember when I had the 8-track (!) of this back in the 70's that I played to death - still have a mint condition vinyl copy (and cover) that I guard with my life. If it doesn't come out on cd soon, I will get it professionally transferred over to the cd format, which I have done with many out-of-print vinyl albums still unavailable on cd. This one is long overdue and CERTAINLY deserves it. The writing, arranging, and playing on "Jamal Plays Jamal" is superb, with Ahmad alternating between Steinway grand piano and Fender Rhodes with the marvelous background horns and strings by Evans. Two of the pieces, "Pastures" and "Death & Resurrection", are particularly sub- lime with brilliant interplay between Jamal and the orchestra. "Eclipse", "Dialogue", and "Spanish Interlude" are all stellar examples of Ahmad's exemplary composing and arranging skills, as well. My favorite piece on the album, "Swahililand", is also the longest at almost ten minutes and is an extended, magnificent opus featuring a gorgeous three minute introductory setup by Jamal on his Steinway with the background horns and strings before he kicks in with the main section on Fender Rhodes.  Weston is astounding on congas al- ternating from left channel to right.  Jamal then finishes the piece back on the Steinway after it winds down from the tour-de-force. It's the final track on the album and closes it out in fine fashion - extraordinary and fabulous work from all involved.  The whole recording is a masterpiece of writing, arranging, and playing that was beautifully recorded by engineers Tony May and Paul Serrano. I have an extensive collection of Jamal's output over the years and dearly love his early Impulse work, but "Jamal Plays Jamal" is my favorite of his. A stellar work of art that, once again, is LONG overdue for cd release. Another desert island disc.  P.S.  Had my vinyl copy of "Jamal Plays Jamal" professionally converted to cd including the front and back album cover. Sounds better than ever!
1	It is music so it is pretty much good if this is your taste  Summary: buy of simply find it on you tube
1	Musical perfection from the Foo Fighters as usual.
1	Great uplifting soul album from this Baltimore-based quartet. This is a real band using real instruments and the lead vocalist has one of the most authentic old-school type soul voices I've heard this year. These are all original songs too.  The music is very gospel influenced though far from preachy, and it is consistently good listening from start to finish. I do have favourites though, including the fantastic opener, "Never Leave You Lonely", "Hopes Too High", "Breathe Love", "Maybe I'm Not The Man", "Evil Woman" (which I'm sure uses the riff from Donny Hathaway's "Valdez In The Country", though this is not acknowledged), "They Don't Know", "Time Stops" (heartfelt balladry at its best) and the funky closer, "It Ain't Over".  This is how music is supposed to be made and why this group isn't being hailed from the rooftops, I will never know. I would never have heard of them if not for a UK-based black music monthly magazine. If you like soul like it was made back in the day, you will probably love this. Get a copy while you can.
1	R Kelly by far has left the R&B wanta be's in the dark. R Kelly has produced hits for some of the biggest names in the musinc industry. To come out with a album that totally switches up the game and provide relevance to what is needed in music today is completly mind blowing. This album is a classic and is a must for anyone who really wants to hear ( MUSIC ).  Again, go Get IT!
1	I absolutely love this song. They sound awesome together. Being a woman with a busy job and a husband with the same this song makes complete sense to me.
1	LOVE this song! It's very catchy and very cute. This whole album is such a wonderful find. My infant son and I really have enjoyed every song, but this is one of our top 3!
1	This is an absolutely wonderful CD for all ages- listening to it gave me a sense of being lighter as those stresses, that you might not realize your carrying throughout the day, just fall away leaving you with a sense of peace and serenity.
1	This is the HOTTEST song I believe I have ever heard. A must for those who collect this type music.
1	NICE! I play it when cleaning up the house! Nice blend of music! Some folks can relate to what I'm talking about. :)
1	Great Album for the Linkin Park fans.
1	One of my big draws to this movie is the soundtrack. The Main Theme is catchy and beautiful at the same time. However, as opposed to many "music only" soundtracks where the main theme is great and the rest is just background sound, the music here is strong throughout the CD (and the movie). In addition to the Main Theme, the excitement of the Brumbie chase is another personal favorite.  It's pretty simple: If you are a big fan of the movie, you'll highly enjoy this sound track. If you like great western themed or classical music and have never seen the movie, you'll also like this soundtrack.  Strongly recommended.
1	Always love to listen to Waylon and Jessi.
1	Reminiscent of Jack Nicholson's line in the 1997 film As Good as It Gets, "You make me wanna be a better man," this song embodies what a woman wants in a relationship.  From the opening notes, you'll be sucked into the melody and simple lyrics that comprise "Wanna Make You Love Me" and will be left humming the tune all day.  Although this song is not written by Gibson himself, it does expose music lovers to his rich vocals that tickle your ear drums.  Stay tuned for Gibson's next single (written by Gibson himself) "Summer Back" set to be released this month.
1	If you want a variety of Beethoven's music, this is an excellent selection. Beautiful, beautiful music. relaxing, uplifting, moving. It just doesn't get any better!
1	Top of my list. Do you like to dance, to get your groove moving. Elle King, where is she on the charts? She should be ranking up there.
1	Our first dance as husband and wife was to this song. I hope we are dancing to it for years to come.
1	Great song is time of need when you need to lifted up.  My soul do say YES to the Creator of this Universe.  Lord, I thank you and continue to bless Brian Wilson. This man can sing anything that is family oriented and church.
1	You're the one is an award winning song and just to get that song is worth the price of the album.
1	A great classic from Curtis Mayfield.  Grew up listening to his musical creations and have always been in awe. FANTASTIC
1	I LOVE LUCINDA WILLIAMS AND SHE DID NOT DISAPPOINT ME.  WEST IS ANOTHER GREAT GROUP OF SONGS!
1	Xawesomehave heard this song done a number of ways this by far is one of the best
1	What else can I say?  Another great album by a great artist.  Like another review its different than his last album but just as good all the same.  I highly recommend this album.
1	Enjoying listening to Mark Chesnutt on cassette especially Bubba Shot the Jukebox, since that is what I call my new Nissan Juke, my Jukebox.  I was ruining my CD's so I've been playing cassesttes while I wash and wax my JUKEBOX.
1	Just another one of those snappy tunes that makes me want to move. I love this tune and hope you will try it out.
1	If you are an adopted child who feels that empty space in your heart or someone who wants to understand then listen to this song.
1	I'm not sure as I can recommend this title any more than my fellow enthusiasts, but here're my thoughts.  In the trend of CD re-releases of classic Gospel "Amazing Grace, The Complete Recordings" offers more than one take on many tunes.  And that's a good thing! The best way to enjoy good Gospel more is to listen to it again. And since these are live recordings, the spirit moves and moves.  I love Aretha, especially here. Her voice and spirit soars and we are taken with them.  The Reverend moves us in the way only he can.  And let me take a moment here to offer a Hallelujah and Amen! for the 1972 Southern California Community Choir.  They are with the leader at every turn and their love for our Lord comes shining through. And that's what a good Gospel Choir is, my friends. Thank you, Lord. Praise Jesus.
1	It does not disappoint.  At all.  Not even a little bit.  I'm beginning to believe that Hozier can do no wrong. Brilliant!
1	As a wildland firefighter travailing the country, this song hits home for me and my boys.  What a great sad story.
1	This is a very nice rendition of this song. Many different versions of this song but so far this is probably my favorite version.
1	This song brings back memories of my teenage years. I love most of their music anyway. They sure can sing!
1	This CD has made it possible for me to breathe easily for the first time it years.  Kudos to Mr Fredricksen for bringing Buteyko's method to light!
1	Good song, love her voice, love the beat puts me in a good mood, I downloaded immediately after I heard the song on the radio  .
1	Getting a new album from Robin feels like a gift from God.  Every song on here is wonderful- one hauntingly beautiful song after another.  I already had "Don't Cry Alone" and bought a CD from Germany to get "Mother of Love", but had never before heard any of the others.  What a treat for every Robin Gibb and Bee Gees fan- a new album with 17 gorgeous songs!  I can't stop listening to this album, especially "Anniversary" and "Sanctuary"!
1	You know, I'm just not attuned enough to go through album by album listing the differences from original to remastered. But I will say, paying $60 (or $70 or $80) for this seven-albulm set is tremendous. I am probably like a large contingent of Springsteen fans; I became aware during the Born in the USA tour, then purchased all the previous cassettes. So, in the last 28 years, cassettes were lost and/or became obsolete. Now I am able to purchase all seven for what amounts to $8.50 each. That's a win right there.  And like a number of people, I find the first seven Springsteen to be the best, sans a couple of live albums. So, win-squared. $60 to rediscover the Bruce I first became acquainted with.
1	I love this song and this artist his voice is amazing and I always enjoy anything by him. If your wanting some praise and worship in your life this is the song for you!
1	I had most of these numbers on two cassette tapes, which eventually wore out, so I was delighted to find they'd been combined into one CD.  The quality was excellent and it was like having an old friend who'd moved away come back to the neighborhood!
1	This music and the lyrics really are enough to encourage you along the way.  But the vocal are simply amazing and makes it seem so easy.  Not everyone can do this.
1	As far as I am concerned there is no other choir that can stand up to this one.  I you have ever never heard the Star Spanged Banner sung by them it would be well worth your time to find it.  P.S. I am not a Mormon.
1	Amazing work from Alt J as always, my favorite songs on the album are Nara and every other freckle.
1	I love this album! It's my new favorite.
1	There must have been a bunch of ripe songs sitting around the basement when Juliana Hatfield showed up to help record them. Some of these are truly fantastic - my faves since the Mats. Others are not so great, but they may grow on me. (But not that one about birds.) I'm just happy Paul is digging out some gems and recording them in an inspired way. If it takes romance to make that happen, so much the better.
1	I've listened to this album since I was a kid and each time it takes me back.  Forget the ethnic theme of the album and just listen to the music.  I love that it takes ancient songs we all know and love and puts pure soul into them.  My favorite tracks are the Overture, Every Valley, Lift Up Your Heads, And He Shall Purify and of course Halleujah.  All I can say is this album is nostalgic for me and reminds me why I love Christmas and the holiday season.
1	This is a great song that effectively satirizes maudlin garbage like "The Christmas Shoes." If your fed up with a steady stream of artificial Christmas cheer, and need something different, this song might be good for you.
1	This concept and music/DVD combo's is one of the coolest things ever! The music is phenominal (who would have expected less?) and the live/acoustic and CD/DVD package is an off the charts idea. In a day and age where people frequently fail to deliver, hats off to Shinedown for coming through in a major way!
1	Heard it in a movie, and wanted it. It was hard to find online, but amazon had it for a cheap price, very happy with this track.
1	1. I Need Your Lovin 4.24  2. Drummer Beats 5.20  3. Let's Turn It Up 4.49  4. Just Feel It 5.19  5. Y.E.A.H. 5.09  6. Licensed Operator 6.24  7. Tease Me 6.14  8. Mind, Body and Soul 5.22  9. Come Back 2 Me 4.42  10. Ain't No Miss 5.02  11. Sundress 6.11  12. I Never Knew 6.12
1	Here is a Frank Sinatra single that for some reason I did not discover until a just a few years ago. Ol' Blue Eyes recorded "Can I Steal A Lilttle Love" with the Nelson Riddle Orchestra during his heyday at Capitol records. Released in January of 1957 the tune spent 19 weeks on the charts and peaked at #15. The song appeared in the largely forgotten motion picture "Rock Pretty Baby" starring Sal Mineo. This is a pretty good tune and I remain baffled why I had never heard it before.  This is the original hit recording.
1	Fascinatingly unique. Lin Manuel has created something that changed music. I can't stop listening to this album because every time I listen to it, I learn more about not only the music but about race issues and history. Cannot recommend it highly enough
1	An enjoyable mix of cuisine,  cultural mix and personal transformations. Loved it!
1	I liked this song when I first heard it on the loud speakers at the gym, while I was working out with weights.
1	Great Worship This song is everything
1	This is actually a great song. I am truly a died hard fan for K. Michelle so I do not mind keeping it real. It is about time she is singing something that is a "make up record." She has always recorded break-up records and albums, and now it is great and surprising to hear her sing something new. She is crazy, sometimes rude and take things to the extreme, but one thing that is true is that she can sing! Support real music and trust she will deliver. You don't have to like her, but you have to like her music. And I love it! She doesn't have two number one albums for no reason.
1	This song is musically beautiful, and the lyrics seem to speak to me far too often. Cyndi Lauper's voice is expressive and this song is so touching.
1	After Jim Reeves died tragically in a plane crash on July 31, 1964 at age 39, his legion of fans simply refused to let go. From that point to 1984 no less than 34 of his RCA single releases would make the Country charts, seven of them crossing over to the Billboard Pop Hot 100. Not even the late, great Hank Williams or Elvis Presley received that ultimate honour.  I can therefore well understand the difficulty faced by producer Paul Williams in putting this 20-selection compilation together under the title "The Essential Jim Reeves." To please everyone would be nigh on impossible considering the fact he had 80 Country hit singles between 1953 and 1984, 27 of which crossed over to the Hot 100, six to the Adult Contemporary charts (which didn't begin until 1961), and one to the R&B charts. Never mind the hundreds of equally-wonderful selections from his many EPs and LPs.  All in all, however, I'd say he did a fairly credible job, augmented by five pages of liner notes by Colin Escott and three more photos of Jim, including one with wife Mary at an Awards ceremony. A partial discography of the contents is also included, but without any chart details.  All but track 20 [recorded in 1958 and included on an early LP] were hits for Jim, 18 of them pop crossovers [only track 4 made only the Country list, going to # 2 early in 1959]. His version of the old standard, I Love You Because, was recorded in 1962 and was first released on the RCA Victor LP Gentleman Jim and, in 1976, became a # 54 Country hit as a single.  Note, too, that the version of Am I Losing You was the one cut in 1960 and released on RCA Victor 7800, going to # 8 Country/# 31 Hot 100 as the flipside of I Missed Me [# 3 Country/# 44 Hot 100 and not included here], The first version, done in 1957 [# 3 Country], remains a bit difficult to find.  The earliest hit represented here, and the one that leads off the disc, is Four Walls [# 1 Country for EIGHT weeks in 1957] which was his initial pop crossover [# 11]. However, this came after 13 Country hits beginning in 1953 with Mexican Joe [# 1 for NINE weeks credited to Jim Reeves And The Circle O Ranch Boys].  So I tend to agree with another reviewer who says that at least one of those should have been included in an "essential" CD. Not counting the first six, five of which were for the Abbott label and one, I Love You, a # 3 duet with Ginny Wright on the Fabor label, there were seven RCA cuts to choose from. The best of these included the afore-mentioned Am I Losing You, as well as Yonder Comes A Sucker and According To My Heart, both # 4s.  Still, it's hard to be critical of this fine effort which richly deserves every one of the maximum 5 stars.
1	This is my favorite version of Nessun Dorma bar none and I include in this, Pavrotti, Domingo, etc. Although they are supposedly more tecnically correct, I am so taken by the emotion in Boccelli's voice that there is no comparison for me.
1	have one thing to say, i love this song and listen to it every day. this song is a must have. very relaxing.
1	This is a great CD.  I saw Gloria Bills in concert in Cadiz, KY back in October.  I bought their CD and couldn't stop listening to it.  "Always Sometimes" is one of my favorite songs now.  Oh yeah, and  the sister of the lead singer works at Sonic here in Cadiz.  Funny, huh?  Mmmmmmm. cheeseburger.
1	Just about everything this man writes is better than the last.
1	Simply put. yes. Very relaxing. Encouraging. Motivating. Hope instilling. Inspiring. Reminds you of good things. Encouraging you to remember the creator's promises
1	Great album with a list of quality songs.
1	Beautiful love song. Beautiful voice. I became a Johnny Hartman fan as a result of hearing this song.
1	I still don't know what this song is about, but there's certainly some African Queen tribalism going on in the song. The tune is catchy and the lyrics are powerful. If you don't believe me, watch the video.
1	This album is DOPE. Wasn't really a fan of J. Cole until his last album, this album will have me purchasing all of his albums from now on. Excellent lyrics, Production is Outstanding. Definitely one of the years BEST Hip Hop releases.
1	One of the realest rappers in the game right now. J.Cole has never disappointed and this album is no exception. 2014 Forest Hills Dive is his best album to date and best album of 2014 for sure!
1	A beautiful song.  I created a CD to use in my work as a massage therapist, and included this song.  Lovely!
1	I listen to the mp3's for enjoyment but also for training purposes on the guitar. So it goes without saying that quality is paramount.
1	No one plays this song any better than conductor and Violinist. Andre Rieu. I first saw him on public television and was so appreciative of his playing and conduting style. He truly has feeling in each note he plays on his violin. I know you will enjoy his music!
1	Wy I like  all the CD because she was the best of the best as a wife and a mother.
1	Great song! I cry every time I hear it.
1	I just finished watching "Philadelphia". The movie-one of the most moving (and sad) movies I've ever seen. Not a dry eye in the house with this one! The song (Neil Young)- Perhaps one of the most beautiful and pensive love songs I've ever heard. I want to own that song (not necessarily the entire soundtrack).
1	First CD I've bought in a long time. Sturgill Simpson should have won a Grammy for this album in my opinion, and I'm not even that much into "country music". This guy is in a genre of his own, and it kicks a$.  Can't wait to see what he comes up with on his next album.
1	Country continues to turn out songs with lyrics that other formats just can't hope to approach. Adkins' baritone is a perfect fit for this amazing song, which is sung from the viewpoint of soldiers who lost their lives in various wars. This is a poignant and important recording, and is heartily recommended for listeners who still appreciate meaningful lyrics.
1	My son came to me one day with tears in his eyes playing this song on his phone. He said he only had one request of me, "Dad, promise me that if I should pass before you that you'll play song at my funeral." Well what could I say but, "Only if you'll do the same for me son."  Very touching day for us. Thanks Guys.
1	Good 1st LP.  Each song is good and it's quite enjoyable.
1	This CD is so relaxing when I'm drifting off to sleep.  Rain is my favorite nature sound, so you can imagine how often I use this CD.  The sound quality is exceptional. I couldn't be happier!
1	this is a beautiful album inside and out. from the moment the package arrives- it's such a beauty to behold- the packaging immediately takes you on a journey and then you put the album on and it's SUCH an awesome experience. Transporting, timeless, exciting, meditative, beautiful, just so many qualities wrapped up into a wonderful musical experience. So much to enjoy & to go back to and re discover
1	10 Years is one of my favorite bands. You can really tell they put a lot of effort into their work. While I still prefer Autumn Effect, this album is solid, but that's not surprising at all. I really don't think 10 Years is capable of producing crap. Their music and the vocals are just too good. :)
1	This song is one of those songs that you listen to when you are looking for a healing and deliverance from self.
1	This worship (my season personally) was awesome.
1	I love her music.  Its contemporary gospel and this song just touched my heart the first time I heard it on the radio.  Worth the purchase.
1	This song still holds up nearly 30 years late.  Dramatic, big hook, great sounding production.
1	Personally, I liked the original version of the song from the movie, but I LOVE this version best!
1	only has a 7 songs but i love them all he sounds just like he did when i fell in love with him on sunday's best. it's nice to hear a nice young fresh and new voice singing the word of god  they couldn't have picked a better title for the album it was well done and i have been waiting for it most of the songs he performed on sunday's best are on here  Tracklist 1.god in me- joshua puts his youth flava and some gospel hiphop singing the mary mary hit 2.we expect you- one of the songs that helped him one sunday's best 3.rain on us- josh goes off on this song you can feel every word he sings with so much power on this one 4.i'm still standing- that signature joshua rogers sound with the scats and runs :) 5. In the middle- he says before the song starts that he's about to jam and he does just that 6.peace be still- seems like youngbuck channeled kim burrell on this record i thought it was her at first lol 7.well done- The album finishes with well done *claps hands* congrats young buck for winning sunday's best and putting out ya first album can't wait to hear more and some original songs
1	It's pretty good.  Had it playing outside the front door Halloween night.  Good mood maker.
1	This item exceeded expectations! Bought as a gift for a family members for enjoyment and daily use. Recommend this item.
1	Mixing deathcore with Coheed and Cambria, Periphery may just be the next big thing in the metal world. The world of screaming mixed with clean vocals has become increasingly crowded over the past few years. The style that once saw bands ostracized from the metal world for 'not being hard enough' has finally found a niche of it's own, albeit one that is being beaten into the ground by a lot of 'me too's.  Periphery brings enough fresh ideas, along with a solid understanding of their roots, to craft an album well worth owning. While certainly not for everyone, as the screaming can get pretty brutal, the quality is high from beginning to end. If you're into the Deftones then Periphery will be right at home in your collection.
1	it was just what I wonted to the  T. the sound was great and the price was ok . wish it was buy one get one.
1	AIR return with Love 2 - their best work, in my opinion, since 1998's 'Moon Safari'. The French duo have taken a more 'experimental' approach to this album - often delving amongst walls-of-sound (Do The Joy) and synth-driven scopes (Be a Bee). Alternatively, the album offers perhaps AIR's more accessible pop-tune to date with Sing Sang Sung. With this type of contrast (notable from quite an early stage on the album) one has to expect some surprises along the way.  Do The Joy - an odd track to start the album with. Nonetheless, a good indicator of the albums flow and overall feel. The song sounds like something from 10,000 Hz Legend, with it's multi-layered synth forefront and distorted voice effects. Not the albums strongest but interesting and innovative at the very least. 7/10  Love - once again, not your typical 'second' song. It holds a sense of simplicity though, and as the song progresses it turns from a basic loop into a nice, soft-like piece with a great chord progression and melody (the glockenspiel adds an awesome feel). Sounds like something you'd hear at the end of Moon Safari - especially the later half of the piece. It wasn't my favourite at first, but after a few listens it grew on me. 7/10  So Light Is Her Football - the first song to really feature lyrical dynamics. The music sounds Pocket Symphony era, with the song being driven by piano and hovering strings. I heard (or read) somewhere that this will be the second single off the album. An odd decision I believe, but who knows - maybe it needs more listens. The song seems a little bland at some points, but holds suspense from an instrumentation point of view. 6/10  Be A Bee - definitely not a song you'd think AIR would produce. With it's western-like feel, the song sounds like something off a surfing documentary. It's fun but also lacks differentiation (on all fronts). It could have done with some structuring overhauling. Not the greatest song on the album but hey - that's something you'll probably be use to at this stage, right? 6/10  Missing The Light Of The Day - an interesting tune with some rather unique sounds. If you've ever seen AIR live you'd know what I'm talking about. They seem to produce some pretty funky patches throughout their set, and this song is a pretty good indicator of that. If you've heard any of Brian Eno's earlier albums you could make a comparison with this songs psuedo-alternatuve twist. Nothing overly exciting, but a worthwhile listen. 7/10  Tropical Disease - the albums longest tune and one of the best, in my opinion. Contrary to what I've mention so far with regards to lyrical absence, I've always been one to fancy AIR's instrumental tracks. I believe it takes a higher-level degree of musical integrity to produce a track that satisfies your audience, depending entirely on instrumentation and dynamical-presence. The song sounds like two turned into one. The first half is up beat and has a similar essence to Be a Bee. As it progresses it slows down into an ambient plateau, reminiscent of something off Talkie Walkie. 8/10  Heavens Light - definitely one of the albums standout tracks. It'd be right at home with the likes of La Femme d'Argent and Ce Matin La. Probably the albums most 'chill-out' number, with it's swirling progressions (especially towards the middle half) and heavenly vocal scene. My personal favorite and a seamlessly perfect ambient tune. 10/10  Night Hunter - another instrumental track with a great beat to it. Cross the electronica soundscapes of 10,000 Hz Legend and add the piano-driven feel of (the majority of) Pocket Symphony and you have this great combination of ambience and almost down-tempo-like rhythm. A great addition to the second half of the album and an homage to the lighter side of AIR. 9/10  Sing Sang Sung - well what can we say about this! Easily AIR's most accessible pop-song to date with an amazing effort from the boys and their female vocalist. With a musical infusion that sounds like something from a Tlpopmusik album, this number is easily one of the best on the entire album. Simple yet so effective in its delivery. There's just enough contrast between chorus, verse and so on to give the tune a refreshing feel. If you're going to get someone into this album, nay, AIR themselves, this might be a good starting point! 10/10  Eat My Beat - one of the shortest on the album. The song is a good break from the ambient/instrumental-driven latter half of the album. With it's brewing crescendos mid day through the piece, it introduces an awesome little synth melody line which is bound to engage further interest. 8/10  You Can Tell It To Everybody - an awesome chill-out track to begin the closing stage of the album. Once again, I find myself being reminded of the later half of Moon Safari with this one. `New Star In The Sky (Chanson Pour Solal)' would have this as it's little sister. Acoustic and laid-back in it's approach, this tune is a near perfect night song. With it's distorted harmonica interludes, it's bound to sooth whatever sorrow you're experiencing and take you to a calmer place. 9/10  African Velvet - whilst at first this may not seem like your average album closer, African Velvet is probably one of the most interesting tracks on the album. With it's hand-picked guitar segments, and it's front-line horn melody, it's a perfect way to close of this special album. With a smooth bass line, hinting the likes of La Femme d'Argent, Velvet will undoubtedly spark interest and keep you listening to the last note. A great way to close off Love 2. 8/10  I gave this effort from AIR four stars in the end. But I'm not ruing out a higher score. It's definitely an album that needs a few listens for it to really soak in. Not as accessible as their earlier albums, but for anyone who's been hanging for a different approach fomr these French ambient-masters, your wait is over. If I could relate it to any album previously released, I'd say 10,000 Hz Legend. On one hand this album may be sour for fans of AIR's more chill-out tunes, but on the other `Love 2' has the makings of attracting a whole new market/denomination of listeners from all corners of the music globe. Give it a go and don't give up after a few listens. it'll grow on you. Trust me!
1	Absolutely love it. One of my favorite songs at the moment.
1	I was so happy to find this song for Kindle fire. It downloaded easily into my Itunes. Absolutely love it.
1	Ramsey Lewis has been a favorite of mine for a long time. if you like jazz buy this track and sit back and enjoy
1	another one my mom got to enjoy for awhile before it was passed back to me because mom and she has now gone home herself yo heaven
1	This product is simply a recorded countdown for each 20 seconds interval of exercise and 10 seconds of rest for a total of 8 cycles.
1	I recommend this product to anyone who enjoys Barbra Streisand and the movie, The Way We Were.  I chose this because I love her voice and I like the song.
1	Nice mellow song about reminiscing about days gone by what could have been if feelings between two people had been in sync.
1	Wishbone Ash has always been a favorite of mine and these recordings are exceptional in quality
1	Mr. Sandman is one of the few songs I can sing with gusto. Of course I cange the word him to her but it works.
1	Lots of good songs to listen to and put you in a very mellow mood. The only thing I did not like was the volume on some low notes of some of the songs. It got so low at times I couldn't really make out the notes. But I liked most of the songs and the fact that Earl had several guests playing with him on some songs.  "All I Have To Do Is Dream" is a duet with Vince Gill who even sings a little, the Eagles "Hotel California" has Jake Shimabukuro on ukelele and "Blue Moon" is a duet with Bill Frisell. All well done. Really enjoyed Earls version of "Going Out Of My Head" and the old beatles song "If I Fell In Love With You".  Very listenable and very relaxing.
1	Excellent album by Christopher Cross.  I bought extra copies for friends.
1	I've chosen this song to be played at my funeral upon my passing. I love the old fashioned hymns and patriotic music.
1	Promise Made on Signal Mountain has to be one of the most beautiful songs I've ever heard.  This entire CD is so calming; I can't explain the sense of peace that comes over me when I listen to it.  If you're looking for something relaxing and uplifting, I would highly recommend it!
1	LIN-MANUAL MIRANDA IS AN OUTSTANDING COMPOSER! HE IS A REMARKABLE MAN MAKING HISTORY ON THE STAGE WITH HISTORY AS HIS INSPIRATION AND A MUSICAL FORM THAT ALLOWS MUCH INFORMATION IN THE SHORTEST TIME!
1	This song is a sure thing for when you need a "pick me up"!
1	I think its a different side of Beyonce, I feel she's confessing her love for Jay Z and how they compliment each other by saying that she's"Drunk in love", great record and very sexy video
1	One of the best compilations; a great way to meet and learn about YES. When most people think of Rock music, the general conception is that of boisterous, noisy, unruly dopes. Then groups like Yes, Pink Floyd and The Who demonstrate a mix of genuine talent and sophistication. These tunes are not only enjoyable, they also nurture one's synphonic appreciation. Thus Rock and Roll grew up to become plain Rock, which evolved to the level of Classical Masterpieces.
1	I really wish they would do more covers. This turned into an amazing project for their fans. Thank you Shinedown!
1	Here's another release from a band that had been dormant for years, so here's the verdict: Monotheist is just pure greatness. I was never a fan of the experimental side of Celtic Frost, and while there's some experimentation in here to a greater degree, it all works organically to achieve some scary results.  The album is also full of slow, crushing riffing akin to their Morbid Tales debut, which makes Monotheist one of the heaviest experiences you'll ever come across. The songs are lengthy and repetitious and that's what makes them effective. While it's hard to classify this opus, it's safe to say that it's a doom metal album. There's a lot of stuff going on, it never gets boring. Listen deep into the music and you'll find something new by each listen. Tom's vocals are harsh, brutal and mysterious, and the production is exceptional. Great comeback album, I give my respect to Frost for such a masterpiece. One of the best albums of 2006 so far!
1	I just discovered Rosi Golan.  O lucky me!  She sings songs of the heart from her heart and does so with a depth of feeling that is rare.  Such longing so beautifully expressed.  Innocent.  She uses the minor mode in a way that expresses this longing and this innocence perfectly.  With Rosi Golan there is no cynicism and she understands that love is the solution to everything, that it must be real and true love, and that such love does exist.  All the songs are wonderful but I especially recommend Come Around, Think of Me, and Yesteryear if you want to be transported to a place in the heart of real love.  Thank you Rosi
1	My favorite version of the Ave Maria!  I particularly like that there isn't a lot of vibrato.  So happy amazon has this!
1	Wow!  These guys just get better and better and they work together so very well  Beautiful Irish sound Sing on
1	Here come the Mummies are wonderful! Their music is exceptional, makes you want to get up and move. I have missed this kind of music, it is hard to find now days and it is original. The lyrics are also very original. They are funny and full of innuendo. If you ever have a chance to see them in person DO NOT pass it up!
1	Jessye Norman has a voice that is rich as the most elegant satin.  I have purchased quite a few of her pieces, why?  Because thanks to Amazon music, I can pick and choose and download the ones I want.  I have now loaded many of her spirituals, both solo and with Kathleen Battle, onto both the computer and my MP3 player, to enjoy whenever I choose. Her singing is grand, the selecton is wonderful, and the price is right.
1	NATE DOGG TOOK P-FUNK AND FUNK TO A WHOLE NEW LEVEL WITH HIS SMOOTH BLUES JAZZ VOCALS YES SIR NO MUSICIAN MAN CAN SING LIKE NATE DOGG OR EVEN COME CLOSE OR NEAR OR EVEN SIMALER
1	The title says it all, really.  I absolutely adore this song.  Listen to it on You Tube and then you'll want to buy it too!
1	The Legend is back! Best Bluegrass ever! Doyle Lawson & Quicksilver knows how Bluegrass must be performed! This Album makes fun of more from these group.
1	This song gives me so much inspiration whenever I need it. Yolanda Adams is one of the most talented and blessed gospel artist today.
1	For what it is, it is a great tune sung by a sensational band and the video by the way is a cinematic classic. Brilliant!
1	I love Hawaiian music. I used to own two Hawaiian CDs but never really liked them. This CD is incredible and I will always listen to the songs when I am on the beach.
1	The title explains the song.  It inspires a person to keep going and that they have value.  Keep it on!
1	I really like the song, but it was the Toyota commercial she was in, with the song, that had me.  This is the first Kelly Clarkson song I have bought. Look forward to trying more of her style of music. She does sing the national Anthem very well too. thanks!
1	One of my favorite contemporary Christian artists. The song and lyrics stir my spirit and uplift my soul. I always feel rejuvenated and inspired after listening.
1	Beautiful, Meaningful Song! God speaks through this song and encourages those who listen.
1	This brings me back to my younger years - my college days when LL was still my BOO:-) I've grown up since then but I still love this song.
1	I like this version of the song. It is very smooth and sweet. The harmony is gentle and its lyrics are thoughtful.
1	Nice sound but you need a very quiet environment to listening yo yo ma
1	Love casting crowns. Their songs always speak to my heart. Always uplifting. One of their best songs yet. Like to hear more
1	If your a Fratellis fan like me you will love this album.
1	Critics have called this the best soul album ever. They're right. This is the best non-greatest hits soul album one can buy. Outstanding singing, precision producing make this a can't miss album. The album looks like a  greatest hit package with "Ghetto Child," "One of a Kind  Love Affair," "How Could I Let You Get Away," "I'll be  Around" and others. The first track, "Just Can't Get You out of  My Mind" gets you going and you won't be able to turn it off.
1	Cabaret still shines well after decades.  In her day, nobody could deliver like Liza and Cabaret illustrates why.  You have to hear it again to understand.
1	Now memories run with this a night at a local hotel packed with people and trying to get a drink of course I was wearing the black dress.
1	I've seen it written that great art divides, and that is certainly the case with The Astonishing based on fan reviews all over the interwebs.  For me, this is something decidedly different for the band, yet unmistakably Dream Theater.  The shift in focus from shredding to melody, long drawn out pieces with little direction to tight well thought out pieces is very refreshing.  While its certainly a 5 star effort from the band, for my tastes its a little 'samey'.  And i completely get why, as this has been billed all along as a rock opera.  For me, this may be a top 5 effort from them. it grows on me with each listen.  Strong 4 star rating from me.
1	I love this song, and amazon makes it totally worth it because unlike stupid iTunes, you can keep downloading it to a new phone, or redownload it if your internet dies or something in the middle of the download, all for free. See iTunes, if u loose internet connection in the middle of the down load, or your power goes out, or you get a new computer you have to buy the song all over again, trust me, I experienced that huge problem with iTunes MORE THAN ONCE. Where as Amazon is awesome cause it's all on your account, so you just log in and it's there, and it shows that you payed the $1 for it so it's yours. Even if you get a new phone, or iPod, or loose internet connection or whatever. your logged it, it's your account you payed for it, its all leagle, and it's yours, for like EVER. :D In my own PERSONAL opinion I HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMEND you download songs, and buy songs from Amazon.com verses buying it on iTunes. c:
1	The greatest band no one has ever heard of has done it again. How does a band get better and better after every album is beyond me. Happy to call them my favorite band with one of the greatest song writers ever.
1	Very well put together list of classical music that relaxes you. I would definately recommend this to anyone (even if they aren't a big fan of Classical music).
1	I am glad I purchased this selection due the fact that I have been searching for this song and the artist.  Amazon tries to provide this and does such a great job.  Thanks
1	When I bought this CD, I didn't know what tracks were on it. So I'm listing the tracks. This is a live album, but don't know if it's recorded at once, since it stops between tracks.  CD1 1 Foxey Lady 4:50 2 I Don't Live Today 5:29 3 Red House 10:49 4 Spanish Castle Magic 11:26 5 Star-Spangled Banner 2:23 6 The Wind Cries Mary 3:41 7 Burning Of The Midnight Lamp 3:48 8 Fire 2:47  CD2 1 Purple Haze 5:51 2 Voodoo Child (A Slight Return) 9:15 3 Sunshine Of Your Love 4:14 4 Voodoo Child (Reprise) 3:23 5 Catfish Blues 7:43 6 Killing Floor 5:07 7 Can You Please Crawl Out Your Window 3:02 8 Hey Joe 6:12  The CD has no booklet, so there's no information about when or where this live album was recorded. I'm not a die-hard Hendrix fan so I wouldn't know if these were previously released or not, by just listening to them. The quality of the music does sound a little bit unusual, like if I was listening to a cassette that's been played too much, not your usual CD clarity. But maybe this is common of live recordings, I don't know, or if the music is bootleg or whatever. Or maybe it's my CD player's fault. But I bought this CD at 1 cent price, so overall I'm pleased with this purchase because Jimi Hendrix is a good artist.
1	Love this CD. A great mix of fun and serious ballads.
1	I love this CD. every single song. It is one of my all time favorites. I feel like a couple of the songs are straight out of my life. Highly recommend!
1	This is one of my favorite songs. It is catchy, both lyrically and musically. I consider it to be one of my most favorite songs, but I am biased that way.
1	I absolutely love this song. Back in the day when I was a little girl, I would hear my grandparents playing the song because it would come on the radio which now makes me feel old but I'm only 38. I love older songs and this is one of many that Emmylou Harris wrote that is still popular to this day.
1	Emmylou's voice is as good as it gets here, and I was amazed at the synergy between her and Rodney.  These duets could not be better. this album is stellar.
1	An awesome pure worship experience that you will want to experience over and over again and never get tired of listening to!
1	This album is definitely worth buying! Wonderful songs from start to finish, no skipping necessary. Amanda Shires' fiddling skills, creative lyrics, and sweet voice will have you listening to this album on repeat.
1	I am so in love with this song. Clay's vocals surpass in this beautifully written song. If you have not bought it yet, go buy it. You will love it also!
1	There really is two separate things to consider in reviewing this song.  First, there is the music: the song is fairly simply, yet builds in a mid-80's era Bob Dylan style.  Nothing spectacular but that really isn't the point of the song.  The production is clean, with all instruments clear yet allowing the focus to remain on the vocals, exactly where is should be.  The primary focus of the song is in the lyrics.  Wainwright paints a verbal picture of life on the road, and the desperate loneliness that walks hand in hand with it.  While the lyrics bring other groupie songs to mind, such as "What's Your Name", what really separates this is the lack of glamor in the road lifestyle and how the day after day life in motel rooms can drive a musician to despair.  I think that at the beginning of the song, it is easy to dismiss it as another getting laid song, but on a closer listen you can hear the effect that road life has on him, and how he is willing to say or do anything to not have to spend another night alone.  Really an accurate view of what the road can do to you, bringing to mind other real road classics such as "Turn the Page" and "Faithfully", but from an entirely different perspective.  Worth the download, but you have to listen to it a few times to really get it.
1	I heard this song on the radio and loved it. It really makes you think if Jesus was never born we would not have Christmas. Jesus is the reason for the season and this song reminds us all of that.
1	Her voice is awesome.  She could sing the worst song ever, and make it sound like silk!
1	Love it. hate it. It's going to live on as one of the greatest albums of all time. Forever remembered as the band that made the majority of people remember what good rock music was, (some of us knew. it was called the underground scenes) I mean lets face it, if anyone remembers 1991 (and i don't mean being 8) you know that Smells like teen spirit blew EVERYONE away. Mainstream rock wasn't supposed to be THAT good. not at that time anyways.  It changed the mainstream. for the better? I dunno, . basically "hmmm, i wonder what they'll like next" Remember the spin doctors? Bush? Yea.   As far as the underground goes. I've never read any underground legends say anything bad about Nirvana. Biafra, Rollins, Joey Ramone, Iggy. heck Iggy used to go to nirvana shows and go insane. If anything Ive heard all of them say how much they were flattered about being inspirations to Nirvanas music. Yea, even Jello. Bottom line is this: They put out 3 lps, 1 b-side LP, A acoustic album that blew everyone away a 2nd time. and basically had EVERYONE talking. Acts like Korn, System of a down, Tool, Manson, Blink, where are they gonna be in 10 years. more importantly how are they gonna be REMEMBERED? I have no idea, but i know how Nirvana is going to be remembered for the next BILLION. This album is the reason why. Nevermind.
1	This is ideal music for easy listening.  It plays well as background, or for intent listening.  Eleanor McCain has a beautiful voice that she employs well.  Her songs are well-chosen & have depth & meaning.  Fortunately, she doesn't try to showcase her entire range in each song, like some other talented singers such as Celine Dion, Whitney Houston & Mariah Carey.  This makes Eleanor far more pallitable for extended listening.  She outshines almost all other female vocalists.  Her CD's are hard to find, so if you see one, buy it.  You won't regret it!  I would love to see more from this artist, including original works!
1	Beautifull rendition of this song.  Soul and feeling from this talented young lady. A bit slower than the original which showcases Jena's beautiful voice.
1	This album is amazing. I have been a tough sell lately on new music - especially on first listen throughs. but I was instantly hooked. If you like Zaba, you'll like this. It's different, but in a good way.
1	Brandi is one of my all time favorite artists and this album does not disappoint. I definitely recommend it to anyone who loves great music.
1	This cd will have you moving to beats.  All of the songs are great and the production is top quality!
1	Recording quality isn't that great.
1	Like most people, I only buy songs I've already heard and liked, so. yeah, I think it is good.
1	This is a very good album.  Saw him perform some of these songs at Sacramento, Ca in 1971.
1	The Band Perry is amazing and I think this is their best song yet. followed closely by Hip to my heart!  Listen to this song once and you are hooked!
1	Thank you, Maurice White, for sharing your great talent with the world. You will live on through this incredible tune.
1	Love the music! Great interesting, sounds well
1	Very Smooth! Keep the music going brother, don't sellout to the Usher, RKelleys R&B of mainstream etc. stay pure.
1	Another get out of your seat raise your hands and praise God song. This song touches the heart and the spirit
1	If you are reading this review, then you must've been born recently, or stuck in some other time space continuum.  I purchased this tape years ago when Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth were new artists, and this song/album still "bangs" now like it did then.  I'm just updating to digital.
1	For most of us who are familiar with Bob Baldwin's body of work, the latest release - All in a Day's Work, is simply brilliant.  The opening song - A New York Minute is mesmerizing and the title track is classic Baldwin.  If you have BobBaldwin.com, try playing Funkin for Jamaica and then Can You Feel It, from the latest release.  Both are vocalized by Tonni Smith.  For anyone in doubt, please - you are invited to go back and give Brazil Chill another listen.  You'll be glad you did, that's all I have to say.  Brazil Chill is just as brilliant as the others. I am building up my collection of Baldwin CD's until have as many as I can get.  If you've never seen Bob Baldwin perform - this is the icing on the cake.  I can attest to that! He is a true professional, a skilled artist and band leader and fantastic performer!
1	Ignoring her ridiculous behavior and wardrobe, this song is not only catchy, but powerful and sang really well. I absolutely love it and can listen to it over and over. Excited for the full album!
1	Great album! They have such wonderful voices. I wish I could sing like that.
1	Timeless lyrics and music for anyone who has Loved and Lost. basically, all of us just about.
1	It is always disappointing hearing people saying, "I wanted 'Pretty Hate Machine - Part II'", and the such.  Anybody who has followed Trent Reznor's music career should know to expect something different with everything he releases.  You will never get a 'Part II' to any NIN album, because, from the beginning, Trent Reznor set out to do one thing: innovate.  Rehashing old albums would be counter intuitive to his innovative nature.  "Ghosts", however, pushing Trent Reznor to his creative edge.  The mission: to create an instrumental soundscape, rather than an album reliant on verse-chorus-bridge structure.  The mission was, indeed, successful.  "Ghosts" presents beautiful piano passages, soothing swarms of saturated noise, and harsh, electronic beats.  A perfect recipe to form the soundtrack to daydreams, which is how he describes "Ghosts".  The songs are, to their core, Trent Reznor, without rehashing, recycling, or regurgitating his past efforts, making this album a true step forward in the NIN legacy.
1	Very happy with our purchase and delivery.
1	How could you go wrong with live Zepp at any price!
1	Possibly the best soundtrack ever to this genre and kind of movie.  This soundtrack is a perfect example of how important music is to the overall feeling of a movie.  Nothing fancy. Just simple organic fiddle and guitar along with Tim McIntire's great voice fits perfectly with the time period.  A perfect example of how less can be far more effective.
1	Love this album. One of his best. If you like this one you will love&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Self-Made/dp/B0014567MK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Self Made</a>from his homie Mike Jones
1	One of the best sweet romantic songs of all-time I think, true love waits and true love never grows old or gives up and grows sweeter over time
1	Al Stewart did some good work, only a few songs had airplay. Peter White was the guitarist. A must for any 70s-80s playlist.
1	This a great CD by two great artist.  It is pure country, both vocals and the music are outstanding.
1	Man I wish I was on the USS MISSOURI when Cher was there getting her sing on
1	One of my sons really wanted this song and thinks it's 5 stars for sure!
1	This second single from the new album "Rise" (releasing June 25) is more of a power ballad.  John Cooper's strained voice shows more here than on most of their rock songs, but it is still a good song with a great message, of letting love cut through the noise of our culture.  If you are familiar with Skillet, think along the lines of Lucy (although American Noise is not a story song).  If you are not familiar with the band, just think of a regular power ballad from a good 80's rock band.
1	This is without a doubt one of the classiest, most beautiful CD's I have in my collection. Buy it without hesitation. Indescribably beautiful, intelligent, warm and well produced.
1	I'll make this brief as usual. Tha Animatrix DVD is what turned me onto Anime, it's also a slight bit disturbing, but you know as well as I do that us 21st Century Humans need to be disturbed once in a while. I always loved the music from the DVD, so decided, why not get the soundtrack? And I did. What I didn't expect is that the soundtrack is better than the movie (in musical terms). There's only one track on this cd that I don't like, and that's saying a lot. It's an interesting journey. through a synthetic world, via trance and techno beats. Check it out, you won't be disappointed.
1	I love this song.  Anything featuring David Byrne is going to be brilliant, never heard of this band/group before.
1	Was a gift for a friend  a and he loves it
1	Wonderful contemporary arrangements by Gary Bonner of these wonderful old standby hymns!
1	My mom loves this CD. I made her day.
1	So VERY good. He's my favorite singer. Wish I didn't have to wait for the entire album to come out in April
1	What can I say? The world is just NOT ready for this musical genius who goes hard at making his music solid, original and unique. I have been a fan since day one when I heard "Addiction" on the radio following "Diamond Girl". Then, I was too outdone when I learned he produced Cassie's "Me & You", Cherri Dennis's hit "I Love You". Finally, he put out his first self-titled album "Ryan Leslie" that should've went platinum. There were some major hits on that album that I am very upset as a fan didn't get the recognition it desereved. But, the world just wasn't ready! Now, my fav underated artist/producer is back with his second album "Transition" and I must say it is a transition from his first one. On this album Ryan is more laid back and taking things slow. I am in love with the infectious "Sunday Night". I am also glad he put awesome "Resuce You" (which is only on the bonus CD). "Your Not My Girl" is a funky moderate track that takes you back to the ol'skool."Zodiac" is another groovy track. Overall, this album it totally different than the first one. But, as a loyal fan I'm gonna say get the album anyway and support this talented man! Next Selection!
1	Almost as good as Liza. My 2nd favorite dance version of this song. or at least upbeat tempo. Highly recommend,
1	All of Phyllis Hyman's songs made me cry. Even this one. Beautifully sung.   www.k-mille.net
1	Liz has had a rough couple of years. With that being said, she has come out the other side stronger than ever. With more of a blues/rock sound and hard living lyrics "Exodus of Venus" is her best work to date.
1	Who can explain God's love? Well, Hallorin does a great job. This song touches my soul and brings tears to my eyes every time I listen to it. Although we mess up, God cleans us up and restores us. His love is not of this world. Hallelujah!
1	OMG i have two copies of this album. too bad its still not on CD but its my  3rd favorite cher album. stars being my favorite. get your copy BEFORE its too late and it truly is more rare then it already is NOW. My favorite songs are Long distance love affair, (the only single) I'd rather believe in you, and It's A Cryin' Shame! I believe this album is HIGHLY underrated and deserves more credit!
1	It's been a while since i've really listened to Tegan and Sara, but when in heard "I Couldn't Be Your Friend" I immediately had to buy the album. I'm so glad I did because I had forgotten how much I loved them! I love this album - it's a bit different than what their old stuff was like, but it's still awesome!
1	this is an awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to the best songs on this soundtrack are all of them. if you have not listened to this soundtrack then i recommend you do
1	One of the most overlooked albums in it's respective genre in the last 10 years
1	Cripple Creek by Harvey Reid is sensational the things he does with a six string banjo make you want to get up and dance. Keltic flavor to his music which only make it more appealing.
1	very good quality, price & delivery, well done!
1	Ballet Teachers and their students will love this song.  Basic dance vocabulary and movements are suggested along with tutus and tiaras.  A remarkable resource for ballet teachers.
1	ALWAYS LOVE JOSH GROBAN. in perfect condition!
1	What a great song. The fact that my daughter loves it as much as I do is a bonus. The fact that it brought such a wonderful compliment to such a really well done and modern Curious George is pure greatness!
1	He's sings about the  love he has for Jesus! I have always loved his m music. I love this CD!
1	I had a favorite album back in high school entitled "The Rock Album". Can't seem to locate it anywhere. But here, on Amazon, I can piece the album together using iTunes! Voila!
1	Old school music.  The best from Puerto Rico. Isla del encanto. Bonita perla bonito san juan buenos recuerdos del pasado
1	"Can You Wait", love this song.  Have been waiting on this CD to come out for a long time.  Worth the wait.
1	Older Style Music, Which I Like Better.
1	Just amazing after all these years. I have petitioned James Taylor to put out a DVD of the current tour since they are not coming anywhere near Southern California. But, these tracks are all wonderful and the accompanying DVD is a wonder and joy to behold. Don't doubt it, if you like James Taylor, get this one.  Hurry!
1	I'V BEEN COLLECTING MUCIC FOR OVER 53 YEARS AND LET ME TELL YOU THAT THIS 2 CD "SUPER ROCKS". THIS IS ONE CD I'M PROUD TO HAVE IN MY COLLECTION!
1	Amazon makes purchasing songs really easy and is unmatched in quality when it comes to the ease of purchases and the quality of it all.
1	This music reminds me of the early albums of Gary Numan, mostly because of the instrumentation used. I like the science fiction themes and Robby Garner's vocals. Prodigy 7 has become one of my favorites, and I really like Control.
1	I have also been waiting for this cd for about 3 years now, and now that it is finally out. the anticipation is deffinatly worth it.  I love this cd, it is just as amazing as I had expected. it is awsome. It is good no matter what type of music you usually listen to. It is a combinaiton or hip hop, and metal. it is an awsome combination. It is funny, adn serious. so nomatter wht your mood is you will enjoy it. I think that this cd has just made my month. I got it the day it came out, and wouldnt have it any other way.  GO PICK IT UP! NOW!
1	I found this binaural suggestion online and have been able to get to sleep much more easilywith this in the background.
1	Amazing Album Been with J. Cole since the warm-up, good to see he still keeps it real.
1	Love this CD! The message is great and the music makes you want to dance! This particular song (Beautiful) is a song every person, especially young women, should hear AND heed.
1	excelent damn donna u did it again u came through with a very empowering and inspirational song without being cheesy or to religious something i needed at this point in my life THANK YOU i love you a life long fan
1	Anything that Patti LaBelle sings can't be bad!  I loved this song when she and Michael McDonald first recorded it, on separate coasts, and I still love it! Wonderful album! MaryG
1	It's a very fun song that encourages you to keep your head up and enjoy life. You'll turn out fine. :)
1	Beautiful, haunting and takes me back in time. Ani Williams is the best when it comes to doing her version of Egyptian music. Her music just feels right
1	I wanted more of their debut album and got it.  Oh, of course it's not just rehash, but it's more of -and improvements on- their excellent sound, voice, beat, lyrics.  Loved it upon first listen.
1	Tennessee-born Chester Burton Atkins (6/20/24 - 6/30/01) was co-creator with Owen Bradley of the Nashville Sound. He produced records for Elvis, the Everly Brothers and so many others, but Chet's true genuis lay in his virtuoso guitar playing. This pioneer in multitrack recording won fourteen Grammys and was Instrumentalist of the Year nine times. He's a member of the Rock and Roll, Country Music and Musicians Halls of Fame.  RCA VICTOR's 1964 LP entitled THE BEST OF CHET ATKINS was issued in both mono (LPM 2887) and simulated stereo (LSP-2887e). Three here are *Chet originals, while * two were co-written with Boudleaux Bryant. There are no charting singles on this album.  SIDE ONE [2:56] Jitterbug Waltz [2:27] Peanut Vendor [2:27] Django's Castle (Manoir de Mes Rves) [2:15] * Blue Ocean Echo [2:01] *Yankee Doodle Dixie [2:30] Swedish Rhapsody  SIDE TWO [3:57] Vanessa [2:15] *Trambone [2:45] Malaguea [2:21] Meet Mister Callaghan [2:15] *Main Street Breakdown [1:53] * Country Gentleman  TOTAL TIME: 30:02
1	A very soulful John Anderson song.  Fantastic download. Cloud is so nice for all my music. Thanks Amazon for providing such a great service and great selections of music.
1	If this was all you got for Prime it would be worth it. Amazon, I love you!
1	My dad really loves these guys and he was going crazy over this song so I decided to get it for him.
1	Catchy tune written by an old pro with many good songs under his belt.  I think it reflects on a career in a very messed up industry.
1	Saw the video for this song back when MTV was MTV. Loved the funky vibe, makes you want to put on a hat and dance on a theater stage (it does for me!). :-)
1	When I first heard this song I thought for sure that it was an old school throwback. Robin Thicke, Pharrell and T.I. definitly hit the nail on the head with one. It reminded me of something you'd hear from Earth, Wind and Fire. I hope these three collaborate again.
1	Love it, love it, and really really love it!  Yeah a 40 something year old likes Ke$ha -  part of me is embarrassed, and part of me is psyched!  Ke$ha is awesome!
1	Good quality sound and it was the original.  Enjoyed listening to this - took me back a few years when I heard it on the radio.
1	It's not the original version, but he gets close to it.  I had heard this song back in 1993 and was very moved by the lyrics. I inquired at several record stores and could never find out who song it.  I finally was able to google it (2010) and found the exact song by Eddy Grant.  The song speaks about the political and ethnic treatment of people of color.  Great song and powerful message, a must listen for the cultural sensitive person.
1	Purchased for my 7-year-old niece's MP3 player this past Christmas.  Clear download, nice song, decent price, no problems completing transaction.
1	How can you go wrong with music by Earth Wind & Fire. This phenomenal band has a unique sound that makes everyone - young and old - get up a move.
1	Strangely oriental but totally captivating with those five notes in the opening. Absolutely love this one. Keep it up Tom Rhett!
1	I like music and I find certain songs that are inspiring and energizing.  I have picked certain songs from different albums that I use to worship the Lord and uplift me through the day
1	I decided to buy this mp3 download after hearing "Too Close" on different commercials and researching Alex Clare.  He's an interesting person with a unique, soulful voice and I figured that this album would not disappoint.  This has been one of the best albums that I've ever purchased to date.  Every song is different but exceptional too, especially "Hands Are Clever."  "Hummingbird" uses a heart-beat like base for the rhythm of the song and pairs this beat with a pop-like upbeat chorus, whereas "Up All Night" is a rock anthem to evening activities.  There's something no this album/CD for every individual and if you purchase this download at $5.99 (which is a STEAL), you will not be disappointed.  I promise.
1	Good oldie classic rock song from the 80s
1	Little and Ashley harmonize very well in this recording. The lyrics bring visions of a beautiful winter night outdoors with a smattering of bells. Who doesn't like sleigh bells? I like it!
1	Billy Squier was as good as anybody back in the day, was nice just to purchase the songs I wanted.
1	Love this song. it's truly magic!  My fave Coldplay song in a while.  Looking forward to the rest of the album.
1	Thank you Belinda for recording this song!  It is fun upbeat and showcases Belinda's vocal talent.  Just downloaded yesterday and have listened to the song about 20 times.  Makes you feel good and it is so wonderful to have Belinda put out another great pop hit!  A+
1	I don'tknow why, but I love this song.
1	I use to play this over & over again when I was in college.  I so loved this song.
1	Leon cuts up, adding his own flair to some classic Hank Williams country tunes.  The version on here of Tumblin' Tumbleweeds alone is worth the price of the album.  Also, you get to hear his more "straight up" distinctive voice singing rather than the really gravelly, stylized singing style on many of his recordings (not that there's anything wrong with that!) It's just a refreshing change for his fans.
1	OreSkaBand is a great third wave ska band.  Unlike most third wave ska bands, they have a clear clean sound.  They do not blend in other styles of music like punk or metal.  This is not similar to early ska or the Two-Tone Era ska.  It is too peppy and energetic.  This album is good clean fun.  I cannot tell you what the songs are about because I speak no Japanese.  There is only one song completely in English.  Most songs are in Japanese with a couple of lines in English and a title in English.  The only downside is that the album is only 22 minutes long.
1	Good quality but you have to download amazing music to have to song  in you phone
1	Good music throughout. Always favor original songs. Mixes up tempos/styles- appeals to all ages. She is a really good singer. Glad to see her doing so well and overcoming a rough time with positive forward sailing.
1	I don't know why this song wasn't a bigger hit. It has always been one of my favorites. It's very evocative.
1	I love this song. It fits the movie.
1	What an awesome collection of relevant artists on this CD.  Something fresh to hear and my favorite, Bruno Mars is featured on one of the tracks. If you don't want to buy it to support the producer & artists by making the purchase at least take a few minutes to listen to the samples. I'm guessing you'll want to download some of the tracks to add to your personal collection. many of them are that good.
1	The presentation of this well-know musical piece is superbly performed by the London Philharmonic Orchestra.  If you haven't listened to it in a while, I strongly suggest that you revisit it.  You won't be disappointed.
1	Great song, great copy, sounds great.  I will be downloading a lot more songs from Amazon very soon.  Loved it!
1	Beautifully sung by Howard Shore! A great buy.
1	This music relaxes and soothes. I'm anxiously awaiting the next Damien Escobar cd.
1	Michael John Poirier has a soothing voice that matches his sublime lyrics. I love two songs on this album especially: "Forgiven" and "The Maiden and the Messenger". "Forgiven" is a beautiful duet between Michael John and a young girl who has an angelic voice. I actually may have been one of the first people to ever hear "The Maiden and the Messenger". Michael John played it for me in a chapel after he wrote it, asking what I thought of the song. I loved it the first time I heard it and have loved it ever since. The refrain is something that will stay with you always if you hear it. I still find myself singing that refrain in the back of my head. The album is worth it for just these two songs. The art on the cover reflects the blood and water that flowed from the heart of Christ- drawn by a mutual friend.
1	LOVE slipknot's new album, I'm a huge fan aka maggot, highly recommend to all the maggots out there
1	Some good music from the past that gets only light current radio play (I haven't heard the Knack since they burned brightly and faded just as quickly).  And most of these won't get much play 30 years from now so owning this set is an affordable way to get 25 chart-quality songs not heard much today.
1	I like this album it's great.  I'm 10 years old and I love this album.  All of the beats are really great and the lyrics are really great and 50 cents is a really good rappper and I just love this cd cause it's so good.  This is what rap music is all about, really good beats and really good lyrics and really good rapping.  50 cents is the best rapper ever, I listen to this cd every day after school while I'm eating my snack pack and watching Sister Sister on the WB.  It's good my mom bought it for me for my birthday along with Justin Timberlake's new cd.  That's great too I love both cd's but 50 cents is especially good.
1	This is a great song. Worth having in your collection. fast and Easy download. Able to sample before you buy. I love this about amazon
1	This is absolutely beautiful - especially by harp music.
1	If you like Chicago & like Christmas music, this is the CD for you.
1	beautiful. great acoustics. great ballad
1	Just what I needed to get into the spirit of the holiday. Absolutely love it. So nice and mellow. Highly recommended.
1	i'll start off by saying that i'm one of those "completist" types. i have to own everything by maybe a certain band, or person. i mention this because a man named john dwyer is a principal member of YIKES!, as well as at least 8 other bands. i own everything he's done, and i have to admit, this particular album gets the most play. you'll know dwyer from his raunchy days of "coachwhips" fame. he did YIKES! right after coachwhips, and it shows. it's extremely thick, reverb-soaked screaming madness- but the catch is that it's much slower. it's not psychobilly or punk, but extremely loud, thick, HEAVY drug-induced BLUES type stuff, with dwyer's indiscernible voice wailing over every note. do yourself a serious favor and pick up both YIKES! albums right now. they're quite short, but they pack one of the most memorable punches that a genre could possibly offer.
1	Andy Williams singing has always been of the highest quality and his backup arrangements some of the finest. This is a great song for lovers.
1	I was at these shows. To have a physical piece of history that I was apart of is priceless. Y &T never fails to put on a phenomenal show. They sound as good today as when I saw them in '85.
1	have always loved this song- more the music than the words. It seems to be the only one by Gotye that I like though.
1	I just love it.  The music is will done.
1	I have enjoyed buying music for my kindle because I have found all my oldies but goodies. Sound quality is excellent.
1	I Love this Tune, Its my fav dance tune off all time, this tune should always be remebered and should be loved forever
1	I love anything Royalty Free.  This album has everything in 30 sec, 60 sec, and full tracks.  These tracks range from movie tracks to high energy rock.  With this album you get over 50 tracks.  I will use this high quality music and in my independent film projects.
1	Excellent to listen and relax or utilize for meditation into the salvation of Christ for us all. Helps you with your time speaking to God one on one. Perfect for Catholics or any other followers of Jesus.
1	I recently went on a tour of Hearst Castle in central California.  There is a grand dining room where invited Hollywood celebrities and others dined in the 1930's - 1950's.  Our tour guide told us that he liked Tumbling Tumbleweed so much that he would have the band in the grand dining room play this song, Tumbling Tumbleweed, over and over! -
1	This is a very pleasant disc to listen to.  Excellent arrangements of many standards, each with an excellent combination of voices.  Well worhgt adding to your collection.
1	What a voice, don't really have to say any more.
1	We all listen to different music (classical, country, heavy metal, blues, rap, pop, folk.) so it's rare when we like the same band. This is the band. This is album is wonderful. Not a stinker in the lot =)
1	This is some great playing here. The tone and rhythms are perfect. This is excellent to study along with the actual 32 Etudes. I'm giving it a 4 star because I don't like how he interprets some of the music. I know this music is difficult and there are many ways to interpret it. however, some parts just have to sound right
1	Honestly, I was never a huge fan of this song, the guys voice always seemed kind of whiney to me, but recently my husband mentioned that he loves this song, one of his favorites, he thinks it's really romantic etc. . . . Not the kind of thing you might hear very often from my hubby so I decided to buy a good copy of it and surprise him with a mix CD for Valentine's day. I've always known the lyrics were romantic, but they have more meaning for me now. Also, this digitally remastered version is way better than the other cheaper versions. His voice doesn't bother me now. Just goes to show how important recording quality really is.
1	Ahhh! That sweet voice of Anne Murray, this lady pours her heart in to all of her songs , an extremely pleasing voice for your listening Pleasure, buy it youll be glad you did.
1	I Love This Song.  I Sing It All Day Every Dayyy!
1	Wonderful CD! One of Brandi's best. Highlights are The Eye and Wherever is your Heart
1	Use to deliver morning newspaper listening to this on tape.
1	Both songs featured on this one were very good. The instrumental versions were nice addition as well. The last track is a talk segment, which is why this is 4 stars.
1	Love D'Angelo and this song. This one of those songs you can enjoy anywhere, sitting with your special someone thinking this is about us or sitting on the porch with a cool drink just enjoying its melody, doesn't matter its just a great song. D' Angelo's style of music is so refreshing because we hear so much crap on the radio now that hearing a truly talented person make just a beautiful laid back song that anyone from any generation can enjoy makes me happy. five stars from me.
1	A perfect guide for a lasting relationship.  Instructions on how to make a marriage be happy for 75 years and more.
1	This is a awesome CD. Full of cruchy guitars, dual solos, thumping bass and pounding drums. Everything tou would expect from Stryper and more!
1	My first exposure to this song was in a Disney Cartoon. Back when MTV played music, my parents purchased DTV videos on laser disc that had pop music set to Disney animation. This was my favorite one of them all. I still love this song. For me it is both nostalgic and upbeat.
1	replacing old LP and cassette music with MP3 or CD.  I like the MP3 option since many CDs (albums) only contain a couple keepworthy songs.
1	Good sound quality and memories! Love Journey songs.
1	This song is the reason that we, In the US, know who Adele is. Great lyrics, great music, great Adele.
1	GREAT CD and great series.  I own all of them. Steve Boalt
1	I hated their voice at first, and I hated the lyrics. But I listened to the whole thing twice, and it actually is kinda catchy. But everyone is different. For example my sister leaves the room when this song comes on so it really just depends on how the music rings inside your ears.
1	Help is another great album recorded by the Beatles. Few other artists had their rate of consistency. Songs like Help, The Night Before, Ticket To Ride, and Tell Me What You See are true true Rock songs. Act Naturally is  almost country. You've Got To Hide Your Love Away, It's Only Love and I've  Just Seen A Face are very much like folk songs. Yesterday and I Need You  are classic ballads. No less essential than any of the other Beatles  albums. Buy it.
1	I really liked this album when it first came out.  One of the songs was even featured on "Starsky and Hutch".  "Don't give up on us baby" was a great go to song for couples and I really liked the rest of the songs as they have a nice layed back feel to them and a sort of Southern flavor or New Orleans flavor.  It's hard to explain.  Each song can hold it's own.  Even though David Soul is best known as an Actor/Director he did a great job with "Playing to an Audience of One".  I don't believe you will be disappointed with this selection.
1	Excellent recording. I cannot stop listening to this. Once I bought this, i got all the other masters in this series as well.
1	Elizabeth Powell's vivid lyrics float over melodic, garage rock with her hauntingly beautiful voice. The title track, "Some Are Lakes," is the strongest with its narrative of lost young love. The band's next album, Cloak and Cipher is even better.
1	This review is for the vinyl LP version.  Definitely not disappointed with this pressing, first off it is heavy,it feels even heavier than 180 grams. The mastering also seems pretty good, drums are tight and highs are bright, the saxophone especially shines. The stereophonics are just as good and the sound stage feels quite broad even with my closed back headphones. My favorite part about this gatefold is that while all the songs could have likely been compressed onto one LP, they weren't. This leaves a good third or so empty space on each side, which really minimizes inner-groove distortion. On my setup the last song "Louder than Words" (the only with vocals) there did seem to be a bit of sibilance but that fault may lie with my cartridge alignment.  As far as the actual music, I've only listened through it once so far, spoiler alert: the first vocals are a Stephen Hawking solo on the track "Talkin' Hawkin'" about 2/3rds of the way through. The energy throughout is very calm and soothing, there are no power rifts like are present in Momentary Lapse, this is more like Obscured by Clouds.  There's really nothing on this album that would be suited towards being played on the radio, and that is because it's one of those albums that is obviously meant to be listened to as a whole, it's really hard to tell where one song ends and the next begins through almost the whole album.  Overall it's nothing spectacular, but it's a well put together album and very easy on the ears, a great choice if you are looking to wind down after a long day. A must have for any big Floyd fan or collector. I feel I will appreciate it even more after additional listening.
1	The CD got to PR in no time, it was in great conditions and it was overall perfect since I love Manson and his new album 
1	I discovered amazon cloud and the first piece I downloaded was Der Teufel and the sound fills the room. I recommend the cloud and the Schubert for .89, how can you go wrong.
1	great song to give someone the nerve to speak their mind.
1	I love Barbra Streisand.  The duets are great.  Another gift from my daughter for Christmas.
1	It's light hearted and happy.  It fit in nicely as background for a slideshow I did.
1	Jeff Williams's second outing as composer for RWBY is a home run. He creates wonderful music that gets your blood pumping and your head bobbing. Personal favorite tracks are "Shine" and "Caffeine", but they're all great tracks that's just as awesome as RWBY itself.
1	This is the music from the opening scene of the movie, Layer Cake, wherein Daniel Craig plays a fascinating, vulnerable role as a middle man for a "recreational medication" group in the UK.  Interesting concept for a movie, and the music grabs your attention, also.
1	This is one of the better collections out there. Some very hard to find songs on this wonderful 3 cd set. Comes in a very nice hard plastic box 3 cd holder which is rare these days. Most multi-cd set cases are flimsy and fall apart quickly. Not this one. This is a bargain. It seems that the previous review was for the wrong CD.
1	A wonderful story about a man trying to help a heartbroken girl he meets in a bar and tries to start a conversation with
1	great cd by one of the top bands around today.
1	I like Messianic music, so this was a treat for me.  Many Paul Wilbur works, but others as well.
1	We lost this wonderful country singer way too young . his songs calm the soul and lift your spirits.  He will be missed.
1	What can I say, a massively favorite song. To get the 'favorite recording' of this I had to purchase instead of use Amazon Prime streaming, but. It leads my 'mellowing out' playlist. It also is THAT SONG from the famous Volvo Split commercial.
1	1968 was a year filled with social unrest, and the music in this hour-long CD reflects that.  From the blaring guitars and driving beats of the opening selection, "Born to Be Wild" by Steppenwolf, to the angry soulful "Cloud Nine" by the Temptations, on through the mournful "Abraham, Martin, and John" by Dion, this CD will place you in the midst of Vietnam protests, and dismay over the deaths of Bobby Kennedy and Martin Luther King Jr.  But even in the uneasy social climate of 1968, respite was found in music.  There is the sunny feathery "Beautiful Morning" by The Rascals, the bubble gum hit "Valerie" by the Monkees, and the gorgeous slow-dance soul ballad "Lalah Means I Love You" by The Delfonics.  This CD focuses on the hits, so if you're looking to delve deeper into the music of 1968, look elsewhere.  But it is an essential CD for anyone who wishes to build a thorough music collection from the 1960's.
1	Fantastic! Possibly his best album yet
1	It sounds great and the price was right
1	This song of epic proportions broke my understanding of modern philosophy and created it anew. It instilled in my heart such wonders that I cannot even write in words how wonderfully wonderful it truly is. Gangnam Style not only fills your entire soul (yes the ENTIRE soul) with delight but also brings in a somber tone saying, "everything's alright." That tone forms in the back of my mind every time I hear this prodigy of true music to enlighten the soul. It keeps whispering in my ear, "go on, go over, you can do it. Just a little longer." This song eclipses all other works of music, nay works of art in the world today! Beethoven would be proud, but he's dead. Keep on Gangnam, keep on!
1	Sounds clear and no disappointments in quality. I am very happy with it and  love the song. Go for it!
1	found it very easy to purchase directly from my kindle, love it. look forward to purchasing more songs in the future
1	Great shipping time! Product as described.
1	Nice product. Would recommend this seller.
1	Been wanting to get this song for years after selling my vinyl.  Haven't tested it yet but the download seems to have went smoothly.
1	Even though the track promises that THIS IS DISCO, it's really not. It's bright and shiny tech-house. If it's disco you want, Ian Pooley's "Hyperdisco Remix" brings in the appropriate bass riff. Dave Angel takes his own remix funkier but no less shiny. Wax Doctor, not surprisingly, lets the atmospheric d'n'b blow over the track like a warm breeze. Still no disco, but that's fine.
1	I like this song as I know it was meant for his Father Tug McGraw. It is a great song and Tim does a good job singing it but I am not a fan of Tim's.
1	So, Band of Horses is a new band to me. Suffice to say, it's now as if I've been a fan for years. Their songs are infectious, as they're deep and meaningful. The instrumentation, vocals, and composition are fantastic. What a song.
1	Another song I haven't heard in a long time and now I can listen whenever I want.
1	A good song you don 't hear everyday. A great song for those who are in love for the first time!
1	I heard this on KJZZ, my favorite for jazz music, and liked it well enough to get the MP3 version.
1	Being a band nerd, I like listening to band music.  This compilation is first rate, and I hope that students will ask their directors to program on or more of these selections for an upcoming concert or festival.  I hope directors will take the time to listen and say to themselves "Yeah, my band can play this!" I first heard of Stephen Melillo's music as a college student.  I was selected to play in the KKPsi/TBS National Intercollegiate Band in 1993, and we performed his "A Walk in Jurassic Park".  "What awesome music!" I thought to myself, and it was fun to play, too. I have performed some his music with my own bands, and the players really enjoy the craft which Mr. Melillo puts into his compositions.
1	This album has me rocking out to favorite tracks like "Carry Me Back" and "Levi" while also cooling down with Bob Dylan-esque tracks including "Ain't It Enough" and the "Ways of Man." Overall all the banjo and fiddle romps leave me yearning for a blue grass festival.
1	man i wore this cd out when i was a kid. and the music is timeless.  best compelation i ever had and i got it with a burrito.  you don't get any better than that.
1	I just watched the Blu-ray of the movie 'Woodstock' - it has the CSN&Y version at the end of the movie, but JM gets a separate credit for writing the song.
1	Love this music. Voices are amazing.  Beautiful in every way. Loved it from the very first time I heatd it.
1	The entire CD is greatly composed of Real R&B music. Scream and Emergency are two of my favorites although the entire disc you can play from start to finish and jam. Tank's music in the past has always been enjoyable to me but he has really matured with this CD. The great thing is he didn't try to conform to some of the newer antics with his sound, he just stayed true to himself in which I can appreciate. For the ladies. Tank pictures on the inside cover proves to be an extra Bonus for us! Lol!
1	This song is a true testimony for me, With God I do have the victory
1	Still a dynamic and sexy song from an amazing artist,
1	I heard this gentleman sing on Huckabee one night and I loved his voice.  I immediately went to Amazon to find the song and get it.
1	I always have. first heard it when it came out.  This time I bought it s a gift for someone else.
1	This more acoustic sound really suits Haynes, and is the best I've ever heard him do on his own. Railroad Earth (6 piece new-grass jamband) provides great support giving all these songs (8 out of 13 which are Haynes originals) an instantly comfortable and enjoyable feel (like fitting on that perfect boot that will give no blisters and last for many miles of trail). I enjoyed the whole of Disc1 even though Haynes' song writing itself is only so-so, and the more stripped down demo versions on the shorter disc 2 aren't bad, although none of them seem essential. In fact, I thought the final live track weak, and the earlier demos are pretty depressing sounding without the cover of more instrumentation. So perhaps a single disc edition would be fine for most fans.  Overall a great recording with plenty of tasty guitar playing (especially slide) from Haynes, an apparently tireless artist with a vast and varied palette.
1	I wanted a song that reminded me of our different cruises and this song does it for me, it brings back all the memories
1	Group 1 Crew is an amazing band, and this album doesn't disappoint! I bought it for my sister and she loves it. Came in excellent packaging and we are enjoying it very much.
1	I have been following the songwriter singer since 2006/2007 as a member of brogian bards and independent solo artist and have never heard something that I didn't like and usually loved  Marc Gunn is talented in many different hats such as podcaster for Celtic music in many different formats  listen to him again and again  as he always makes you feel ultimately good  even his death song album. his takes and twists on scifi and parody are among the best
1	the used cd came from library-by the-lake, and was exactly as discribed. it was in perfect condition and arrived quickly, without damage.  the life action singers produce great music and this cd is one of their best.
1	Not really a fan of the artist but I do like this song.  Great to listen to when I'm at the gym for motivation.
1	First came out in 1980, as this was the band's second lp. Maybe not a masterpiece but pretty decent symphonic progressive title at that. This Gardens Of Delight pressing has an added bonus song. Tunes I liked best were the title track "Back On My Hill", "Stick In Your Eye" and the seventeen-minute "Judgement Day". Faithful Breath had reportedly disbanded after this album came out but KEEP in mind the band later reformed with two original members - Heinz Mikus - guitar & vocals and Horst Stabenow - bass who had recruited a couple of new playes but then 'moved' onto playing heavy metal QUITE a change - they released several more efforts - 'Rock Lions' ('81), 'Hard Breath' ('83) and 'Gold 'N Glory' ('84). Check 'em out.
1	Except for "A Kiss as Long as Eternity," which is a lovely ballad that has its share of Vitas' famous upper register, and is a very successful song, most of the tracks on this 2004 release tend to have a heavier beat and are great dance songs, with Vitas singing usually in a middle register.  Tracks 1, 5, 6, 7 and 9 were co-written by Vitas, tracks 8, 10 and 11 written by him alone. Total playing time is 36:15.  I simply adore this CD. It's hard to imagine hearing it without being energized by its abundance of joy, enthusiasm and love. Vitas' music is a light that leaves no room for sadness and negativity. It's impossible to pick a favorite Vitas CD, but this one hovers somewhere around the top for me.  A warning must be said to be careful who you buy CDs from. Always chose a reputable seller with the highest rating (a minimum of 98%), as Vitas, like many performers, especially those from distant lands, is plagued with pirated discs.  Play list: 1: "A Kiss as Long as Eternity." Beautiful, melodic ballad. 2: "Where's You, There's Me." Kuda ti, tuda ya! Get on your dancing shoes. 3: "Don't Keep Silence so Loudly." Fabulous! With some exotic techno sounds. 4: "Unlucky." A tune that will make you feel most fortunate and happy. 5: "Half Night Half Day." Absolutely irresistible. 6: "Heartbeat." Try not dancing to this one. I dare you! 7: "In Shorts and a T Shirt." Keep those dancing shoes on! 8: "Mantra." Nice techno flavor in this one. 9: " Streets of the Capital." A cheerful, bouncy song, with a hint of that upper register. 10: "I Believe in Love." With sweet gentleness, this is all love. 11: "Internet Mood." No lyrics in this one, just techno sounds and the voice as instrument.
1	I love this song! I also like This Girl is On Fire! I love her! I look forward to her next album!
1	This old world of ours sure is changing fast, at least for me, with seemingly everything "entertaining"(news programs, comedy monologues, TV shows) around us hop, skip and jumping from scene-to-scene or subject-to-subject so fast that it's a miracle we all don't suffer from Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).  It seems like we just have to have something changing all the time in front of our eyes.  But is it really entertainment when we have to have our  brains hopped-up on caffeine just to keep-up? I don't think so!  Jeanne Robertson stresses through her stories of the little things that happen around her that humor is a very valuable commodity that we need to  to be on the look-out for and enjoy on a daily basis.  Storytelling is not something new, in fact it is the forerunner to books and everything else that we currently use to communicate.  And while storytelling can be from one person to another, it is best shared with an audience so that more can enjoy the stories, and the audience can share between each other the points expressed in the story.  In "Southern Style," you have a recording of Jeanne speaking before an audience that is truly enjoying the stories, and you can almost "see" them "wink" at each other when something she says hits home.  To me, Southern storytellers are the best because the "art" has carried on longer, and it is still considered an "art."  Having lived all over the United States, I know other regions have great storytellers, but there is something about the "South" that has made the region retain its storytelling supremacy.  Some may say its because for so long so many folks lacked an education, or a TV or radio, and it was necessary to tell stories to keep others entertained.  Whatever the case, it is a blessing that one can conveniently download a CD to listen to a wonderful and gifted storyteller like Jeanne Robertson.  While all of Ms. Robertson's CD's are excellent, "Southern Style," to me, is the cream of the crop, and through Amazon you can now download it. I would strongly suggest you download all of it because the stories are very good, and they have a tendency to interweave:  from the tales of the two Miss North Carolinas' and her husband's (Left-Brain) exploits, to her fashion story of wearing a Pashmina (fancy wrap) in New York.  In closing, let me say I was blessed to have have been raised in the South, with its great storytellers, but for those of you who weren't, I can think of no better example of storytelling by a master storyteller than "Southern Style" by Jeanne Robertson.
1	These songs take me way back and I feel like I am right there with him when he sings. The songs are uplifting.
1	This song is amazing. It explains how he refuses to live a life that isn't holy and acceptable by God. This song is one of those who ministers to both the saved and unsaved.
1	love it.  and just got exactly what i wanted and no more.  save bzillians this way!  greatest invention ever in the music industy.  thanks!
1	I bought four of these. Two for myself, just in case they go out of print and one deteriorates. I have a vast Sinatra collection. This is one of the top 5 discs. The others being "Only the Lonely",  "Swinging Lovers", "September of my Years" and the "Live at the Sands" .Being one of the top five of any major artist says a lot. Being in the top five of the greatest singer ever is an eloquent statement indeed.  It is the definitive interpretation of the Jobim sound and the most candle-light dinner elegantly romantic album you will find. Having all these songs in one collection is long long overdue.
1	Praise  God, another sweet jam from lecrae!
1	Great song I'm not that much into country but might be changing, ( not all the way , but will checking out) love the song
1	It's weird and kinda creepy, but I love it.
1	Found this MP3 download while browsing and remembered just how fabulous The Doors were.  Love this song and am really happy with the download!
1	Love it , best vocal on history, oh my gosh , unbelievable.
1	If you have watched the TV show, then you already know how catchy the songs are. The only difference between TV and the CD, is probably length. I haven't actually verified this, but it seems some of the songs on the CD are longer, and due to time constraints they shortened them on the show? Either way, a good time with good music.
1	I love this song and group! It brings back memories of my youth. Thanks for having this song for me to purchase.
1	Bought this one when it was new.  A great double album of a neglected band.  Just listen to Budd Johnson for a start.  The great drummer Alvin Burroughs, Shorty Baker and the young Mr. B, are also on hand.  Grab it quickly.
1	nice song - I'm not a big fan of old school country but this one's not bad.  A couple times in the song the lead vocal is a bit wobbly but she recovers well.
1	I love this song because it reminds me of the movie Kill Bill. I even use it as a ringtone for my phone.
1	Shinedown being Shinedown at their best! Similar yet very different from all their other offerings! Keep it up Gentleman!
1	Mixes in well with other songs in cardio workout. When you get a little winded this will help keep you up.
1	Bought this for "Secrets" but am getting hooked on the rest. Still a timely CD. Came on time and in a bubble envelope. Worth a purchase for sure.
1	Such a great tune and could listen to it all day. Blake's "clean" version is just as good. Makes all rednecks proud.
1	If nothing else, I highly recommend "Lights" by Battleme.  Great haunting song that replays in my head over and over.  I can even see the image of Jax following Juice in his truck as this song is being played.
1	Great Price! Product as Stated! No Problems!
1	Great album! No track on it that I dislike; every one is worth listening to. The lyrics are interesting, the musical style is varied and frankly just sounds cool, and it's a nicely long album which I always appreciate. Worth every penny.
1	It would be hard not to like this effort even if one were not a huge fan of Jenni's father Geoff and an admired of her mother, Maria. So.  Those questions are answered. As for the CD and Jenni on her own, this is a well thought out, highly listenable and original album.  It has been playing on my equipment for several years now, and wears well. Enjoy.
1	i absolutely love this song which manages to be both depressing in a strangely end of the world kind of way and keep you interested
1	Nice to be able to download an old single song that trigger old memories instead of buying an entire album.
1	Another solid release! This cd fits in well with the rest of the music Ty has put out over the years.
1	This album is a great example of the jazz and fusion stuff that was going on in the 70's and 80's. While I think that Maynard Ferguson was the epitome of this big band incarnation, Woody brought a pretty decent band along as well, even though he was entering the last decade of his life. Amazing guy, amazing version of La Fiesta. Starting with that electric piano that was everywhere at the time (were they all Rolands?) and ending with a little bit wheezy soprano solo from Woody, there is a whole lot of stuff crammed in the middle: shrieking trumpets, a nifty Tiberi solo, and awesome dynamics. As good a version as you will find anywhere.
1	Have you ever felt like your day was dragging? Those days when you're upset for no reason at all? How about when you want to go to the gym and pump iron but you're just not feeling the appropriate motivation.  I have found the absolute best thing you can do for any of the above afflictions is listen to "Eye Of The Tiger". This song will cure any mental ailment. They you should have it pumping through the streets of Alaska during the dark parts of the year to keep people from getting seasonal depression. I listen to this song and I am ready to take on the whole world! To leap buildings in a single bound! Everyone needs a daily does of some Eye Of The Tiger!  AMAZING!
1	Zipper Catches Skin was far better than many of the reviewers here seem to think.  If you're stuck in the early 70's-or bust mentality of Cooper-fandom, then this album isn't for you.  But ZCS is strong from beggining to end, with catchy tunes and interesting lyrics which at times border on the hilarious.  "Adaptable", "I Like Girls", "Remarkably Insincere", all rock and stay in your head long after you listen to them, mainly because of the lyrics.  This was the third of a strong trilogy of Alice's "80's" albums, the others being Flush the Fashion and Special Forces.  All three, while they don't match most of his 70's albums, deliver the hard rock goods, while drifting away from Alice's horror personae in favour of Alice the stand-up comic.  It works.  The one weak moment for me is the painful Theme from the Class of 1984, "I am the Future", which should have tipped us off to what was to come- namely the dreadful DaDa album.
1	great song from a great band that will no doubt turn out many more terrific songs in the future.  So far 'Demons' is my favorite song from this group.
1	This album is a must have for anyone looking to hear some very creative rock tunes with a ' pop' edge to it. With a very high level of musicianship, Dale will take you anywhere from an experimental and psychedelic rock tunes to some more modern acoustic ' folky' songs. Amazing songwriting musically and lyrically!
1	I have given a few copies of the CD and Guide to family and friends because it brings one closer to the Blessed Mother and in touch with the Lord.  I listen to it driving, working out or when I feel I need to quiet myself. Susan has really done a great job with this and it is worth the purchase.
1	I was too guilty to like this song. I mean, The Beibs? But once I learned that Ed Sheeran co-wrote it, I could live with myself. All is again right with the world.
1	Great remix of one of the key songs of the show  Gives a great feeling to a strong show number
1	Sarah McLachlan has such a beautiful voice. Makes it sound as if an angel is singing the song. One of many tremendous songs released by Sarah McLachlan.
1	A great album. I am now a great New fan.
1	It's Prince! Plain and simply a legend! #RIP
1	Who rocks harder than Nickelback? I downloaded this song because I listen to it weekly when WWE comes on. so now I use it as a ringtone for my android phone.
1	When two super talents like Keith Urban and Miranda Lambert get together, it's bound to be a hit and this one certainly is! I'd rate this among the great duets in country music. Highly recommended!
1	Great music! Loved IT! Thanks A Lot!
1	I play this to help rock my baby to sleep and she must find it so calming because it works every time :)
1	If you like blues and you like rock, this is your ticket.  Not only can Joe play some awesome guitar, he's also got a great voice to go along with it.  I just now discovered Joe and am in love with his music (my wife is too).  Great guitar, great singing, great beat, great band. what more can you ask for?  If his other work is as good as this, then I'll end up owning every CD he has.  Seriously, if you don't like this CD and you like the blues/rock genre then you need to go see a doctor.
1	This song is beautiful beyond words.
1	Excellent service and product. Very satisfied.
1	FANTASTIC  I love it love it love it,Della lifts the heart & stirs the soul. I start my day with this if at all possible,PRAISE GOD! It is best to give your day to the Lord,this is the way to do it. I reccommended it highly. JoJo
1	My daughter loves Carrie Underwood and has all of her cd's.
1	Saw him on AGT, and loved his version of this song.  Had to buy it!  Will hopefully get some other songs.
1	We just got this for Christmas and it's a wonderful CD! My four year old is asking great questions about the songs.
1	What a great song!  Gwen Stefani is an awesome lead singer.  I have always been a fan!  This song never gets old.
1	El-P continues to impress. Each of his albums is very good, but they all build on the brilliance of the previous release. A true artist in every sense. Really good album! Get it if you're remotely into rap/hip hop music in any way.
1	Prince. Was. One. Of. The.  Greatest.  Of.  All. Time.  And. I. Love.  His. Music
1	Posiblemente la cancin ms famosa de Don Omar, el cantante bein conocido.  Hay que comprarlo; esta versin es impresionante.  El mejor de las versiones hoy.
1	This is EP loosely based on love in different forms. My favorite track on it is And Then There'll Be a Light. Also features Crash, Bodies, Self-knowledge, Dependence and Corps D amour.
1	This is one of my favorite old school christmas songs. This is a classic.
1	A few of the songs are out of show order, but glad to see they put all the big songs on it this season. Wish a cd version was offered, though.
1	Alanis Morissette has a beautiful voice. I had to download it and listen to it often. I really love this song!
1	Heard this on a Cable TV play list and had to find it!  Had never heard it before and I'm glad I did!
1	I found this worship CD in a store randomly. It has some of the best praise and worship songs ever. I can't help but get up and praise my God when I hear these songs. What a blessing!
1	Sent to a friend and now they love to hear him sing also. Hope he recovers from his operation. thanks
1	This is a lovely piece of music and very affordable at the price it is offered. I have no regrets about this purchase.
1	I think this album is a huge leap forward for Lifehouse.  They have really grown together as a band.  The songs on this record are much more upbeat than on the last album, but they have not lost the depth.  Jason's lyrics express the importance of being able to look to the future and enjoy life, rather than dwelling on the past.  The vocals are also much more powerful; Jason seems to be more comfortable in exploring his range and power while singing.  This is evident on the tracks "Anchor," "Wash," and "Spin."  On the track "My Precious" we get to hear his amazing falsetto, and on the title track, "Stanley Climbfall," he is absolutely electric.  Other highlights on the record are "Sky is Falling," "Am I Ever Gonna Find Out," and "Take Me Away;" however, this is one of those albums where every song is great and can be listened to over and over again.  There is no need for a skip button when listening to Stanley Climbfall!   The overall sound of this album is very organic and pure.  The songs will leave you uplifted and help you to be at peace with the ups and downs life throws at you.  I highly recommend that you give this record a listen!
1	Another stellar album from the awesome "Jenny's" ! Beautiful and finely crafter all the way through !
1	Excellent work of art.  She's on target with every song.  Seems to relay a pervasive quality of despairing depression underneath the provocative, bad girl image.  Some people want to boycott her album until she gets help but there's no question, this is a top quality production.
1	This is by far the best collection of Rare Earth there was. I say was cos' it looks like at the writing of this that it is now out of print.(sad). luckily I do own it. What makes this the best one of all is the inclusion of "Every now and then we get to go on down to Miami". This song was never released as a single but should have been. Every song on here is a winner, you've got the hits and the best of (almost) album tracks. But if Mowtown happens to read this please. please release the entire catalog using 24 bit, these guys deserve it. since there's 2 or 3 original members gone now.
1	I have followed Lea since she first appeared on Glee. she has a voice that so powerful. and I am happy to see her career continues to climb.
1	I like these guys, they kind of blur the line between pop and rock but somehow still come off as being heavy.  They just kind of have a nice old-school feel good rock vibe.
1	Few bands have given me more pleasure over the past 30 years than Dokken.  Even without George, without Jeff, and a weakened (and at times embarrassing) Don, this band is still one-of-a-kind.  No matter the lineup, Dokken is still capable of delivering a little magic on every release.  Jon Levin is incredible.  Never thought I'd say this but I almost don't miss George.  The ultimate complement a Dokken fan can pay. Levin is that good.  The first and last 3 songs on Broken Bones are up to the Dokken's best standards and the 5 tunes in the middle are all still totally enjoyable.  Don's vox are not as strained as on Lightning Strikes Again - he seems to have found a register where he can still sound smooth.  (of course, Mark Boals in the background doesn't hurt but cheating is allowed at this age)  Keep it going, Don - we're still out there.
1	Another solid song from the new Skillet album that showcases their softer side. While this is not nearly the side if Skillet I often listen to, it is good enough in its own right.  Rating: 4
1	the piano is very subtle and haunting almost I love the pauses  in between and the beats. It all gels together.  I love the song, buy in!
1	The song is catchy and fun. Amy Winehouse was a very talented singer and her vocals work very well with the lyrics of the song.
1	Manakin Moon is a great song from the mostly-overlooked band Waxing Poetics, who were a regional favorite in the Norfolk, Virginia, area.  It's a mellow and evocative song about a state of mind.  Highly recommended.  Wannabe singers, just try to learn the lyrics on this one!
1	I'm sure this is a common song for a funeral service which is what I bought it for , but Alan Jackson just does an exceptional job with it .
1	Song was super.  The Amazon player is a total pain in the neck.  I had problems playing the song with my usual mp3 and WMP programs and I just do not want to get any more songs from Amazon until that problem is non-existent.
1	I love this album. Favorites include Anthem, Run, Outlaws, Scared, Chasing Twisters, and My Whole Life Long. After It All makes me weep with joy. If you've never seen them live, don't miss the chance. Anyone can sound decent in the studio with a thousand takes, few sound even better live and Delta Rae definitely sounds even better live.
1	This is a classic. Anyone into hard punk should give this album a try. Especially, "Good riddance" is an amazing song. Great precision and no mercy.
1	Best version of one of my favorite songs that I've ever heard.  Watch it with video on YouTube to take in the whole scenario, visually stunning as well as a joy to listen to.
1	I love the arrangements on this collection. many of my favorite Easter songs with stirring instrumentation. A good collection to have.
1	This is awesome! I pop this cd in around Thanksgiving and it basically plays until January! Josh did an outstanding job.  I love his version of the classic Christmas songs, especially Little Drummer Boy. Every track is great, in my opinion, however I am not to keen on The First Noel. Mainly because I am not a fan of Faith Hill's voice and I am not convinced that their voices harmonize well together .  Again, that is just my opinion.  I would recommend this cd to anyone and everyone. I love it so much and I hope many others will also!
1	Really love this song. It was used in the movie trailer for "The Secret Life of Walter Mitty" and the song is pretty addictive to listen to.
1	Adele has a wonderful way of arranging and singing songs. This one is a great example
1	One of the top 10 Christmas singles ever.
1	i love the brass opening this song.  makes me want to walk up to my wife and dance.
1	I use to hear that song without knowing the title. I finally found it and I am enjoying it. Thanks to Amazon for making purchase so easy and good quality music.
1	A very strong set of songs, both lyrically and melodically.  And Robin is in good voice throughout.
1	This is a great 1957 session by the Jimmy Smith Trio and Lou Donaldson. A fine clollection of bebop & ballads that display excellent communication between these two giants + Eddie McFadden on guitar and Donald Bailey on drums. From the opening swinging salvo of "Soft Winds" to the closing track of early latin bebop in the form of "Cha-Cha", this gem of an album is a not to be missed audio treat. Once again, great & rare music like this is only available as an import-although now you can get it in the form of the box set "Jimmy Smith:Eighteen Classic Albums"-which I purchased for about $20. I'm so glad that the market across the pond is making these classic sessions of jazz available & affordable for those who like timeless music such as this one by JOS & Papa Lou-who still today blows circles around those much younger & more acclaimed(by the "critics/experts") than he.
1	You will not be sorry, the song is enchanting- carefully moving from beginning to end, and taking us on a smooth ride through a sweet melody.
1	Since I grew up in an extremely remote part of Alaska, I may be one of the few people on the planet who wasn't very exposed to the Bee Gees' music in the Seventies. I was only familiar with "Lonely Nights" from a mix album of my parents and I had no idea who the artists were. In my twenties I ventured out into the world and heard "Stayin' Alive" and other disco hits without really paying much attention. In my thirties I had dinner at my parents' house and afterwards they watched an A&E special concert promoting the Bee Gees album, "This is Where I Came In." Naturally, I stayed to watch.  And almost immediately I was blown away by the most unique, amazing and thrilling voice I'd ever heard in my life. From that moment on I bought every Bee Gees album available simply and solely to expose myself to Robin Gibb's voice. And what a rewarding journey that was- his range never failed to delight and lead me on to the next album to see what else he would do with the incredible instrument that was his voice.  Obviously, the huge albums from the Seventies didn't interest me much, despite their genius danceability, because his voice is not highlighted. Fortunately I managed to get hold of his solo albums.  I've often wondered what Robin Gibb would have done with his voice if he hadn't been shaped by the Bee Gees. Often I yearned for something more than the pop songs. after all, his voice could easily have embraced any style or genre.  This album comes the closest to proving that. Just listen to "Don't Cry Alone" if you don't believe me. And while many of the tracks are once again pop, they're more mature, both in lyrics and in vocals. And I love that he uses his terrific range from one song to the next. I especially love it when he sings in the lower registers ("Sanctuary"), since he does it so rarely- but so well.  Naturally, if you love Robin Gibb or the BEE GEES you're going to buy this album. If you're simply a music lover you owe it to yourself to expose yourself to one of- if not THE- most unique, haunting and penetrating voices in popular music history. This album is a wonderful introduction to the joy that is Robin Gibb's voice.
1	I listen to this CD every day. all day. I absolutely love this group. I get inspired and motivated. Feel Good Music by a family-group that can really SING!
1	Big Third Day Fan and this didn't disappoint!
1	This is the best song the widespread panic has ever released. I love it. No matter my mood this song always picks me right up.
1	My own personal misgivings with this album upon listening - and Miss Evancho is just blessed with the voice of an absolute angel - is that in my book, little girls can't be taken seriously with any comfort when they sing of things beyond their scope of experience.  Not that I'd want an album of tunes about ponies and rainbows and Girl Scout Cookie sales. but when a barely-teenaged kid sings the word "love" in any context other than discussions of her stuffed animal collection, I get a bit of the heebie-jeebies.
1	This song is truly inspiring.  I first heard it during a Worship session at a Church I was visiting.  I quickly found it on Amazon.
1	Lorraine feather is the complete package.  Here are incredible intelligence and uniqueness, beautiful voice, wide-ranging moods and arrangements.  Always surprising and satisfying.  You must hear Lorraine Feather to believe it can be this good.
1	Got this song in my head after watching True Detective on TV, so I had to buy it!
1	Great mid-tempo song.  Makes me smile.  Great for workouts, long drives, etc.  Brings you "up".  Would like more of the same.
1	While the use of something other than xylophone and toy piano in a few tracks took me back to Dylan's Judas moment, I still recommend this wonderful series. My baby fell asleep within 20 minutes of first firing it up, and hopefully has planted some subliminal love for The Pixies to share with me in the future. The Stones one is good too.  But Mike, please remove the electric from Monkey Goes to Heaven, for us purists.
1	Artists all the time do remakes of some of the classics.  Sometimes they take on songs that shoes are too big to fill so to speak.  BUT in this instance Chris Brown did it justice and then some.
1	This is as strange a project as I can imagine.  Purportedly Bob Dylan or his minders find a batch of old lyrics from his 1967 Basement Tapes sabbatical and rather than composing/borrowing melodies Dylan passes the lyrics to longtime producer T-Bone Burnett, an old associate from the Rolling Thunder Revue tours of 1975-6.  Nor does Burnett complete the songs although he's been making his own records since the 1970's.  Rather he invites other musicians to complete the songs and several interesting singers accept.  Musical omnivore Elvis Costello is probably the best known (Burnett was a relatively early Costello producer).  Burnett claims the record was conceived and recorded on a very tight schedule in something like a song composing lab, inviting collaboration and making no restriction on which singer could tackle which lyric.  Costello has written vast numbers of elaborate lyrics and interpreted many others in numerous genres and understands the craft as well as anyone possibly could.  So what attracted him to the project?  My best guess is that he had some assurance he could finish the title cut which is probably the best lyric in the bunch, although Rhiannon Giddens came up with an equally interesting melody for "Lost on the River."  Some of these lyrics may have been a bit naughty for the newly married Dylan at time.  Dylan's Basement Tape lyrics could be usefully categorized as playfully absurd and dead serious.  The serious lyrics were more elliptical, open, and allusive than his previous songs.  The playful lyrics often seemed like trucker slang.  Quite a few of these seem to borrow existing song titles but launch into quite different directions.  Most of these lost lyrics lean "serious" but there are a couple absurd lyrics included and those aren't successfully assayed in my opinion because none of the singers can approach Dylan's goofiness.  There was also a cable film tie-in and that film seemed to hinge on the drama of Giddens' and Marcus Mumford's songwriting inhibitions.  No matter, each of these very dramatic singers contribute some of the better tracks on the record.  Giddens is obviously a marvelous talent who can choose her future session work on the basis of these recordings.  Jim James of My Morning Jacket aces all his assignments and even sounds a lot like Nashville Skyline Dylan on the opener.  Taylor Goldsmith of Dawes is the odd inclusion here because he's a very understated singer compared to the others.  Instruments are traded in the best Basement Tapes fashion.  The record sounds nothing like the original Basement Tapes which is probably best.  Dylan was the other tie-in when he finally released all the known Basement Tapes in a truly deluxe set which hopefully will result in a more comfortable retirement for the great organist Garth Hudson who kept the archive all these years.
1	Great quality. Super fast download!
1	easy to learn and good song for a praise team, and a children choir get you blessing! its great !
1	This is my favorite Mark Knopfler song.  I can't say it's typical, but it's soooo beautiful!  Randy Travis also recorded it, but I prefer MK's version.
1	This instrumental version of "Over the Rainbow" is absolutely perfect. It seems silly at first but give it a listen and you might see why I'm saying it's good. A 101 strings orchestra really fills out this song and helps it deliver the impact it was intended to especially during the chorus. Preview it and judge for yourself.
1	Maybe this album is not as good as rejoyce, but it's still great, I just love her!
1	I do not pretend to be familiar with the details of Tane's career aside from what I can infer from listening to her music - and I haven't yet heard all of her 1990s-era releases (because they're a little difficult to find.)  But given the fact that the vast majority of her work subsequent to the 1990s falls into the pop and light jazz genres, I get the impression that for "Hetero" her manager (or producer, whatever,) was trying to nudge her into alt-rock, that Tane herself was more interested in. pop and light jazz, but acquiesced to a harder-edged album all the same.  An artist is going to follow her own path, obviously, but I wish Tane-san would've done an album or two more of straight-ahead rock, because she's good at it and her voice is well suited for it.  The "Hetero" album is something that fans of rock and female vocalists should snap up at their first opportunity, because although it has some minor downsides, it's akin to a buried pop-rock treasure.  Since there's no track listing here I'll do a blow-by-blow:  1. "Kaeshite" ("Give It Back") starts with a strange, almost playful verse, takes some wonderfully unexpected twists in chord progression, picks up a stark, thin drumbeat, then dives into an excellent, somewhat angsty chorus which, again, traverses a chord progression unlike anything I've heard before.  Just a great, understated rock tune.  2. "Down" is far more poppy, but with the same arresting vocal attitude.  The groove here is just acoustic guitar and vocal over simple percussion and later some subtle keyboard, but here's where Tane's unique voice shines through.  It's difficult for me to explain exactly why, but her voice reminds me of Phoebe Snow.  Maybe its because of that strange vibrato, which sounds both tightly-controlled and loose at the same time, but that comparison keeps jumping out at me, even years after I first heard this disc.  3. "Cut the Fruits" is a little funky, a little jazzy, with beautiful, floating, upbeat transitional grooves between verses and choruses. There's a satisfying gnarly-twangy guitar break in the bridge, then back to that glide-groove, then a rideout chorus that brings the tune to an abrupt end.  Just an excellent groove from start to finish.  4. "Ame to Gamu" ("Chewing Gum Candy") is hard to describe.  Again it's vocal over acoustic guitar (something that ordinarily bores the hell out of me,) but the vocal melody in this song is nothing short of spellbinding.  There is a lot of really weird instrumentation (synth washes, and. French accordion?) but it all meshes perfectly.  The bridge is a bass solo, something that seems to send American producers running like frightened rabbits. If you've spent much time listening to Japanese rock and pop, one of the first happy discoveries you will experience is that the bass guitar is rarely relegated to that anonymous "dum-dum-dum-dum-dum" drone buried deep in the background, but rather is an integral, catalyzing element of the mix.  How or why Japan has some of the most phenomenal bassists on Earth (Masaki of Daida Laida and Liv Moon, Koga Michiko of Doll$Boxx and Gacharic Spin, King-san [formerly] of ShakaLabbits, Onda Yoshihito of Zamza and Judy And Mary, Hibiki of Light Bringer, etc.,) is beyond me.  Ditto how or why Japan has an abundance of recording engineers and producers who treat the bass as an instrument on an even par with guitar and vocal.  But I am really, really glad that's the case.  Anyhow, "Ame to Gamu" is an unforgettable song, and Tane's vocal performance is just phenomenal here.  And I almost forgot:  Something that puts a big, goofy smile on my face every time I listen to this song is the fact that the last three chords of the song are a quote of that three-chord figure in Jimi's "Wind Cries Mary."  Whether that's incidental or intentional, it. just makes me smile.  5. "Memoria" is maybe the best song on this album, but undercut by an annoyance in the recording:  The heavier parts are noticeably distorted.  You have to push that annoyance aside, because "Memoria" is just epic - one of those songs that's like a heartfelt little journey or adventure.  It begins soft as a feather, builds and builds, explodes in anthemic choruses, then after a brief acoustic bridge turns a corner into an unexpected, melodically-magical passage that builds to its own crescendo - with Tane pouring heart and soul into the vocal - to end on that same soft-as-a-feather place it started.  This is one of those tunes you can listen to for the first time today, yet will seem like it was the backdrop for some of the most moving experiences of your life, a song that's been with you for years.  That, folks, is powerful songwriting.  Just a great song - easily one of my all-time faves.  It's unfortunate that the engineer distorted the hell out of the guitar on the choruses, but. great song.  6. "No Joker" starts with Tane's sly vocal over piano and drums that sound a little like solo John Lennon - but this is the tune I like least on the album, mostly because of the choruses, which have Tane stretching her range too much, amid repeats of the line "I wanna be your woman / I wanna be your woman."  It's not a horrid song, but to me the choruses are awkward and a little annoying, and the bridge is just weird, and not in a good way.  7. "Kakekko" ("Sprint" or "Race") is a mellow groove with a pretty vocal melody and touch of reverb-ambience, evocative of sitting in a garden pagoda in a cool cloudburst.  There's also an understated acoustic slide solo in the bridge.  8. "Kage no Naka no Kage" ("Shadow in the Middle of a Shadow") is the most jazzy tune on the disc - more in line with the stuff she's done since - but an excellent, relaxed groove.  9. "Daite te Hoshii" ("I Want You to Hold Me") is another jazzy tune, mellower than "Kage," with just vocal over electric piano and some periodic synth pulses, then the same over a drumbeat, with some funk-flavored instrumentation with the choruses.  The vocal melody is not as interesting as the rest of the songs, which leads me to believe it's one of those songs that rest more heavily on lyrical content than musicality (just a guess, since my Nihongo skills are only a little bit beyond The Three Most Important Phrases In Any Language, namely, "Where is the beer?" "Where is the restroom?" and "I love you," generally in that order - and I haven't sat down to translate it.)  10. "Tree" closes out the album in a dreamy, atmospheric wash, with Tane's voice processed through a thin "radio mic" patch that fits the song perfectly.  There are two breaks into slower-tempo grooves that are actually more powerful and dramatic than the faster tempo of the rest of the song.  An understated but relentlessly cool tune.  I'm far more a rock guy than either jazz or pop, so although there are a lot of her tunes I like from later albums, "Hetero" is her standout disc - for that rock element.  But again, I still haven't gotten around to getting her other '90s discs.  If you like alt-rock that's generally upbeat rather than a massive boat-anchor of metaphysical angst, and if you enjoy totally unique voices, get "Hetero."  Definitely time well spent.
1	This is a very good CD for the price.  I bought this cd just for that one song that I didn't have but wanted.
1	Jonatha Brooke has one of the most beautiful voices I've ever heard. She is also one of the most under-rated songwriters in the country. The Story was a rather short-lived 2-person group formed back in the early 90s that included Jennifer Kimball. The harmonies that Jonatha and Jennifer created were/are inspired, and at times, their heart wrenching melodies could bring you to tears.  My two favorite songs from Jonatha are 'So Much Mine' (from Story - Angel in the House) and 'Eye in the Sky' (from Jonatha Brooke - Back in the Circus). 'So Much Mine' (my absolute favorite) is a gorgeous song played impeccably well by highly skilled musicians. The singing by Jonatha is buttery smooth and is a perfect example of her true artistry. The 'Eye in the Sky' track from one of Jonatha's solo albums is an almost haunting rendition of the song by the same title from The Alan Parsons Project, release back in 1982. I am also a big fan of that band.  All of Jonatha's albums, both solo and from 'The Story,' are highly recommended. Her voice would melt even the hardest of hearts and her song writing, along with her interpretations of other artists songs, is inspiring and (at times) haunting. Her songs stay (and play) in your head for a LONG time and when you consider her body of work (as a whole), I just can't imagine why she isn't more popular. Some of her music has an almost Latin flavor to it; Latin rhythms and percussion that make you want to DANCE, while some of her songs make you want to cry. She is THAT good.  I don't know what else to say/write, other than BUY HER MUSIC !
1	Christina and Blake sound wonderful together! Who would have guessed it. :)
1	PASSIONS is the newest addition to an amazing collection of truly beautiful music. I've been a fan of George Skaroulis ever since I stumbled upon him at a Greek Festival some years back. If you love great relaxing piano music along the lines of George Winston or Jim Brickman, you are in for a real treat. I have never been disappointed in this artist's offerings.  Listen to the tracks and find out for yourself, what you've been missing. And then get PASSIONS!
1	I stumbled upon LP searching for vinyl records on YouTube and nearly fell over when I started listening.  She is absolutely incredible and has affected me more than any artist in years!
1	Listen to it so much, had to order another one! Want to make sure it doesn't wear out!
1	Great song. The live version I think is better an the album version. I don't think this song got played alot.
1	This song was written by Todd Rundgren.  Hall and Oats are good but Todd the best,I think he produced them along with Patti Smith ( Here comes the night ) and lots of other artists.  Most of their big hits were written by Todd.
1	One of Mary Wells' best. No problems with download.
1	Awesomeness love this song very inspiring and heart felt, I could listen to it all day it makes my heart so filled with the spirit.
1	I'd heard this song for a while on the radio and decided to purchase it. The price was right so I bought it.
1	Great song.  no one but him could sing it with such feeling.  Love that song and singer.  Thank you George.
1	An excellent song (and prayer) for every believer!  Helps me to keep my focus on my heavenly hope.  I think most of us long for our heavenly home and to be with our loved ones that have gone before us.
1	Remembered this song from years ago and am very glad to have found it again.
1	Great song, heard it in Life is Strange
1	The song is great. I've been listening to it for years. It's just what I expected. That's the reason I bought it. I've been buying songs from Amazon since they started selling them. I'm going to copy this and paste it to every song that I review. I hope you do the same.
1	Exceptional drops of passion resonate with clarity, depth, and emotive crescendo throughout the masterpiece love song "Ain't No Mountain High Enough"; sung with assured perfection by Diana Ross; brilliantly written by Nickolas Ashford & Valerie Simpson. We soar through the clouds with this flawless rendition. We are lost in its lyrical poetry. We are captured by Ross' genteel and unique voicing, inflections, and intonations; she sets the stage for listeners - in her directness & sincerity. Like a soothing wind - Le mesure de l'amour - her voice captures us anew each time we listen to it. Superior backup vocals and orchestration elevate it to its rightful status as a classic. Whether we are asleep with this beautiful song 'secreting' itself into our memory or 'relaxing' in our romantic, nocturnal state - we can easily become enamoured in the meaning, enrichment, and themes so present in this joyous, uplifting recording. "Just send for me, oh baby."  "Remember the day I set you free I told you you could always count on me From that day on, I made a vow, I'll be there when you want me, Some way, some how.  'Cause baby there ain't no mountain high enough, Ain't no valley low enough, Ain't no river wide enough To keep me from getting to you babe.  My love is alive Way down in my heart Although we are miles apart If you ever need a helping hand, I'll be there on the double As fast as I can. Don't you know that there  Ain't no mountain high enough, Ain't no valley low enough, Ain't no river wide enough To keep me from getting to you babe."
1	Diana Krall is a 'real cool chick' on this number.
1	Another one of that AMAZON had as a sampler when I got it. I've enjoyed listening to this countless times. I also recommend the 2013 version.
1	They keep getting better and better, every song is talking directly to me !  Your Side of the Bed, listen to the words - amazing !
1	First of all we have to clear one thing up. 0304 means 2003-2004 this is her music for those years. Although I am not absolutely sure if that is what it means that is the best guess I can give you. Another thing many people have said that Jewel has sold out. I understand their point of view. If you are a die-hard Jewel fan and do not like dance, pop, or very upbeat music then this cd isn't for you. I am a diehard Jewel fan and love those kinds music as well. So i was very very pleased with this cd. This cd was all about fun, experimentation, dancing, and just having a good time. So if you love any kind of dance music or pop or most of all a good time this cd is definitey for you. My Overview of the tracks. 1. Stand: One of my favorites. I love the lyrics, the chorus is really catchy and the music is awesome. put together really well 5/5 2. Run 2 U: I love this song. It's a sort of sweet love song. The lyrics remind me a bit of older Jewel. But the music and the overall song is so new and fresh. 5/5 3. Intuition: Everyone in the world has got to know this song.  Love it. The french accordian and the urban sound together fits really well. Love the lyrics as well 4.5/5 4. Leave the Lights On: Woohoo. Jazzy. I love Jewel and jazz together it goes well. Remember the song "I Won't Walk Away". from her album "This Way". This reminds me of that only way way more upbeat. 4/5 5. 2 Find U: Wow. Great, great lyrics. I'm sure they will touch anyone who has been in a rocky relationship and is trying to save it. Really heart-felt verses and Angst driven Chorus's. 4.5/5 6. Fragile Heart: At first I wasn't feeling this song and was like err ick. But after a couple listens I was really impressed. Really cute and simple song. Reminiscent of "I'm Sensitive" from "Pieces of You" 4.5/5 7. Doin Fine: Another one of my favorites. LOVE IT! It's just about being free, having fun, and takng chances. I love the beat how Jewel sounds. Everything. Great summer anthem. 5/5 8. 2 Become 1: I am not to fond of this. My least favorite track on the album. I just think it's like every other love song. Nothing really special. and not very catchy in my eyes at least. 2/5 9. Haunted: THE ABSOLUTE BEST SONG EVER! I love this song. It's so cool Jewel sings from  stalkers point of view. It's creepy, raw, and emotional. She sounds so awesome. almost Rock and Roll. Totally different from rest of album. I LOVE IT! 10/5 10. Sweet Temptation: Good song. If light and dark can be represented altogether in one song this is it. Awesome beats. Good stuff! 4.5/5 11. Yes U Can: Great dance song. I love how she sings "Its not cheap to buy your dreams". I am not suprised Santana who she wrote this for rejected it. He's not cool enough to pull it off. Go Jewel! 5/5 12. U + Me= Love: Another awesome song. Reminds me a bit of Run 2 U. However the lyrics are so much better. Like a girls anthem. Just listen. Great beat as well. 5/5 13. America: Great message. I love controversial Jewel. even if this was a she sad a bit of a watered down version. I would pay big bucks to see what the record label cut. Gets a little repetitive but the awesome lyrics save it. 4/5 14. Becoming: Good song. Not my favorite though. It has good lyrics however. Not very catchy though. 3/5. Well. and wow! Another Great piece from Jewel. She sounds great, she herself loves this album. Same old Jewel writing the mst awesome lyrics. just different sound. She's doing her thing and you are going to love it. It's light and dark but catchy and upbeat. However like i said before if you are a fan of Jewel at all and do not like pop/dance music. Then skip it. Although I do miss the old Jewel a bit. That is what the older albums are for.  I appreciate her keen sense of evolution. I can't even wait to see what she puts out there next. Buy this! Buy this! Buy this! You won't regret it!
1	I really love this song and enjoy having it on my computer and kindle. I like the idea of choosing the songs I want and not having to purchase the entire album.
1	It helps when things on the mind and just encourages to let go and let God handle all the problems
1	This is one of the best "various artists" thing on the market. Blur, Frank Black, Cranberries, The Posies, Jellyfish and OTHERS-what's not to like? The album is a solid collection of exclusive acoustic performances(guitar mostly) of a quality so good you will be amazed.   Too bad that, in the end, Suede with " My Insatiable One" just ruins the whole picture of otherwise acoustic masterpieces by great artists.
1	Found this song looking for the perfect backdrop music for my Mexican Vacation folder on my personal website. It fit the bill perfectly as it is an excellent instrumental spanish guitar peace that does not overwhelm the web browsing experience, but was a delightful addition instead. I've since listened to some more from this artist, and liked most of them, but this particular song is my favorite.
1	This is a great collection of new wave jazz from him. One of the greatest. It is a classic. It's raw and contemporary.  His piano skills are amazing Get this one you won't be disappointed
1	The first time I heard this song, it was during a time where I was sad almost every day. Things were not looking good for me. But the song, the lyrics spoke to me and helped me to cheer up. Very inspirational for me.
1	Typical Hank Williams, Jr. modern country with a serious message.  Makes me proud to be an American.
1	This song has just enough of a mix of pop and funk to sound very enjoyable for everyone who hears it. It's just simple and fun to listen to!
1	My boys favorite song.  They sing this to the top of their lungs. The youngest says " We are fighting the devil when we sing this song Nan!" Anointed !
1	This song sounds great on my Kindle and Roku! I am so glad that I purchased it! It was definitely a great find!
1	I wish more folks knew about Ernest's music. This is not your typical folk artist. Ernest was makin' folk/blues/rock music in the '70's before he launched his composition career in LA. Film scores, television scores, & Emmy's later, he got back to his roots & gave us the opportunity to enjoy where he came from (his "hobby" as he describes it). Listen to this album! It was released nearly a year & 1/2 before Katrina. Besides the prescient title cut, Evangaline, Disturbin' Blues, & Travelin' Shoes should solidify your love of this talented composer, singer, song-writer, and guitarist par excellance!
1	I purchased this album as part of a workshop we presented in my arts fraternity, Gamma Xi Phi.  Listening to it will help the listener to make the connection from the Harlem Renaissance through the Black Arts Movement to the modern era.  Ms. Sanchez presents a work that is smart, bold, witty, and deep.  This was my first time hearing her perform as opposed to reading her work in a book.  As a gay person, I must admit I was taken aback by some of the language in one of the poems, but I had to realize that this was recorded during the Black Arts Movement, a different era and a different consciousness among the reigning black poets of the time.  In spite of that language and those ideas, this is a solid piece of work.
1	This band has a great sound & this is a very unique, fun Christmas song.  Love the stringed instruments & old "big band" feel.
1	The disc came shortly after I ordered it, and has been very impressive ever since.  This young British maestro definitely has this score well under his skin.  The Vienna Philharmonic plays splendedly, especially the lovely ending in the final movement.
1	They just don't make songs like this anymore. Very good song. Recived in great condition.
1	This is perfect rendition. I found this song because it was written about in a book I was reading and I wanted it. I had also heard it on the radio and was looking for the perfect rendition and this is it.
1	Took his course up at the conference center. AMAZING! Changed my life. Increased my biblical understanding by 1000%! You simply can not go wrong with this. and Dan has been teaching this method to students of all types, cultures, countries, and languages for generations. it works, and you will understand it. All material, not a lot of added unnecessary b.s. (sorry) . in other words the focus is the lessons, NOT Dan! If I could buy it for you, I would. If I could put it online for free, I would. But I can't. But it's less than $10, so just get it.
1	Okay, after using that annoying pun, allow me to elaborate a little bit: Lee Greenwood is one hell of a performer!  I have to admit, this is the first album of his I've bought; and no, in case you're wondering, the inclusion of "God Bless the USA" had no effect on my choosing to purchase this CD (it didn't hurt things, though). I'll get right to the album, save ya'll any more small talk.  I was expecting some more of Greenwood's songwriting; after all, "USA" is a superbly written song.  I wasn't expecting these sleek numbers from mainstream Nasvhille songwriters.  That's the bad thing. The good thing is, Greenwood's voice is rich and pure.  He takes these songs- absolutely meaningless and trivial in the hands of any other singer- and turns them into something memorable.  Most of 'em deal with love, of course; "It Almost Makes me Glad" is a heartbreaker, while "One Life to Love" barely avoids the cliche and "When a Woman's in Love" is a fun look at how women feel when their hearts get all fluttery (at least, from a man's perspective).  "Rocks that You Can't Move" is about getting on with life through the hardships; "'Round Here" takes a look at small towns.  And the new excellent, emotional version of "God Bless the USA" is as patriotic and moving as ever. Lee Greenwood isn't trying anything new here.  This is territory that's been traversed before, to be sure.  But his voice is unique; his sense of timing and style is un-matched.  Aside from the excess photography (not badly done, but unnecessary), this album is a musical gem.  It may not be stronger than time, but it's definitely the album of the moment.  So, to continue on with the cliche: seize the moment, and along with it, Lee Greenwood's "Stronger than Time"!
1	Terry Kath in his heyday jamming over a funky vamp before transitioning into Bobby Lamm's bluesy ballad.  Loud, raw, and improvisational Gibson S-G handiwork make this tune my favorite early Chicago piece of work, circa, 1969.
1	Love Ryan Adams. and now I LOVE Taylor Swift.  I bought both CD's!
1	I absolutely LOVE this album. I play it constantly. These songs are just perfect.
1	I'm not a parent (but I play one on TV? ;), but I used to be a nanny. My 2-3yr old twins obsessed over Hi-5, and I have to say, some of their tunes were pretty darn catchy. I downloaded the songs I personally enjoyed more (you know, the ones that got stuck in *my* head all day long, that I could sing along with the show as though I'd written them myself? hah) to make a collection CD out of them, this being one of those songs; I admit, I really didn't mind (too much) having to listen to them every.single.time we got in the car and went somewhere. If I'm going to be forced to listen to something over and over on a daily basis, there are far worse things it could be. If you've got young kids, give this song a whirl.
