1	What is this?  This album is too overated just because of Cobain's passing.  I guess it has a few good songs on it, definately not a great grunge album.  This guy can't sing or play guitar!  And it turns out that Dave Grohl, the drummer, is the talented one in the band after starting his own (Foo Fighters).  If you want a good grunge album, get Stone Temple Pilots Purple or even Core....
1	I don't like this guy's music very much but it's good to see African Americans with Down Syndrome making the jump into entertainment.  This guy could be the Chris Burke of the Afro-American movement.  Keep up the good work, buddy!  We are all very proud of you!
1	Not my type of music
1	In comparison to other mashups that I have heard, this is mediocre at best.  In general I find mashups to be very fun to listen to -- there's a huge variety of interesting rock and hip-hop samples in Feed the Animals... the problem is that they are jammed together unimaginatively and without much artistry.  A great comparison would be to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/As-Heard-on-Radio-Soulwax-Pt-2/dp/B0000636KJ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">As Heard on Radio Soulwax Pt 2</a>, and the other radio soulwax compilations by 2 Many DJs.  Feed the Animals actually uses a lot of the exact same samples and artists, though Girl Talk is much more rap/hip-hop heavy, whereas radio soulwax tends more towards sampling other electronic music and pop.  A majority (but not all) of the transitions on this album are rather abrupt with hard boundaries -- it'll go beat-beat-switch, oh now I'm listening to something entirely different with no tie-in to what I was just hearing other than it has the same tempo.  In comparison, 2 Many DJs tend to creatively blend and layer the tracks into each other, and sometimes reintroduce sounds from 2 or 3 tracks ago to tie it all together.  In summary, this album has a scattering of enjoyable combinations, but they are very brief, end abruptly, and are mixed into the middle of long tracks.  It would have been better to divide this album up into 30 or 40 tracks so that we could excise the small clips that actually work -- the album doesn't play as a cohesive composition anyway.
1	The pacing is so SLOW that a child wouldn't appreciate it. Even, I didn't like the song. Worst $1.07 I ever spent!
1	nothing bunch of pointless trash arin hanson and danny sexbang have single handedly ruined music
1	I expected to get the song i heard on youtube, not this one with half of the lyrics deleted. Not what i wanted at all.
1	I quite like Simple Plan's first two albums and their pop-punk-rock style. I was very disappointed with this new album. The production introduced electrocic elements and backing vocals effects in the first six songs that turned Simple Plan into Backstreet Boys.  From the seventh track (which is very good) on, I could recognize Simple Plan, but most of them are ballads.
1	This version of "Grazing In The Grass" must be a re-recording of the original...  Unfortunately this version has synth in the background and doesn't have the same aural appeal as the actual original 1968 single.
1	It downloaded twice.  I called for credit.  They told me they had issued the credit but when I went to use my account again I notice I had not been issued the credit for this item.
1	Another Hendrix release on poor quality vinyl, side 1 would not play. On closer inspection I notice a small scratch in the record. I returned the album and Amazon replaced it with a second copy, it also skips! After looking closer the record appears to have dimples. This is not the first Hendrix release I have purchased that was defective, I just wish the company that press's the vinyl would take a little more pride in their work. As for the music it is a great concert, maybe a 200 gram pressing was overkill for a concert from 1968. It's worth the price for a nice stereo recording from Hendrix in the era.
1	This is tough.  I really wish this was never released.  I really tried to like this but after about 5 lisitenings I hust can't do it.  The singers voice to me just doesn't work.  I found it not very creative and very limited.  A positive thing is....a cool cover?
1	that's that I was when I heard this record.  Even in concert, Lucinda just seems like such a drag anymore.  I know, her mom died recently, but this whole record is such a downer, and her voice just drones on and on and on.  Give me Lucinda's self titled CD any day over her last 2 records...
1	Will re-rate when I receive a working file. Several of the songs cut out and stop playing. Ridiculous, I've never bought an album with a problem this glaring.
1	I'll keep this review short and sweet; You could not pay me to listen to this song. Pure trash. I downloaded it for free from Google, and quickly deleted it after listening to it for 5 seconds. Zero stars for this trash.
1	this(One Tin Soldier) song that was in the movie Billy Jack was sung by a group called Coven i did NOT like this ONE at all
1	The above 2 reviews are not for the CD B000NQPT66 as shown above. I ordered this CD and it is not acoustic double bass but Techno c**p. Amazon don't want to reply to my email to correct this situation. There is a DVD available Bass Instinct Live in vienna  EAN:5032711068357 (eBay have it - not Amazon as at Jan 2013).
1	Have I been under a rock for the past year-and-a-half or what?!  I didn't even know this track existed!  I have to admit while I am a HUGE Beach Boys fan I find it hard to get excited about anything new by any of the remaining members, even Brian.  That being said, I feel either honored or odd to be the first one to review this single that is going on two years old.  First off, I'm not a Mike Love basher like many fans seem to be.  I'll even admit to having liked "Looking Back With Love", and "Brian's Back" is perhaps my favorite solo Mike Love song and composition. So why is he doing a cover of Springsteen's "Hungry Heart"?  My first thought was--he's going to try to claim co-writer credits for it and try to make some quick cash.  Now the more I listen to it I'm thinking--why not?  It's a nice enough tune, easy for Mike to sing and the Bruce collectors will probably buy it, but by that logic he might as well have recorded "Sugar Magnolia" which in retrospect, may have been a better choice.  Well, if you haven't heard this track, it won't kill you to listen to it but it won't make you wanna yell "Yahoo!" and crack open a brew either.
1	The DVD will not play  this is not the first time this has happened.  Why do you keep sending dvd's that won't play. When ordered there was nothing special said about thie DVD.  I am getting very upset about this  Mary  Will you please respond to my complaint, I want to return for refund  I did not intend this as a review, need to return
1	This CD contains software that has been described by security experts as a ROOTKIT. The DRM (Digital Rights Management - Copy Protections software) this CD installs on your Windows computer creates a serious security hole which may be exploited by hackers.  You can listen to it in your CD player, but DON'T listen to it in your PC.  Sony has provided instructions on how to transfer this CD to your IPOD.  * Don't do it on a Windows PC * Reason: If you follow the instructions Sony provides, your PC will be infected with the flawed DRM.  Best keep this (otherwise nice) CD as far away from your PC as possible.
1	Please update it to the new National Anthem that Libya has now. As after the liberating Libya from Qaddafi this Anthem has changed
1	Not worth the money, unless you absolutely need every track. Not actually a song.
1	Really misleading..it's more of a 10 minute show than a full length one. Lots of behind the scenes talk but that's about it.
1	I am a huge Down fan and their first 2 cd's are classics.  Down 3 had mediocre soundwriting and Phil's vocal chords were shot, much like Brian Johnson's have been in AC/DC since Thunderstruck.  Still, I ran out yesterday and bought the Down IV cd...but something was wrong.  The engineering and mixing were so bad and the volume so low, I actually returned it to the store thinking the cd itself was defective and got a replacement!  To my surprise it was not the cd, but the horrible engineering, mixing and production job done on this EP.  I'm used to sludge mixing with bands like The Sword and High On Fire, but this is ridiculous.  I've heard better audio from local bands demo cd's.  The guitars sound like they were recorded 500 yards away from the studio and you cannot make out a single actual bass guitar note, just an occasional added thump of a low E accompanying the murky drums (you can hear snare and bass drum, still can't hear a tom tom at all).  I get that Phil and the guys want to have a jam feel like Kyuss and early Queens of the Stone Age, but actually go back and listen to those bands and you can hear they were trying for the best production values they could afford.  Phil and Pepper spent $10 on this recording...and got robbed of $9.00!!!  The whole cd sounds like it was engineered with a Mute button accidentally on during the recording.  My car stereo has decent thump to it, but this cd had to be cranked to twice the normal volume just to hear it.  Literally it sounds like your friends' band setup a 1980's tape recorder in the corner of their garage and pressed Record while they practiced.  Yes Lamb of God has the big budget and can afford a producer like Machine, but even Amon Amarth, who will never have the $$$ Phil Anselmo does, can afford a modern, clear sounding record where every instrument can be heard.  I own 3 Down shirts, every cd (no pirating), and am about to see Down for the third time in concert this Monday night...but Mr. Anselmo, you really should refund the $7.99 I paid for this.  There are good songs buried on this cd, but good luck trying to resurrect them from the worst mixing job in music history.
1	The album is a classic... but the sound on this record is absolutely attrocious. Stick with a MP3 or CD version of thiss one.
0	I have all three Pat cds and i cant wait for the fourth to come out.  Pat is just incredible.  I just heard him preform at the Nation in DC over the weekend and he is even better live! Every song is amazing and i could never  pick a favorite.
0	Nice song, Mr. Grey will see you now.
0	My son turned me on to this musician.  Saw him in concert and we weren't the only gray hairs there. CD contains all the favorites and then some.  He sounds a little like a young Bob Dylan.
0	I have become a big fan of Konstantin and his band. This album lets me know that he realizes he shouldn't get away from what has made him a huge smooth jazz star. The last album I bought, which I believe was released last year was just terrible. But this one redeems him. Go check the smoothness for yourself!
0	Awesome song.
0	Love this song.  Too bad I can't hit the high notes like her though LOL.  Sing Minnie.  God Bless her soul
0	Very good compilation. Good vender.
0	Fantasic album.
0	Good song
0	Very soothing for our dog, puts him to sleep in the crate. I bought volume 3 as well.
0	Outstanding
0	Amazing, innovative and forward-thinking music!  Aside from the musical material, I especially love the LP-style "warmth" that Rudy Van Gelder achieved in the album's sound.
0	cant stop listening to this!
0	Nothing new here.  This disc is from an old seed, recently planted, resulting in familiar fruit.  This is cast iron skillet music made with nanotechnology.  The Blue Ridge Rangers (1973) was old music recorded by a young artist.  Rides Again (2009) is the same guy singing different songs the following weekend, except that its three and a half decades later.  Dear John.  Whenever you're ready.  More, Please.
0	Good song really like it
0	Very good selection of classical music.  It's not cheaply done and all of the sounds come out beautifully.  Good buy at a great price.
0	It's true,  I know of at least one other artist who was in distribution at the time of the all too brief appearance of Spanish Fly (& Company).  I actually played both of them on my latin music program during the same period of time,  although the only song I could stomach on the other cd was "Daddy's Home".  It was performed both in Spanish and English and I liked it a lot.  But I couldn't help thinking,  if people go out and buy this other Spanish Fly solo artist thing,  the cd is so awful... that it will probably kill the career of the group Spanish Fly (& Company) which I like so much.  I figured at that moment that I had seen the beginning... and the end,  in the same moment,  of a great group. Unfortunately,  that is exactly what happened.   I actually looked everywhere for information about this group.  A local club had promised me space to bring them to town to perform.  I guess that I was already too late.   The artists performing on this album are very talented,  polished,  and the quality of the studio work and song writing was equal to the quality of the musician's work.  It is clear that the major record label which had released their album must had thought simularly as this was not a rushed piece of work.   There are all kinds of influences,  obvious opportunities for songs that could have been released as hits in Spanish as well as in English markets.  Everything is here.  In fact,  barring the bad choice of names,  the timing was probably perfect for a group like this to arrive.   But there goes fate.  As a lasting legacy there is this excellent sound recording.  It is filled with South American Rhythms and Andean imagery.  And there is even a seductively easy-going, summer-like song of love to close the set out,  "Enamorada" (In Love).  There are some things for which one does not need a lot of Spanish to understand and appreciate.   This is one of them.
0	Wonderful and a fun album! Play it a party and enjoy!
0	Song is a classic.
0	I ordered Native Summer and this CD, Taken' It Home at the same time and there was nothing that I saw to tell me that they were the same CD's.  I like Joe Cano's style of playing but I do not need two of the same CD.
0	Jackie can really sings anything, what a talent!
0	Very good song Tears in Heaven by Eric Clapton.  I recommend this song.
0	This is the beginning Ed's 2nd chapter in his solo career since the split up with Live and I gotta say I'm extremely impressed.  I feel that the quality of the songs have vastly improved over his solo album "Alive", which I thought was also good.  Whereas "Alive" felt rushed in a number of ways, "The Garden EP" feels completely opposite.  It appears that Ed and his producer Jamie Candiloro took their time in the creation of these songs.  Standouts for me are "The Garden" and "Solar Flare".  "I'm the Proof" is a quality song that I feel lost something during production compared to when I heard it in concert a few months ago (I think it's the chorus where Ed's voice is recorded over Ed's voice multiple times.  I'll admit though that my knowledge of production is limited).  "Rise" is a good pop-rock song that appears to be written about his old bandmates and bad feelings that still exist there.  Ed also did a cover of John Lennon's "Mind Games" and his voice is spectacular in it.  I'm not a fan of remixes, so those didn't really do anything for me but I bought the EP for the regular versions of the songs so it didn't bother me one way or the other.  Looking forward to the rest of the album which is due out in Spring 2013.
0	some great songs on there.
0	This is one of those albums that three or four notes in, I already loved it. The musicians are top notch and the singer is really good too.
