0	ok
0	When I first bought Zen Breakfast I was very pleased, great music for studying, reading or just chilling out. I was so satisfied that I bought two more disks from Karunesh, those were "Joy of Life" and "Call of The Mystic".  They were great too. Actually my favorite is Joy of Life. I've been studying for a very demanding exam this past 6 months, the only thing that gets me studying is Karunesh... I was so happy with my studying music that I decided to buy another disk from them, it was Nirvana Cafe... total disaster, horrible instruments kept disturbing my mind while studying. So I decided to just erase it from my playlist. I totally recommend Karunesh, it's the best, but not Nirvana Cafe.
1	Best treat we have
0	When this song first came out and was so popular, I wasn't a fan. As time went on, it has grown on me. It takes me back to a time where radio stations played hard rock along with folk, pop, etc. I have come to appreciate James voice and message.
0	Download unavailable once on computer.
0	Badfinger Fan MUST be a shill. This remake SUCKS. The vocalist is so bad they put a doubler on his voice to hide his pitch problems. The first measure after the intro starts a fraction late to the tempo. I've heard this piece of $#@& before, but the sample Amazon posts is from the middle of the song, and I'm almost certain is from the original. I may never order music from Amazon again.
1	Great song by Amy Grant.  Great beat, powerful words, beautiful melody.  This song is somewhat laid back but yet very inspiring at the same time.  Kudos to Amy.
0	This song is a great way to unwind. I found it on a youtube video with a little boy talking about being bullied. It really struck a chord with me and I found it. After seeing his video with it - it's a great reminder about the strength and fragility of children. Song alone, very good for meditation or yoga.
1	I am only reviewing the vinyl version of this, and not the music.  We've had two of these sent to us, and both had obvious imperfections in the vinyl. Causing the needle to jump or repeat.
1	Head banging horrid !  I thought I would find something spiritual and uplifting.....Guess I am too old, but I only found what sounded like heavy metal and lyrics I could not begin to make out.  No musicality involved.  Would never recommend this.
0	I've had difficulty sleeping since my husband passed away and had typically used just a soothing, quiet music type cd to fall asleep to. After reading the description, and in Time Magazine no less, I felt confident that this was going to be a better option than just plain old soothing music. Boy was I wrong. The voice and words Prince uses are lame and the second cd that I choose to purchase with the first, was even more disappointing. It was suppose to be for Health and Fitness. What a "crock" it is identical, I mean identical to the first, only Prince may say a word or two about how you should eat healthy and exercise. Give me a break,I feel like I was totally deceived and ripped off. I will surely not recommend this to my friends! I will continue to listen to my 7 dollar soothing music cd and toss Prince's.....
0	Disappointing after seeing her perform with Big Brother and the Holding Company. The live in Germany DVD is far superior.
1	I really miss The Black Keys.
0	Not quite what I hoped for.
1	great music for branding video
1	This is a very great gospel song, It is a song i listen to every morning. Best gospel song I've heard this entire year...
0	Fantastic song!
1	The Blu-rayzs and DVDs are suppose to be 24/96 and flat transfer of original LP was to  be 24/192 resolution most are 24/48 False advertising. Steve Wilson gives us our money back or release an amended Blu-ray  disc with 24/96 and 24/192 as the internal book reads. SOOOOOOOO disappointed!
1	didn't like it,
0	This is terrible. Anything by this artist should have never gotten popular what so ever. Its so overplayed & way overrated.
0	Wow, he has really lost his voice.  This is not what I expected.  I should have previewed the song before buying.
0	Stormwitch is an obscure german metal band from the 1980s that is criminally ignored today. These guys were every bit as good as Iron Maiden. They had serious chops, creativity, and an amazing ability to write hooks. This album, The Beauty and the Beast, from 1988, is certainly one of their best albums.  The songs here sound VERY classical, and even medieval at times. The epic guitar solo in "Emerald Eye" is strikingly similar to Randy Rhoads's solo in "Mr. Crowley" (however, it is still unique). "Tears by the Firelight" is an acoustic ballad that sounds like it would fit right in during the middle ages in a castle court. These guys are pure VIRTUOSOS.  The varied themes of the songs on this album are incredibly unique, and the actual music perfectly matches the theme of each respective song. "Tigers of the Sea," a major favorite of mine, sounds rowdy and adventurous, and the chord progression in it actually sounds similar to music you might imagine hearing in a Carribbean tavern in the 17th century. "Russia's on Fire" has some choir singing in it that reminds me of the cold, barren, snowy, wind-sculpted tundras of Russia, and "Cheyenne (Where the Eagles Retreat)" has a very tribal-sounding guitar riff, very much like the music of Native American cultures.  This music is simply magical. It transports you to a world of fantasy and myth, and that spirit is overflowing from the musical fabric of every song on this album, especially in "Emerald Eye." This album is a stunning work of art, and should be heard by everyone and anyone - especially by metalheads.
1	Truly beautiful version of a truly beautiful song.
1	This CD is billed as cruising music; however it would be better described as a blues CD. Sarah performs the entire album with a six string and a very bluesy voice. Overall the songs are about boats and people but very little content to get you motivated. I would recommend you listen to it before you spend money on it..
0	meghan trainor is worst fake musician in production to date (it'll probably get worse)...another sample of manufactured pop music.  No soul, no talent, all computer synthesized garbage!
1	you know why I don't like it anymore.
0	This cd will have you moving to beats.  All of the songs are great and the production is top quality!
0	This CD and the other Nickelback CD's I've bought are heavily compressed. I've been looking at the waveforms and there is a TON of clipping also. I'm very disappointed. I want my money back.
1	This is the type of song that lets you know the singer isn't pretending and isn't afraid that some weenie is going to make fun of it.
1	Whatever happened to music? These bands are killing music. The world of music is so sad today. This garbage is shovelling music as we know it in it's grave...
1	Just love this gal's voice but love the message she is sending even more!
1	Where's the Gospel in this song? Our faith in Jesus Christ overcomes the world, not baptism. Baptism is essential in signifying being buried with Christ, but it's not what saves us. This song places the spotlight on baptism ALONE as a) what encourages us in persecution (verse 1) b) keeps us from temptation (verse 2) and c) gives us a vague insight on how to maybe get to heaven.  Maybe Kyle Matthews was successful at pleasing the artsy sentimental crowd, but he failed at evangelizing the listener.
0	The new insurance commercial reminded me about this song, so I bought it. The new insurance commercial reminded me about this song, so I bought it.
1	perfect for use to balance a shaky table on an un level floor
1	Years ago I was having dinner with a somewhat famous NYC personality who told me that their most exciting night in the 60's was seeing the Supremes on opening night at the Copa.  Since the Supremes appeared there for the first time in 1965,  both Motown and Black artists have made incredible strides to Super Stardom, but we forget how historic this event was.  I absolutely love this album!  I love the energy the synergy of the original Supremes, the band, the harmonies and the audience response.  People have complained about the standards but it has always been common for both jazz and r&b artists to perform standards and the Supremes do them very well.  Both Diana's lead and the harmonies on Make Someone Happy give me chills.  They are cooking on rock a bye your baby.  I much prefer the totally live full concert on the second CD.  From the opening number of From this Moment on, the group shows why they reigned Supreme and why all three can take responsibility in moving a little private r&b company towards the legacy it holds today.
1	Just adore it.
1	Awesome!
1	Concert quality and sound.
0	Should be called "this comedians a hack" I would hope a "professional" stand up could outsmart an audience member.
1	My daughter loves this band and was so excited to get this Deluxe Edition.
1	The music is pleasant - Hal's voice is easy to listen to. I would like it better if he would leave Music Roads Records which is owned by Kelcy Warren, the man that is building the Trans-Pecos Pipeline, the Dakota Access Pipeline, and the Comanche Pipeline. Hal should join Jackson Brown and defy Mr. Warren. Fight the good fight for the earth.
0	Awesome music if you are into contemporary country and good music collaboration. These young men have a bright future in music.
0	My favorite song. I use it as a ring tone and ring back tone. I have so many compliments.
0	If you like the song on the radio, then you'll like the download. I liked it but I don't listen to it any longer.
0	Nothing special about the song. Can't stand the singer at all. Yuck. This ain't the one but her husband got away free at last !
1	As in all of Gary Duncan's post - Quicksilver Messenger Service albums albeit a short one (approx. 40 min.), this CD never fails to please, entertain & enlighten. Falls in the same jamming vein as his old QMS. Sounds like a crisp, live all-Instrumental recording of Gary's band at their best, interpreting the Groove & Blues of the Inner City - with a T. Monk staple sandwiched in between. And as always, Gary's cool Psychedelic/Jazz Stratocaster guitar playing is at it's tastiest. If you haven't been to the Big City for awhile, this one will surely take you right there - even while you are kicking back in your easy chair taking in the beautiful Countryside. Oh, BTW ....The Native on the cover playing the Bamboo Flute isn't Gary Duncan, and is not within the tracks at all - although it would be very cool if he was. The significance of the cover pic is known only to Gary himself & his great sense of Humor. BUY !!!
1	Fuzzy psychedelic sounds for all the merry marauders around.
1	Beautiful song, used during our wedding.
1	I love the CD, seems like Jay really worked hard and everyone sounds GREAT!!! I loved hearing lil Sky on there also :) Faith
1	One of the better songs of my home land.
1	Despite having no warning otherwise in the product description, this is a censored version of Gaffigan's routine.  There is absolutely no excuse for this; listening to censored comedy is just [dead air]ing pointless!
1	Classic Dave.
0	This is the best musical to come along in a very long time.  I listen to this endlessly.
0	Obviously Mr. Green (see review below from the canadian, T. Green) does not understand music. While the Bum Bum song is cutting edge, I do not feel that it has the diversity nor staying power of a classic such as the White  Album. Therfore, I would not rate the Bum Bum song as being better than the  White Album (although it is close) Thank you.
1	I've never actually heard of this movie. I'm curious if it is as good as the sound track. The music is something you can put on and enjoy while doing any number of activities. It is uptempo enough to keep you going at a good pace.
0	Sound quality is PERFECT!  This is one of the most inspiring songs I have ever heard. I have it on my Kindle and my Iphone.
0	Awesome song..
1	sounds awesome and love the song would recommend to anyone who wants this single song to download it from here
1	I love this song! One of my favorite artists. I hope to hear more soon and I am sure the songs will be good.
1	Love it
0	Except the by-now familiar Cervetti [I have all his records], this CD could have been called Noise from East to West.  Extraordinarily uninteresting cacophony, reflective of what the Academy calls "music" nowadays.
1	Awesome Christmas collection for extremely cheap (at least when I got it)! 13+ hours insures that you have plenty of Christmas music for any gathering and variety and good mix too! :D
0	This is the first I heard Andrea sing anything popular.  Love the song!!  Would purchase more songs from Andrea Bocelli!!
0	sounded nice in theory.  Amazon failed to download four different times.  I checked my boosted FIOS internet speed on two independent websites and had 151Mb/s download speeds.  This download timed out every time and gave me a network error.  I tried the zipped album, individual songs, using chrome and even in the Amazon music app.  Some free offer.  Thanks for nothing, but I did learn why I have no interest in Amazon music services.
1	Great recording! Steve Green's performance of "Thou Who Wast Rich" is out of this world!
1	Pieces is an AMAZING song!  Love Rob Thomas!!
0	I've listened to this a couple times, trying to figue out what the appeal is.  This is nothing but heavy pop rock.
0	Would love to get an idea of this beloved artist's new music, but not allowed...and $22 w/o even a sample. Don't think so. Knopfler is really cool but not so cool that I'll order w/o any sample like I have and always will with Dylan, Morrison, Young & Mitchell.
1	What a great song!
0	I love it very much.
0	Interesting piece of rock history. Enjoyed it thoroughly. Strong songs. Wish there was more!
0	A great freebie from our friends at Amazon.  This is one of the best ways to try out new stuff.
0	Ida Presti and her husband Alexandre Lagoya formed what has been called the greatest duo in the history of the classical guitar.  They were to the duo what Segovia was to the solo instrument: they innovated technically and musically and made something like fifteen world tours, inspiring nearly all the best modern composers to write for the medium, while at the same time generating an entire new body of transcriptions from instruments such as the harpsichord.  They also inspired and taught several other duos who are now among the best in the World, including&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Ako-Ito-Henri-Dorigny/dp/B0017TYAJA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Ako Ito & Henri Dorigny</a>&nbsp;and the Athenian Duo (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Evangelos-Liza/dp/B00002ZZKL/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Evangelos & Liza</a>).  Their fame and impact were still accelerating when, on a tour of the United States in 1967, Ida Presti was taken suddenly ill and died.  She was forty-two.  Presti/Lagoya's early recordings were on French RCA, and these were also issued as a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/boxed-set/dp/B00004UR1N/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">boxed set</a>&nbsp;(in 1995, RCA 7 43212 58662), but quickly deleted*.  However, the sound quality was mediocre, and many of the tracks were re-recorded for Philips, and are included on the present album.  This is certainly one of the most brilliant classical guitar albums ever put together.  The range and beauty of the the duo's sound is ravishing, their musicality is a joy to hear, and their togetherness was unequalled until the advent of today's Assad brothers.  It's hard to pick a highlight, but one such must certainly be the astonishing "Chaconne in G Major" by Handel, consisting of 22 variations on a ground bass with each variation played with a different tone colour.  I was fortunate enough to catch a Presti/Lagoya concert at London's Wigmore Hall.  I'd never seen anything like it, and I still haven't, even after twenty years as a concert reviewer.  No one with any affection for the classical guitar should be without this album.  Contents:  DISC 1  1) Scarlatti: Sonata, K. 380, L. 23 2) Bach: English Suite N 3, BWV 808: Courante 3) Bach: English Suite N 3, BWV 808: Allemande 4) Bach: English Suite N 3, BWV 808: Prelude 5-8) Marella: Suite N 1 in A Major 9) Granados: Spanish Dance N  2, Orientale, Op. 37 10) Albniz, I.: Piezas caractersticas, Op. 92: Danza 11) Soler: Sonata in D Major, R 84 12) Galls: Sonata in B Minor 13) Soler: Sonata in D Minor 14-15) Sor: L'encouragement, Op. 34 16) Falla: La vida breve: Spanish Dance N 1 17) Granados: Goyescas, Op. 11: Intermezzo 18) Albniz: Espaa, Op. 165: Tango 19-21) Rodrigo: Tonadilla  DISC 2  1-3) Haydn: Concerto in G, N 2 4-6) Vivaldi: Concerto in C, RV 425 7-9) Vivaldi: Concerto in G, RV 532 10-12) Marcello: Concerto in D Minor 13) Handel: Chaconne in G Major, HWV 435 14) Handel: Fugue in G Major 15) Handel: Allegro in D Minor, HWV 432  DISC 3  1) Scarlatti, D.: Sonata, K. 173, L. 447 2) Giazotto "Albinoni": Adagio 3) Pasquini: Canzone in E Minor 4) Marcello: Andante in D Minor 5) Debussy: Suite Bergamesque: Clair de lune 6) Petit: Toccata 7) Poulenc: Improvisation in E Minor, N 12 8) Falla: Ritual Fire Dance 9) Castelnuovo-Tedesco: Prelude & Fugue N 4 in E Major 10) Presti: Etude Fantasque 11) Petit: Tarantelle 12-14) Carulli: Serenade in G Major, Op. 96, N 3 15-17) Paganini: Sonata concertata  The Adagio long attriuted to Albinoni is now known to be be Giazotto.  SHEET MUSIC  The duo's transcriptions were done by M. Lagoya.  He didn't publish them for a very long while because (he told me in 1981) of some bad experiences with publishers when he was young; but he acknowledged his intention to publish eventually "so that all guitarists can benefit".  Now, with the cooperation of his estate, Brben are gradually issuing meticulous and beautifully printed versions.  So far these include:  Vol. 1 Handel: Chaconne, Fugue & Allegro Vol. 2 Bach: Preludes and Fugues from "The Well-Tempered Clavier" Vol. 3 Bach: English & French Suites (BWV 807, 808 & 816) Vol. 4&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Scarlatti-Sonatas/dp/B0064RUH9C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Scarlatti: Sonatas</a>&nbsp;K.4, 87, 96, 159 173 & 380 Vol. 5 12 Baroque Masterpieces (Vivaldi, Albinoni, Giazotto, Marella, Pasquini, F. Couperin, Galls, C.P.E. Bach, A. Marcello, B. Marcello & Soler) Vol. 6 Presti: Original Works for Two Guitars  Not all are carried by Amazon; you could Google the others.  UPDATE 2008  This album, long out of print, is completely subsumed by the six-CD set&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/L-Art-de-Alexandre-Lagoya/dp/B0002IRXZ0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">L'Art de Alexandre Lagoya</a>&nbsp;(French Philips 4762356).  The latter clocks in at 7 hours 55 minutes, of which 3 hours 41 minutes are the Presti/Lagoya recordings.  The balance seems to be Lagoya's complete output for Philips, minus Albniz's "Mallorca" and the Diabelli "Sonata in A Major" (both from "Le gentilhomme de la guitare").  It is not cheap, but I found it worth buying even though I already have the Presti/Lagoya set.  Your mileage may differ, of course.  *UPDATE 2013  The Istituto Discografico Italiano has reissued some of the early Robert J. Vidal RCA recordings.  <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Ida-Presti-Alexandre-Lagoya-1/dp/B008S87R9I/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Ida Presti & Alexandre Lagoya 1</a> <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Ida-Presti-Alexandre-Lagoya-2/dp/B00AL7OOJU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Ida Presti & Alexandre Lagoya 2</a> <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Ida-Presti-Alexandre-Lagoya-3/dp/B00S8S9N8Q/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Ida Presti & Alexandre Lagoya 3</a>
0	One of 19 items you have listed that I purchased But did not purchase! Never even looked at! Guess I better check my bill.
1	More Christmas Music?  Why would I order Christmas music oin February?  Please reverse this "purchase".  It gives me a bad taste in my mouth about my new Amazon Kindle.  I am beginning to be afraid to use it.
1	Satisfied
1	Sounds like someone doing a parody of an awful cover of a song.  Just because a talented person adds their take on it doesn't make it good.
1	I know Rob's fans are a rabid lot (I know cos I count myself among them); so it pains me to say this new album is a disappointment. Don't get me wrong, it's quite enjoyable.. but nothing special. I had reservations before the release having read an old interview where Rob apparently says he doesn't give a s**t about music anymore, he's into making films now. Fair enough, he's been making music a long time now. Maybe it's understandable that he's tired of it and more interested in doing something new... Okay..so stick to the movies Rob. This album sounds tired and uninspired to me. Was it a contractual requirement ? I don't know. Even the artwork for the cd is lacking.. Remember how you could pour over a White Zombie / Rob Zombie cover/booklet for ages ? Maybe I have it all wrong.. I just don't feel any heart in this latest album. If Rob does continue to make music, I hope it rocks better than this..
0	Rush, need I say more
1	"Mother Freedom" was missing from the greatest hits collection I already owned on CD, so I purchased the MP3 version to complete my collection. It is excellent quality, and is a close match to sound to that of the CD that has all of their other hits.
1	Surprised to hear these classic songs interpretted by Dylan, but he and the musicians did a great job.  Pretty mellow collection.
1	I love this song. It's so smooth and hits the Love nail on the head. When you're yearning for a duet that ooze the definition of romance, this would be it!
1	This IS the remaster and has been brick walled (loudness compression). I took a chance and lost, I found a 1991 release on an auction site to replace it.
0	This is one of the greatest tunes of the year, if not - ever. However, I ordered this cd thinking it had the clean mix on it, but it dosent, so now I get to buy another copy of this cd.
0	The Rossini transcriptions are delightful, very melodious and sweet. But the real attraction here is the Frank Bridge variations, because Britten brings so much variety to them. Curiously, the theme itself is lifeless, almost shapeless, even. But the variations take in a march, a pseudo-Italian aria, a Viennese waltz, a noisy funeral procession, and so on. It's very inventive, and the present performances are quite well played. An excellent pairing.
0	This is nothing more than the Glee cast doing a bad Karaoke performance while listening to Jonathan Coultan's version of Baby Got Back in the background. Check out Jonathan Coultan's version if you want to hear the real thing instead of this cheap imitation.
0	Love the song. Also the meaning. Great for Zumba. It moves you and makes you want to dance. Feel it.
0	I heard this on THE FOLLOWING and loved the sound on a somewhat different take of the song. I found it quite haunting, yet soothing.  After chasing it down on YouTube, I ordered it from Amazon, who carries everything and has not let me down!  Check out anything you want first from Amazon. Last week I found my vanilla flavoring from Mexico. Lucky me!
1	I would love review this cd but, after I can't find it on my computer.  Help!
1	Good Song
1	I've been getting into a lot of alternative, r&b, and country artists who sing Christian music lately. I enjoy them all but sometimes forget how much I enjoy good clean Christian pop with slick soulfulness and smooth  vocals. That's why I'm so glad I bought this CD. Bryan Duncan's music has  really touched my life over the years though I never owned a CD of his till  I bought "Love Takes Time".  The song 'A Heart Like Mine' made me  want to cry the first time I heard it; it is absolutely a beautiful song,  and at the time I first heard it I was going through one of those days when  I felt unworthy/unloved and then here's Bryan singing about God's amazing  love for us no matter what we are like. I was bawling needless to say. 'You  Don't Leave Me Lonely' has the same effect; like 'A Heart Like Mine', it is  a gorgeous smooth production of a song. When you think about people you  love who died or you lost contact with them, the lyrics of 'You Don't Leave  Me Lonely' just lifts you up when you feel sad about how much you miss  them.  Those songs are my two favorite Duncan songs, but every other hit  song from his past albums that has been collected here on "Love Takes  Time" is wonderful. What makes Duncan's songs so powerful and touching  to the heart is that he has a smooth polished voice without any scratchy or  raw sound to it, yet it is still a powerful voice without any weakness even  so. He combines the voice with the slick smooth soul sound of the music,  and it just sounds so beautiful together that I feel like crying thinking  about the awesome love of God and the beauty of Duncan's songs. Duncan's  music is inspiring and life changing; "Love Takes Time" is  definitely worth every penny you spend on it.
1	This is one of MP3's that my husband listen to while we are going to sleep at night!  I love it & Tim McGraw!  Can't wait to get Faith Hill's MP3!!  Highly recommend!
0	"Masta" is one of four&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Samurai-Champloo/dp/B000FC2EXE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Samurai Champloo</a>&nbsp;soundtracks. The album kicks things off with 'Vagrancy,' the funky organ tune that is featured so prominently on the Samurai Champloo DVD menus. Given the eclectic nature of the music, an exact genre or musical style is difficult to pin down. "Masta" is a combination of instrumental music that combines jazz, dance, ambient and hip-hop aesthetics. Despite Force of Nature playing half the songs and Tsutchie doing the rest, there is a great diversity even within these two entities. For example, 'Loading Zone' is a tribute to 70s funk; 'Paranoid' is trance music under the house banner; 'The Long Way of the Drums' is a fantastic drum piece; 'New Dimension' could qualify as electronica; 'You' is Japanese R&B; As if torn out a page of Medeski Martin and Wood's playbook, 'Numbernine (Back In TYO)' is funky jazz. As if to make an eclectic exclamation mark, the mood ranges as wildly as the genres. The vibe alternates between relaxed, dark, funky, rockin' and tripped out. 'You' is the odd man out on this album. Being the one track with vocals, the R&B sensibility is a stain on otherwise chillin' album. It's hard to imagine that 'You' was one of two singles to be released from the Samurai Champloo series. Comparing "Masta" with the other four Japanese soundtracks, I'd put this in third place. I'd rank them all in the following order: 1) "<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Departure/dp/B000G8BGSQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Departure</a>," 2) "<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Impression/dp/B000BD132U/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Impression</a>," 3) "Masta" and 4) "<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Playlist/dp/B000G89T58/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Playlist</a>." All in all, "Masta" is colorful ride through urban groove.  Since Amazon doesn't list the tracks, they can be found below.  1) Force Of Nature - "Vagrancy" - 3:08 2) Force Of Nature - "Mist" - 3:44 3) Force Of Nature - "Judgment On" - 3:03 4) Force Of Nature - "Loading Zone" - 4:29 5) Force Of Nature - "Paranoid" - 3:21 6) Force Of Nature - "Silver Children" - 3:56 7) Force Of Nature - "The Long Way Of Drums" - 2:24 8) Force Of Nature - "Sneak Chamber" - 3:15 9) Force Of Nature - "New Dimension" - 3:15 10) Tsutchie - "Raw Material" - 4:52 11) Tsutchie - "Dry" - 4:20 12) Tsutchie - "Breeezin'" - 4:20 13) Tsutchie - "Tubed [Drum Please!!!]" - 4:31 14) Tsutchie - "Pretending To..." - 4:32 15) Tsutchie - "Seventythree (I Ask)" - 4:48 16) Tsutchie - "I Sighed" - 3:44 17) Tsutchie - "Sincerely" - 4:48 18) Tsutchie - "Numbernine (Back In TYO)" - 3:27 19) Tsutchie - "You" - 4:57
0	Really disappointed.  I love Barbra's voice, and it is still absolutely stellar (understatement), but the voices of the 'partners' are either too weak and almost flat compared to the original pairings, or just don't match the song (too operatic).  It seems like the only vocally decent male singers in today's music are Country singers...I don't really like Country, but that's my opinion. Barbra's notes still sound sweet, pure, and in perfect pitch.
0	Amazing CD, If your a Head Banger then I think you'll really like it.
0	I don't think Jewel is a sell out.  Her songs are still moving and just as poetic as her other cds but I feel that the new pop/dance music drowns out her unique voice.  I don't think the music fits with the lyrics.
0	I didn't like this CD.....too much rap for my taste.  I was hoping there would be more of a mix of music styles.
0	They tried, but it didn't sound like the original hit recording to my ears. I need proof that it is.
1	I obtained this disc back in the middle 80's.  The performance and recording, as far as these 2 Brahms pieces go is a level of playing as good as anything in my entire collection.  The recording has MASSIVE dynamic range.  I've never seen another SEFEL disc in a store anywhere.  SEFEL has issued this recording with a few different album covers, but the music is the same.  The individualists (Verhey/Starker) play their instruments superbly, a level of clarity here captured wonderfully, superior to say (Karajan/Mutter/Menesis) somewhat congested and shrill to harsh DG BPO recording.  The Amsterdam Phil play with world class ensemble, although I don't know anything about them (still exist?) and the tempos and orchestral achievement are world class.  Let's hope a few people can obtain this recording, Brahms lovers in particular.
1	Rated appropriately.
0	I really like to support wholesome music. I thought this was a clean song and would love it if they came out with an edited version.
1	I first heard The Lord's Supper on a vinyl back in the 80's and have been trying to get a copy ever since, and had come to the conclusion that this was out of print, but was thrilled to find the CD still available through Amazon. Although recorded in the late 70's and lyric's taken from liturgies dating back several centuries, even today, this album still has a wonderful ability to move one deeply and profoundly, and the recording has a wonderful flow from track to track, almost making this a concept album, needing to be listened too from start to finish, as many best of John Michael Talbot has track's taken from the original - Lord's Supper, which are wonderful, the album works best as a whole.  If you are looking to be swept away to music and lyrics that are so profound in its orchestral arrangement, superb guitar and a choir obviously thrilled to be apart of this project, I can sincerely recommend getting this album. John Michael Talbot, is able to weave complex lyrics to truly beautiful melodies, and his voice if full of honest conviction and is remarkably inspiring. The Lord's Supper is, for me one of the best with every track, consecutively, moving the listener into a closer experience with what the Lords Supper is all about, for me this is on of his best albums, and it is a huge bonus that Sparrow has also included the album Be Exalted, on this CD, filled with old favorites and also a treat to listen too, although not as coherent as the Lord's Supper, but still wonderful.  As I said it has been some years since I listened to this album, and although it has been 20 something years, putting this CD on, just swept me away and it is for me as wonderful today as it was when I first heard it.
0	Can not download to my media player.  Talked to Samjit and Armar in your customer service department, and they really tried to help me, but it did not help.
0	One of my very favourite moments in the history of providing the Official Room 101 of Amazon was my review of Susan Boyle's debut album, that two ton turd of a record that had idiots falling over themselves trying to praise it, with laughable and often baffling use of hyperbole to describe Susan's voice, as if hearing it could cure the sick, make Israel and Palestine have a group-hug and drag Princess Diana back from Hell.  And so slating it (as, indeed, it richly deserved) was ever so much fun, simply for the upset and anger it caused to the musically ignorant and reality show brainwashed. So, with that in mind, there was no way I was going to miss the opportunity of reviewing her new album. Especially when, and get this, it's easily worse than the first.  Described as a "Gift to her fans" (I don't remember ever having to PAY for a gift before..?), the makers of this album seem to think that slowing every song down so damn much that it barely has a pulse, then adding a backing orchestra = haunting beauty. When in fact, all it does is make quite possibly the most boring album of the year. Boyle's voice is admittedly nice enough, but there's no way she can hold your attention for more than a minute, especially on these flat and, frankly, tedious songs.  And whilst before it was the Stone's "Wild Horses" being given the Boyle treatment, this time its Lou Reed's dedication to being ripped to the gills on heroin, Perfect Day. Somehow the stripped back charm and honesty of the original is lost in Boyle's brainless, overblown honk. There's no depth in the vocal, no sense of humility in the "I wish I was someone else, someone good" line - nothing. She could be reading the back of a Cornflakes box for the range of emotion she gives out here.  Oh, and look - there's also 2008's X Factor song, Leonard Cohen's "Hallelujah", for the 12 people in the world who aren't sick to death of it by now. It's funny the phrase "you don't really care for music, do ya?" is still included, as it pretty much sums up the mentality of anyone who actually buys these horrible records in the first place.  Anyway, throw in another cover of Crowded House's "Don't Dream It's Over (when listening to it, that's all I did) and six Christmas carols that will, honestly, have you weeping into your hands and eying up that bottle of bleach under the sink. Your life has not hit rock bottom until you sit through "Away in a Manger" (seriously, that is actually on this album) by Susan Boyle.  The real facepalm moment comes in at the third track, as its a duet with newcomer Amber Stassi. You won't know who she is, so let me explain. Susan put out a "search for a star" style competition to find the New Susan Boyle. Quite how you entered that, I'm not sure. How DO you become the New Susan Boyle? Surely sending the application form back covered in your own drool and excrement would've been a good start. So it's as syrupy, over produced and dead inside as every other song on this wretched album. "Do You Hear What I Hear?" Sure do, Susan - that's me vomiting into the sink.  Here's the thing; Susan Boyle seems like a fairly fun, jolly woman, that is when she's removed from the flashing lights and media hooplah that make you think she's going to cause a riot like a hairier King Kong. So the idea of removing all sense of fun and frivolity from her and instead replacing it with Super Serious Susan is actually a dis-service to the woman herself. She says that she wanted to create an album dedicated to the music of her youth. That's fine. But if anyone's youth was as barren and boring as the music here, they'd have emptied a shotgun barrel into their mouths by now. I'm not saying Boyle should be body-popping or beat boxing, but Hells bells, give her a song with at least a BIT of kick to it. Is that really so much to ask?  To newcomers who want to see what all the fuss is about - do NOT be fooled by the hype, the sales or the salivating, urine-stained drones on this website. Susan has a nice, if not great, voice, and it's lost and wasted on yet another album of dreary, imagination-free cover versions. Whoever you are, you deserve better than that.
0	I absolutely love this movie and the soundtrack. I listen to it all of the time so it was definitely a good life choice :) It arrived on time and in perfect condition: no scratches/skipping, etc
1	Josh Groban is as amazing as always!! The track is clear as a bell and it sounds like the orchestra is there with you!
1	good song, easy download. might actually purchase the cd based on this song alone. thank you for the easy way to download songs.
1	As a gal, I honestly don't think these songs would pump you up for a work out.
1	it wasn't the original version of the album... no pictures, no lyrics.
1	Lovely disco music that sparkles and shines beneath a tropical Sun. A perfect song for when you first fall in love with someone.
0	This is my favorite Nicole Atkins record to date, catchy and well written lyrics and instrumentation.  If you ever get a chance, try to catch one of her shows in Asbury Park, NJ.  You will not be disappointed.
1	We loved the musical and this CD is awesome!  If you're a fan of Carol King, this is a must have.
0	Because its censored.  Useless. Want my money back  its supposed to be  a crude reality check but it is not
0	The albums offered are not a mixture that can be used for ballrom dancing.  They are all of one type of dance. Nobody wants to do 15 cha-chas in a row.  A good album would be *all instrumental. An example of  said album would start with a fox trot and progress to a faster dance, then followed by a slow number  (this is important):  DO NOT play a polka followed by a jitterbug...people need to catch their breath after a fast number. A good selection would be a fox trot, a waltz, a polka, (2) fox trots, followed by a rhumba, then a waltz,  a tango;  well, you get the idea.  The record is not to be a marathon.  * Vocals may be used if they are done by the person who made the song famous.  Example: "The Last Waltz" by Humperdink, or "Can I have this Dance For The Rest Of My Life" by Anne Murray, "Cherry Pink & Apple Blossom White"  by Perez Prado.  " Folling in Love"  Elvis.  The vocalist should not change pace of the music.  You might throw in The Twist"  by Chubby Checker.  This type of album would be bought by anyone old enough to know how to ballroom dance for use at parties, etc.  Kinda dates me, eh?  Ron
1	I agreee with Howe...Please let Susan be Susan..when she sings...let her belt out her songs, like our Kate Smith did on tv in the 50s...No one calmed Kate down, when she sang God Bless America....and noone should quiet the vocal cords on OUR susan either..want to send her higher and higher...then let her be Susan...  see howe below...taken from above...  99 of 111 people found the following review helpful: 3.0 out of 5 stars Where is Susan?, November 14, 2010 ((((((((((((((((By J. D. Howe - See all my reviewsThis review is from: The Gift (Audio CD) This newest album presents a triumph of managers and controllers. Susan is allowed to sing only slow, mournful songs in a strength barely above a whisper. Where she is allowed to expand a bit, the electronically-enhanced choir and the electronic accompaniment are elevated in volume to a level which all but eclipses Susan. This isn't fair to her. One has the impression that the handlers and managers are afraid of her breaking loose. I re-looked at her first performance on that stage in the talent show. She showed personal strength and character, and she put herself into that song. But even the same song professionally-reproduced in her first album simply has lost -- well -- Susan's own personality. She has power and personality. These should burst forth and bring goosebumps to us on such songs as "Hallalujah!" and "O Come All Ye Faithful". Instead, the latter song -- which should be the glorious wrapup to the album -- instead is a mournful dirge which ends, as one might say, not with a bang but a whimper. I don't think the producers have been fair to Susan, and I think their slick marketing of this album shows they're more interested in their suffocating production than in their showcasing of a fine performer. Just leave Susan to her own enormous talent on the next one. Remember, she stood alone on the stage when she gave the best performance of all. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews ))))))))))))))))))))))) Was this review helpful
0	Great cast album
1	Great quality download and love the song! Was happy how fast it downloaded! Can't wait to download more of Kip Moore!!!
1	something is wrong here.  This song will not download.  Instead it plays "Always on my Mind". Not happy, this is for my Mom's memorial service. 
1	Another beautiful selection of hymns sung beautifully by George Beverly Shea.  Never get sick of listening to Mr. Shea's music.  Love it!!!  Uplifting music!!
0	disappointed - gave it a way
0	If you are a fan of Charles Munch, AND if you can find this item, grab it.  The source of these items was is a murky subject, apparently a record club with the name Guilde Internationale du Disque (in France) and Concert Hall (in the U.K.).  In America they got picked up by such labels as Nonesuch, Everest, Turrnabout, and others.  The listing below shows the original LP releases, which are all included on this 4 CD set, except for a couple as noted.  Most recorded with the ensemble then known as the ORTF, again, except as noted.  SMS 2.494, Albeniz: Iberia.  Debussy:  Iberia. (rec. ca. Oct./Nov. 1966) SMS 2.495  Bizet:  Symphony, Jeux d'Infants, Patrie! (Oct./Nov. 1966) SMS 2.511  Borodin:  In the Steppes of Central Asia.  Moussorgsky:  Khovanschina, 3 orchestral excerpts. Rimsky-Korsakov:  Russian Easter Orverture and 2 exceprts from Le Coq d'Or (of the whole bunch, this vigorous Russian program is my favorite!) SMS 2.519  Franck:  Symphony (Rotterdam Philharmonic, Oct./Nov. 1966 -- the commercial recording Munch made of this with the Boston Symphony is far better). SMS 2.527  Beethoven:  Symphony No. 6 (Rotterdam Philharmonic, ca. Nov. 1966 -- Munch observes some of the repeats in this work which he does not do on several other commercial and live recordings he made of it -- for that reason, this in some ways is my preferred version of it). SMS 2.579  Debussy:  La Mer and Three Nocturnes (Feb. 1968 -- NOTE, the Nocturnes are NOT on this set!  they can be found here&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Hommage-a-Charles-Munch-Debussy-La-Mer-Iberia-Trois-Nocturnes/dp/B0048M4OZ8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Hommage a Charles Munch- Debussy: La Mer, Iberia, Trois Nocturnes</a>&nbsp;.  This is Munch's 3rd commercial recording of La Mer, and he does NOT observe the additional trumpet fanfares near the end -- these can be heard in his BSO recording. SMS 2.761  Debussy:  Prelude ... faune.  Smetana:  The Moldau (rec. Feb. 1968 -- the Smetana work NOT included in this set, in fact, I can not find were it has ever been released except on LP and never in America -- very rare item, I have never heard it).  In all cases, Munch here had a lesser orchestra than in Boston and the audio quality a lot less than achieved by RCA.  There are some interesting items in this set, especially the Russian works, the Albeniz pieces, and the Bizet (though, he made a lot better job with the Symphony with the Royal Philharmonic).  A number of these, such as the Debussy works, have also appeared on other CDs.  Current availability of this material is unknown.
1	Esta fue la respuesta que recibi de este artista por haberle preguntado acerca de su nueva produccin. Juzguen ustedes por si mismos:  Soy una persona sumamente ocupada y mi tiempo no me permite abarcar algunos asuntos , trabajo tiempo completo , tengo esposa e hijos y gente que se ocupa de estos asuntos , lamento no haberte atendido con prontitud , pero por tu manera de dirigirte a una persona que no conoces y con la cual no tienes ninguna referencia que la admiracion e hilo conductor a traves de la musica me hace sentir agrado en en que no haya contestado tu correo . Creo que el problema que tenemos los artistas es que el publico se siente con un derecho adquirido sobre nuestras personas y se dan el lujo de etiquetarnos y faltarnos el respeto , ni siquiera mis amigos mas allegados se refieren a mi con tan poca delicadeza . El disco salio esta semana de la fabrica y si aun te interesa estara en las tiendas la proxima semana., me tomo la molestia de darte esta informacion y mas aun de personalizar la respuesta aunque no lo merezcas y por respeto al publico el cual lamentablemente eres parte.  Atentamente FQ:  Creo que no es necesario mayores comentarios...
1	I was not disappointed about one single song on this album.  Thomas has truly created a new class of music with it, that I like to term Godly Music.  Cassandra is a repeat from Two Steps from Heaven, but is still good, and fits well with the theme and overall feel of the album.  This was so worth the 4-year wait.
0	What is up with all the glowing reviews people are giving this disc?  `mezzanine' marked the end of my love affair for massive attack and I've never looked back.  I'm not even remotely curious about their latest release 100th window.  From what I've heard it's not even the full line up anymore. `angel' is a grating, irritating and annoying track.  Just because it's been used in countless films and commercials does not make it amazing.  I'm just not "getting" the attraction to that song. The only tracks that make this disc worthwhile are the beautiful collaborations with liz fraser of cocteau twins.  Liz's voice is beautifully complimented by slow, dark crackling beats on `teardrop', `black milk' and the first half of `group four'.  Unfortunately the second half of `group four' falls back into the annoying elements that made `angel' such an awful track. I wish someone would do trip-hop remixes of cocteau twin songs or liz would come out with her own disc of triphop dreaminess.  She could be the reigning queen of triphop and put this sub par disc to shame.  The only other worthwhile track is the oppressive darkness of `man next door'.  Horace Andy's depressing vocals, the dark mood of the track and the sample of the cure's `10:15 On A Saturday Night' make this another track to check out. Outside of that `mezzanine' is pure unfocused garbage.  If you haven't already, checkout `protection'.  The title track alone is goose bump inducing.  Who can resist Tracy Thorn's voice? Throw in Tricky, Nicolette and Horace you have a masterpiece.  `mezzanine' is far from that.
1	WTF?  Where's Grace?!  This is not the recording that I (and you) loved.  Mickey does all the lead vocals in this version.  It's pleasant enough -- he does a great job.  But this is NOT the "Greatest Hits Of The '80's" song that I remember and wanted to buy.
1	I loved the superman movies as a boy (with Christopher Reeves) and this brought back old memories. John William's theme is certainly iconic and this is as good a version as I've heard.
1	Deleted
1	PTX is amazing as always!
1	A wonderful, expressive voice. Those who love ranchero music will find this singer irristible
1	daughter in law is beginning photo taking.  this is an excellent background available as digital.  makes it possible to have numerous choices for customers without having to change everything every time.  works very well and takes up almost no space which can be used for other purposes now.  enables parents or groups to choose what they like without having to shoot over and over and over in and out of the studio.
1	Boring
1	This is one of my faviorte versions of the song is having Bruce and the gang sing this. A good holiday tune
0	It's a great song for folks who've been through tough times.
0	Great first album by Bernhoft!!!!
1	First I want to address some comments about the length of the songs/album.  I can understand what people mean about the songs "feeling" shorter than in the first album, so I looked up the song lengths:  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Starbomb_%28album%29 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Player_Select_%28Starbomb_album%29  It turns out, the songs are about equal length.  "Player Select" has one more song and is one minute less than "Starbomb".  I think it's because both Danny's singing and Egoraptor's rapping are significantly faster in this album.  I guess the speed can give it a "rushed" feeling.  Now that THAT is out of the way...THIS IS AWESOME!  Still hilarious!  "Toad Joins the Band", "Glass Joe's Title Fight" and "Inky's Lament"  are just some great examples.  The language is better this album as far as the amount of cursing and sexual references(still--warning to parents).  The lyrics and music are still impressively creative.  I CAN NOT WAIT for the third album!  "You will never catch me.  I am like the Eiffel Tower"  "That doesn't move!"
0	I seen it on the go pro camera website and had to have it. gets you going even if you are sitting. love the song
1	I still have not been able to play the song. This system is not user friendly.
0	This disc won't play on my stereo system - it does play on my PC so I presume it is MP3 or something else.  No indication on disc cover.  Disappointed!
0	This is the LIVE version. It sucks.
1	product was as advertised and very prompt delivery.
1	No-- Didn't do the job. Repetition did not work very well. Could not get into the whole of the program.
0	This is suppose to be Christmas music. Christmas music is for Family's. If you don't know what it is go to ITunes and look at there Holiday Selections it might help.
1	I thought she would sing songs like she did in the TV series "Pie in the Sky."  I didn't care for the genre of songs on the album.
1	went into it without checking other reviews, only having listened to a couple of the singles. I'm happy with the purchase. I don;t know if most of the songs will meet regular rotation but there are a few that really grabbed me. Gold and Friction rating highest for me at this point. catching and enjoyable.
0	I have seen VH live with both Roth and Hagar. I have also seen Hagar Live, and Roth Live. I don't hate either of the 2 major lead singers, or the two bassists. I prefer a good raw live performance.  The first track I listened to was Jump, the encore, and I honestly thought that they had some "guest singer" there, but nope, it was a fatigued and tired DLR singing. Well, maybe he blew out his voice before the end of the show, let's try an early song Runnin with the Devil. Nope.. He must not have been warmed up either. Maybe one in the middle.. You Really Got Me.. Nope, missing lyrics on the high parts. Ice Cream Man is lukewarm. Beautiful Girls is not bad. Overall, DLR's voice just killed this album, it may have been an off-day for the singer, but then it should not have been leaked or published. The boys that were part of the family did just fine, but this was a Linda McCartney/Hey Jude moment.
0	Though I never seen this musical. Way before my time. I heard this song on the Broadway channel on xm and it was so catchy I just had to add it to my music library. I love how the song has a since of adventure about it. A bit of humour here and there as well. I do wish there wasn't dialogue at the beginning of it but there seems to be dialogue in al lot of cast albums. Delightful song.
1	I played this piece when I was in our high school band.  I loved it then, and this rendering sounds so much like it did at that time.
1	should save their money and not buy this junk. I bought this album years ago in the mistaken belief that it was a legitimate release. It isn't and its one of the worst sounding bootlegs I ever heard in my life, its not worth the money at any price and whoever is selling it must know this. As for CITY OF FEAR get the official and legitimate Intrada release. If you had brought this CD to Mr. Goldsmith to autograph he would probably have smashed it into bits in front of you and deservedly so because its that bad. We all know the composer doesn't make a dime from these types of illegal releases and what's even more insulting is that its a recording of poor quality.  So everyone do yourselves a favor and pass on this piece of junk.
1	Several of the numbers on this CD were not performed by Serendipity Singers...they were done by New Christy Minstrels. With that in mind I thought it was deceptive...not Amazon's issue.
1	Has a nice beat and is easy to dance to. I give it a rating based upon my tastes. Your mileage may differ!
0	really like this
0	Prepare to have fun with this track. We choose this song for a competition at work and it WON us 1st place! Can't never go wrong with "old school, feel good" music.
1	This is diffenitly a classic for me and fills out my music libary.  I love the sound of this group.  A little old but a classic.
0	I heard this song yesterday and wanted to write a little bit about it. Ive always loved Money For Nothing because a) it rocks, and b) it has so many layers of irony that its kind of like looking in one of those department-store mirrors where you can see reflections of reflections of reflections.  So Dire Straits overhears this ignorant, offensive, yet very colorful and expressive (a la Archie Bunker) electronics store salesman complaining about his job and talking about how ridiculously easy life must be for musicians, who get their money for nothing and chicks for free."  They, the musicians, take the guys words, do a little tweaking to make it rhyme, and create a song that rocks so hard that it sells millions of copies--which is obviously NOT money for nothing considering that: 1) Before the song even starts, the intro builds to a better climax than anything since the synthesizers and drums crescendoed into Roger Daltrey's barbaric yawp on Wont Get Fooled Again;" 2) Mark Knopfler does a scorching guitar riff in the style of ZZ Top,  and 3)  Sting is in the background howling like a wolf and singing I want my MTV," which can only add to the fun.  Dire Straits and Sting are having a good time skewering the guy who unknowingly dissed them, but it seems like they may be making fun of themselves, too.  Let's face it, it is true that by most people's standards, being in a rock band seems like a pretty good job, and the fact that this song about it makes everybody bob their heads in time just proves that point. This is what I meant about the reflections of reflections and all the layers of irony in "Money For Nothing."  On the most literal level, the lyrics are really obnoxious, if you take the guy's statements at face value.  Then, when you realize that the targets of his ridicule are having the last laugh, the song becomes sly and satirical. But there's a third level of meaning that comes from the raw energy of the music itself, which taps into a  genuine emotion most people have-- the desire to live just a little more loudly and freely, which must have been a lot of what was behind that salesman's complaints. Every insult Knopfler sings about the "nothing" job of rock and roll is accompanied and belied by that insanely catchy riff, and when he sings, "That's the way you do it," it's hard not to agree. Even though the song sets up a division between the rock world and the "real" world, we don't want to keep them apart any more than the guy at the electronics store does, and a unity happens between the artists and the audience--all of us, beneath the sarcasm, paying our respects at the shrine of rock and roll, which has always represented freedom and joy. So yeah, the dude has a point-- not that making music is easy, but that those who do it should consider themselves fortunate.  By the time Knopfler drawls his final, That aint WORKIN'," he has both proven the guy wrong and proven him right. Making music definitely isn't money for nothing, but, also, it aint workin, at least in the sense that it isn't Just a Job.  It's work, all right, but when that effort pays off, as in the electric adrenaline rush of this song, the payoff is so freeing and complete that it becomes clear that the real reward for being a rock star was never money or sex. It's the music.
0	Love this song the video always makes me laugh. Her performance  at the Grammys was top notched and after that I went back and listened to her music a little more closer. I have to say great music.
0	Rick James would say,"cocaine is a hell of a drug!"  And this reminds me, don't do crack kids.  It is an insult to anybody with ears.  Horrible.
1	Crystal clear! Loved this years ago and happy to have it as part of my collection again. Nice one amazon!
1	And I would never write an album review for an album I haven't heard in its entirety, but my roommate plays this album constantly and everytime I hear the beginning of "Follow Through" I get this overwhelming urge to either leave the room or poke my eardrums out with sharp sticks.  I am forced to listen to this CD on a daily basis sometimes and it's sheer torture.  The only good song on the entire album is "Chariot," and I really like that song a lot (I almost purchased the CD because of it), but I'm thoroughly glad I didn't because the rest of the songs are a completely different genre and also annoy me to no end.  The melodies are so irritating and predictable and the lyrics and rhymes are so bland and obvious.  Some of these songs sound like they took ten minutes to write based on their musical and lyrical depth.  He has a nice voice, but that's no saving grace for some of the most annoying music I have ever encountered.  Please buy John Mayer or Jason Mraz or someone who writes catchy, clever songs or just download "Chariot" and save yourself from this garbage.
0	Mind blowing good...... Satch is the man
1	I have a missionary out serving right now and he heard the song Bless My  Son and told me about it in one of his emails.  I checked it out and decided to buy the whole CD, and I'm so glad I did.  It's really excellent, and especially meaningful for a "missionary mom."
1	The album itself is not horrible, at times I catch myself nodding my head to the beat, but this is to much of a departure from what I came to love about the band.  They were storytellers that could draw you in and keep you.  They were original and their sound was a testament to that.  Now we are left with a beautifully created album, albeit one where most songs sound very similar.  There are some gems on the album like "Cold Arms' and "Snake Eyes".  Bands have to evolve to some degree, but I am not sure this is the patch they were meant to take.
1	These reviews Saggy Francis writes for himself are hilarious!! We already know you're underground. You're a troll. And trolls always live is dark, dingy places with their neckbeard posse of twitter gangsters.
0	I bought this album back in 2001 at a show, and I so listen to it.
0	I do like the song "Stick With Me", "Barbary Blues" and "Women's Prison", but too much of this CD is a typical bar band sound, especially the lead guitar on the 'rockers'.  I cannot recommend this music when there is so much better music out there. There are too many 'throw away' songs on this album; simply boring songs.  Nicki Bluhm does not have a real strong voice and, for my tastes, she cannot produce a strong CD on her own, as evidenced by songs on this CD when she does it more on her own voice.  Suggestion: Check out Mia Dyson if you want a CD by an emerging artist, especially her, "When The Moment Comes".  Your mileage may vary.  Edit: After seeing Nicki Bluhm in concert, I gave this CD a third star.  The show was good, but not great.  Re-edit: After hearing this more on my stereo, I've again gone back to 2-stars, as I am rating the CD, not her live show.  Some of the songs simply lack any creativity and are typical of what you'd see from a bar band, trying hard to be a rock and roll stars, yet falling far short of the mark.  Some of the guitar work is amongst the most uninspired music I've heard on any of the over 1800 records and CD's I own.  Note: the re-edit came after this CD came up on randomly on my music server (because I won't intentionally play it ) and my outright distaste for the song "Before You Loved Me".
0	Can't stop listening to this.
1	Brilliant musical
1	I like this version better than the original
0	If you think this is going to be another "you don't bring me flowers" - well there are no Neil Diamonds on this offering.  Mostly  it's the partners being drowned out by Streisand's still powerful voice.  Give the guys a chance!
1	I didn't pay attention to the fact that its the long explicit version of "I'll Be Missing You"  I don't like it and haven't listened to it since I bought it.
1	Great Song!
1	Different, but good
0	Catchy and stays in my ear...love Rihanna!!!!
1	There is no words for this worship song, this is something you have to experience in your worship time. Purchase this cd
0	This song is awesome. Love old school
0	pure garbage. to rap means to talk and implies that you have something to say, i got some rap for you, 'this disc sucks'.
1	In the same vein as Division Bell and mostly musical. I really like it.
1	Love it
1	I'm so proud of him, I know him because he's in my church chior so I've known him for a few years.
0	thanks
1	I have been a Rick fan since I first heard Jessie's girl, and have loved everything he's done since (and before).  Until now.  After the stunning S/D/A/A, possibly his finest work, I was not expecting 14 MOR dirges like this.  By the end of the track 13 I'd lost the will to live, or at the very least, the will to stay awake.  His voice doesn't suit the songs, and the arrangements are unimaginitive to say the least.  The only saving grace is Imagine, a hard song to do justice, but his version is quite pleasant.  I never thought I'd be giving Rick a bad review, and I'm gutted.
0	FANTASTIC BAND!! Her voice is unique, powerful and addicting. Great album, fun live band. These are NOT one hit wonder talents.
1	This is a great track that truly sounds like the original.  Excellent musicianship - I would recommend it to anyone.
1	She is always a 5 star to me.
0	Heard it on a commercial and Loved it!
1	Terrible I downloaded it and have not idea where it is? You guys sold this to me and it is lost
1	I love the song.
0	I'm thinking about buying the album...
0	I have been looking for this 1976 recording from this trio in a CD for over 20 years and it looks like any 20 years may be needed since Amazon shows this being available but upon proceeding to purchase it you will find it becomes some other group called The Movies. I realize there may one or two other people such as myself who are looking for the CD, unfortunately you will be disappointed and return the CD.
0	Upon purchase, description does not specify that some songs only available with CD purchase.  If this had been made high visible or prevalent, the purchase would not have been made.  This is the case for many of my digital purchases. For the amount of money charged, all songs should be digital and available for immediate play.  Also, some of the digital songs stop, skip and forward to the next selection without completion of the song.  This is an ongoing problem with all of my Amazon digital music purchases.  Amazon needs to address this or refund customers who encounter this continually,
1	Kari Jobe is great and especially her Youtube stuff which is live and even with the live warts and bruises ( so to speak) her stuff is very moving and stirs you up spiritually!!!
1	Love this song and his voice.  Really gets one moving!
1	Great tune that I forgot about until I heard it in a recent movie.  I had to go purchase it and listen to it, start to finish.  It was like a fresh brewed cup of coffee in the morning and got me going along with memories of that period of my life...
0	Every song in this short film add the creative genius of Joss Weadon and his co-workers. "Brand New Day", "My Eyes", "So They Say" are just three of the extremely catchy and inventive songs. The songs are so well choreographed to the script and catered extremely well to each of the characters personalities.  I guarantee even someone who hasn't seen Dr. Horrible's Sing-A-Long Blog they would still enjoy the music, which speaks to its versatility. If you enjoy the film and appreciate the musical numbers this CD is a no-brainer. Click "Buy Now" right after you read this and do yourself a favor :)
0	Incredible
0	Creamy is Rebekka Mathew and Rannva Joensena, two girls who formed Creamy when they were just 13 years old. Their debut album, 'Creamy' is sung in their native Danish language, and this is their second album which is in English.  Creamy is initally bubblegum dance, and is along the same style as groups such as Crispy, Aqua, and Smile.dk.  Two of their most well-known songs (thanks to the Dance Dance Revolution series), 'I Do, I Do, I Do' and 'Never Ending Story' is included as well as the well-known song 'Help! I'm A Fish' which was included on the animated movie with the same name.  Track listing is:  1.  I Do, I Do, I Do  2.  Help! I'm A Fish  3.  We Got The Time  4.  Little Kitty  5.  Fantasy Island  6.  Never Ending Story  7.  Little 1  8.  Bye Bye Bike  9.  Do You Think I'm Pretty  10.  Fantasy Spaceship  11.  It Can Happen To You  12.  Icecream  If you are a big fan of bubblegum dance music then don't hesitate to buy this album.  The music is fun and bubbly, catchy and enjoyable.  My favourite tracks are "Help! I'm A Fish", "Fantasy Island", and "Do You Think I'm Pretty."
0	Pitbull and Marc Anthony at their finest! Great beat and lyrics! Download was good quality and fast. Recommed to buy it
1	Pop music is loaded with auto-tune and "singers" who wouldn't know real singing if it smacked them in the face.  In an industry filled with Justin Biebers and Taylor Swifts, it's such a relief to hear a real artist.  Emeli Sande sings with a real passion on this CD.  When my daughter heard her sing, she was in shock that a singer could sound that good without auto-tune.  The sad truth is that up until the 90's, there were many great singers.  They didn't all look like models, but they had real talent, creativity, and a vision.  Now, people seem to be satisfied with pretty faces and cookie-cutter songs.  When I heard Emeli sing on You Tube, I bought her CD immediately.  Not every song is my taste, but he voice is fantastic. If her music catches on, maybe we will see  more real singers and we can finally kick Justin and Taylor to the curb. P.S.  I also like that Emeli is classy.  She doesn't dress like a prostitute.  She doesn't have to--her voice does all of the talking for her.
0	Very awesome song to have and to listen to. Really like the lyrics and the whole beat and tune of the song.
0	no good
0	I should have read the other review. I, too, did a search for TSO and this item appeared in the middle of the list. I imagine the item got pulled into the results because of the one TSO song, "Christmas Cannon".  Despite it being my mistake, it would be nice if the CD was good. Given the songs, I am amazed how horrible this CD is. It would probably sound better on monotone. Do not waste your money. The instrumentals are so flat that listening was not enjoyable. I cannot even palate it as background music. I would sell it back used, but this is not something I think anyone would enjoy. Very disappointed.
1	What do we expect from a Johnny Marr record? Since first popping up nearly three decades ago, he's worn a lot of hats: bandleader (responsible for the music, at least), guitarist, songwriting partner, hired gun...his playing, whether on Smiths' records or as a sideman, was always tasteful and resonate, betraying a mastery of off-kilter voicings, open strings, and a genius for textures.  So, bringing us back to this...first off, the notion that it's Marr's "solo debut" is rather disingenuous. The surprisingly dull "Boomslang" from several years back really was, despite the band moniker.  "The Messenger" is certainly better than "Boomslang," with a greater variety of tones and textures. That said, the record is still underwhelming. While some efficient pop melodies occasionally bubble to the surface and the guitar playing is certainly secure, if never as revelatory as one expects from Marr. I think its relative failure comes down to three facts:  - Marr is not a compelling singer: His stiff phrasing dispatches the tunes with a minimum of charisma. He sounds detached and dispassionate.  - Marr has little to say as a songwriter: The melodies and chord progressions are strong at times, but lyrically Marr seems unwilling to betray any passion or relate any interesting ideas.  - This may be the biggest reason...if this record sounds distressingly like a lot of generic Brit-pop of the last two decades, it could be because Marr has just been so influential on modern British rock. His influence is so strong that, in the time he's been off on sideman jaunts, others have taken it up and furthered it more than he does on "The Messenger." Marr is playing catchup. So...I look forward to his third or forth record down the road...  Could "The Messenger" ever meet expectations? Probably not. Heck, if Morrissey sang over these tracks, it would only be a B+ Morrissey disk. But it's nice to see Marr making an effort, and I look forward to hearing where this guy goes if he chooses to really hone a solo career...
1	Looked for a long time for some of Jim Glaser's old songs and found this.  Unfortunately this version cuts off about a minute of the original version from Jim's album.  Disappointing!
0	Love her voice, love the lyrics, and love this song!  Never get tired of listening to this extremely talented woman!
1	A haunting and beautiful song by Lady Gaga.
0	If you want to relax and soak in the presence of God, this is the music to get!  My wife plays this continually during and after her prayer time and when she's going to bed. We're just going to have to get more of Kimberly and Alberto Rivera's music.
1	I usually don't buy CDs or albums because i am cheap but I love every songs on this CD! Her songs are so upbeat and the lyrics are so powerful.
1	I like it.
1	This is a very good Christmas album done "Western Swing" style.  It's a lot of fun.  All the songs here are good, but my favorite is probably "Merry Texas Christmas, You All", which is a cover of an old Gene Autry song.  If you enjoy country music that is more "traditional" sounding than most contemporary country music, you should get this album.
0	Ortega sings warmly but also sounds so alone, it touches the heart. I love his consistency. His voice is like frosting.
0	I've been a long time fan of Tori, but the last ten years or so her work has been hit or miss for me.  When I heard about the release of Unrepentant Geraldines, I didn't have high expectations.  I was surprised, to say the least, after the first listen.  This is the most consistent, cohesive album she's put out in quite a while.  Like another person stated, this should have followed up Scarlett's Walk.  The songs are tight and she explores some themes we can all relate to: aging, love, marriage, etc.  America, Troubles Lament, the title track and 16 Shades of Blue are classic Tori.  It's definitely a more subdued album, but so was Under The Pink, and I'm pretty sure that's way up on the list for many fans.  One of those albums I actually like more with each listen.  An easy four stars here.
0	My son found this song and we're both enjoying it tremendously.  The lyrics and music are very inspiring.  Highly recommended!
1	Loved the mini-series and couldn't get this song out of my head.  Stumbled onto this by accident in a search as I thought it was out-of-print.  Get it and enjoy.
0	Great song loved it, very soothing to hear. Loved to listen to this song while cooking in the kitchen. Very inspirational.
1	OK, let's assume you know nothing whatsoever about Hank Marvin or the Shadows.  Then you might find some of this interesting, some not.  But if you do happen to be a Marvin fan, you'll either think it's no big deal or find some of it just terrible. Tony Iommi bludgeon's the crap out of "Wonderful Land," a song that was originally great because of it's wistful, airy atmosphere and lovely melody. Here, those qualities are trashed. Iommi may be a master at what he does, but it doesn't work here at all as far as i'm concerned. Same with Brian May's "FBI". The original was a jaunty toe tapper, ultra catchy with a tick-tock beat and a wonderful muted guitar. Brian May is a great guitarist but his version of this song kills what was fun about the original for me. ANd that's pretty much the whole story. Even the tracks that do work, like Peter Green's, aren't so great that you'd think "Gee, this is the way the original SHOULD have been played."  Don't get me wrong, i don't think any band's songbook is sacred.  But why bother to buy this when  a Shadows' greatest hits - even a mediocre one - will give you far, far better versions of these songs. And by "better," i mean versions that bring the melody and song to live in the most genuine way.
1	The first Diva of Rap is back and better and harder than ever. Foxy returns to the ghetto hood of the streets to give us some of her best work in years. On this cd, Foxy lets you know that she is NOT to be [...] with when it comes to delivering hardcore eastcoast Hip Hop. Some of the outstaning tracks on Broken Silence are "Oh Yeah", "So Hot" "Candy" and my favorite "Na Na Be Like". If your a true Rap/Hip Hop fan you will not be dissapointed with what Foxy brings to the table on Broken Silence...... all I can say is Lil' Kim and Eve beware cuz the First Diva of Rap is back and Badder than Ever......
0	Tony Jackson is the next COUNTRY SUPERSTAR!
0	Phenomenal!
1	Im sorry. But is anyone disappointed this does not include the song great gig in the sky. To me this a deal breaker that should have been included on the LP since it was in the concert. Do not understand. Deal breaker
1	Awesome song!
1	I first of love Lyfe Jennings but I can relate to this song on so many levels and it is all true what he speaks!!!!!
1	I bought this album because I like the God Bless the Child track.  I have been a fan of Joe Augustine for several years. Will buy more.
1	Blink-182 has always been such an amazing group! Still strong! Brings me back to the good old days of Blink!
1	I received this CD a few years ago after attending an ACTS retreat and somehow misplaced it!  I absolutely love this CD and others by David Kauffman.  It will make your heart and spirit "smile" listening to his beautiful music.
0	Tyte Trakk
1	It pains me to write this, but when I first heard Ruin, it was if all the blood drained outta me, I tried so hard to like it, I tried to convince myself I dug it, but finally the truth would out and I admitted I thought it was really disappointing. An artist that defined my teenage years,  I was 16 when I first heard Moon Pix and What Would the Community Think,  was crudely stating the glaringly obvious (people ain't got shit to eat) in between names of countries, a far cry from Names, a song sorta based on the same structure.  Nothing on Sun comes close to the heart breaking beauty and poignancy of her previous work. There is no real beauty here at all.  What Would the Community Think (my favourite record ever) was like walking through some city street at 2 a.m. just as summer began to tip into Fall and you're heart was broken because you fell out of love or fought with you best friend over nothing important, and Moon Pix was like standing looking up at a star drenched night sky, mysterious, scary, life affirming, beautiful beyond words, sad, spiritual and pacific.  You Are Free was taut with beauty, regret, courage and simple human failures and more than anything hope.  Sun is like standing in the middle of an overcrowded mall on a sweltering day, Silent Machine is really the only shop worth checking out.  Sometimes it can be way too sunny and you need to run for the shade.
1	Very much unlike Frank's last solo album Gypsy Highway. Frank doesn't sing on this one but instead tagged Jeff Sandoval.  And after listening too Jeff sing you'll wonder as I did...why haven't I heard of him before? He's fantastic.  Frank though drills it home again with his guitar play. And then you add in the cameo solos from such greats as Dave Meniketti, Pat Travers, etc...great, great album.  Well worth it.
1	my wife loves it more than i do,she can sing along with all the songs!!! grandkids enjoy the sing along
0	Love it.
1	This is an insanely good album.  Few bands manage to get a couple of hits in their career, and some few manage to get multiple hits on a single album, but it's the rare band that manages to produce something that is worth listening to from the first to the final tracks.  If you are interested in this album because you heard the song Radioactive, buy the rest of the album.  You won't be disappointed.
1	Wasn't good
1	when I first heard this cd, i actually was diggin it a little bit, but i realized why... these songs are all rip offs from diana ross and dusty springfield and other greats. people praising her originality need to take a listen to the greats of the past who've already done it, and did it waaaayyy better.
1	This song has been pretty much my go-to song for the last several months, and I have yet to get sick of it.  If you haven't seen it yet, be sure to check out the official video on youtube; it's crazy!
1	great for rehearing all those song for a concert!
1	Okay, this is where I get off this train. Can anyone say Maroon 5? I was a big fan, but now I'm off at the next stop if they don't go back to that original style that made them so wonderful. Everything up to this point has been great, but the pop stuff makes me sad. *update the next release is even worse:(
0	This song has a heartfelt haunting melody along with thought provoking lyrics! This is one of Rod's best songs ever!
0	All I wanted was just the song part, not the nasty phone call comments made at the end. Very disappointing; I would have given this 0 stars if I could.
1	The cd Control System gets 5 stars hands down. The problem is that there are only 16 tracks although the cd has 17. Track # 2 is missing when you download it.
1	I love Adele!  I think, in addition to making beautiful music, she is genuine.  She seems to really care about her fans.  I think that quality will carry her far in life.
1	I really like this song. Good quality sound to the download. I got it instantly. I have no issues with this purchase.
1	I don't understand why people got so excited about this album. Yes, the lead singer sounds a little like John Lennon. But that doesn't make up for the lazy lyrics and copycat retro pop-psychedelic sound. I would pass on this album.
1	Great album!
0	Ron Isley has still got it after all these years. He and Kem has a hit on their hands.  Worth buying
0	Love! As described!
1	Didn't order this.
1	While I wouldn't be likely to choose Dave Edmunds as my favorite performer, I have clearly decided that THIS is my favorite type of music hands-down.  It is so unprocessed, so catchy and fun it is truly irresistible to me.
0	I hadn't heard this song since high school, but it's still a great Halloween-time song to get you in the mood for the season!
0	It's Prince. What more do you need to know!
1	Loved this song.
1	Having just discovered this 2008 film and fell in love with it, I was particularly impressed by its musical score as well. This MP3 download does not disappoint. The score is well represented by all the tracks. The music is a perfect complement to what I consider a perfect film!  As far as the music not being on a CD, I merely copied the tracks from Amazon Cloud Player onto my hard drive, then burned my own CD. And for the cover, I copied Amazon's score album cover file and printed it out to fit a CD jewel case cover, then the track listings, and produced my own CD soundtrack album! And I saved a bunch of money as well! Thank you Amazon, for this invaluable MP3 service!
0	This is such a beautiful song.  I first heard it when my grandson's kindergarten teacher made each of the kids a DVD of photos from throughout the year and put this song to the background.  Great for building self esteem for the children and making them feel loved and respected.
1	My sons love the Fresh beat band show, and enjoy listening to this cd in the car. I also play the cd in my first grade classroom. My students think they are listening to "adult music" but it's clean, cute and unlike many other kid's cd's- not annoying.
1	It honestly doesn't really seem to amaze me on why there are a huge lack of strong songs coming out this past year, and with so many lackluster singers making really bad music that is worth going back to your own record collection. Ke$ha is unfortunately one of those artists whom really has shown that she absolutely doesn't know how to make a tune to call her own. That is sadly the case with nothing but gibberish from her voice. Her latest song, Blow, the second single from the wasted Cannibal, is absolutely worse than her last song We R Who We R. I really was absolutely not impressed with the song. It just was a waste of time, and Ke$ha is truthfully a real waste of a good artist. She really needs to grow up and find better songs to call her own. Her love is really just drugs and not good music.  Song: D
1	OMG! This record right here!....Woooooo! 
0	Can't go wrong with Willie & Merle in the studio playing with a real band and NO AUTO TUNE or DRUM MACHINES.  Great songs,  great recording.
1	I was familiar with Gato Barbieri and so ordered several CDS from Amazon since you can't find these anywhere in the stores - the CD named Legacy is the best - this was an interesting intro piece I added to the others from various CDs - all of the numbers are a brazilian saxaphone with backup group - well done - the older CDs are ok but I like the Legacy CD best of all - if you wanted to buy a single song off an older CD try Europa - also the Legacy CD would make a great gift for those into Brazilian jazz
1	I love anything Elvis!
0	Not as good as the original.
0	It is great!!!
1	Johann Strauss was best known for his beloved waltzes. The six here in Volume 7 of Listener's Choice collection include "Blue Danube Waltz" (10:01); "Roses from The South Waltz" (9:13); "Artist's Life Waltz" (9:31); "Treasure Waltz" (7:56); "Voices of Spring Waltz" (6:54); and "Tales of Vienna Woods" (11:57). The CD is a lovely collection of his best work.
1	Interesting but overpriced for such a small book with little to tell.
1	very nice song, but this is NOT the version sung by Whitney Houston.  The labeling on this listing is inaccurate and it does not list the actual person singing this version.
1	How long has it been? Way over 20 years and these awesome songs still running through my head.
0	I heard this on a TV video and loved the song.  I think it's the first country western song I've ever owned.  Lovely harmony.
1	When it was announced that Peter Furler was leaving the Newsboys, it would have been perfectly normal for the band to hang up the towel.  They had an accomplished career under their belts, (though Furler was the only remaining founding member) selling millions of records and playing hundreds of concerts.  The Newsboys had definitely evolved.  They went from a post hair metal 80's rock band to a rock/pop outfit.  Recently, the band changed so much, they lost their identity.  First, they lost guitarist Jody Davis after Adoration.  Then Phil Joel made his exit after GO.  Their replacements: Bryan Oleson and Paul Coleman.  Neither man quite fit in with the band, and they both left after a few years.  Then the band's brain and heartbeat, Peter Furler, announced he was leaving.  When the news of his replacement was broken to me through a friend, I flat out did not believe him.  Michael Tait.  A darling of the CCM community who had enjoyed just as much "stardom" in his band, DC Talk.  There could not have been a more obvious attempt to rescue the band from doom then to have an equally popular frontman right the ship.  If it had been anyone else beside Tait, the Newsboys would have dropped in popularity like Tiger Woods.  Though Tait has in a sense rescued the band from dying, he brings his own element to the band: Michael Tait.  In short, without the Steve Taylor/Peter Furler two headed monster guiding the songwriting, the Newsboys have matured into an irrelevant band.  Instead of owning their identity, (think mid 90's to early 00's) they have destroyed their legacy.  They are now on their third lead singer, and are making their worst music since the 80's, back when John James was still at the helm.  Ladies and Gentlemen, the Newsboys have died.  Michael Tait now leads a ragtag group of men still trying to make Newsboys music.  These are not the Newsboys.  When Furler left, it was best to R.I.P.
1	I love many different kinds of music but the best album for a chilled out evening with friends on the porch watching the neighbors or traffic go by has got to be this CD. Too bad I lent it to a friend and haven't got it anymore...
1	I quite like Simple Plan's first two albums and their pop-punk-rock style. I was very disappointed with this new album. The production introduced electrocic elements and backing vocals effects in the first six songs that turned Simple Plan into Backstreet Boys.  From the seventh track (which is very good) on, I could recognize Simple Plan, but most of them are ballads.
1	I can't find it in my library
0	This cd went nowhere and is just another ambient cd out there that fails miserably. This cd was worse than Delerium's last album. All the songs sound the same, as far as I can tell this album does not sound sexy, or interest any girls I know. The first song "purify" is the only song on this that sounds different than the rest of the songs. I should've done the smart thing and downloaded it and not have wasted...bux on this. I listened to it once and then sold it...DOWNLOAD IT DON'T BUY IT.
0	When it has came down to what Kanye West has delivered in his art, it has sincerely been more about being selfish, than a strong rapper. Unfortunately, his latest set of songs with Paul McCartney, on Four Five Seconds with Rihanna and One Love, were songs that sincerely weren't his best songs. But with so much of his career, being more focused on being Mr. Kim Kardashian than being a strong rap artist, he just doesn't seem to drive his heart into his work. Kanye's song, All Day isn't exactly a strong rap song, but taking out things on others. He sincerely doesn't put his all in the category genius to his work, and instead takes it back a little too far to his earlier works. He had much better song several years ago, and instead his song lately have been wasted from the heart. I really think when Kanye West does put out a new album, he should wear more of his heart from his earlier sleeves.  Song: D+
0	I still remember the lyrics after 40 years.
0	yuck!!
0	After contacting Amazon for assistance with MP3 downloads, I find that their instructions have me purchasing a "free" download.  Stinks.
1	I do like a few of these tracks. However, the performances are very amature. There are both songs with vocals and instrumental tunes. None of the songs are wonderfully done. Some are very subpar. If I could go back, I would not download this album again.
1	good for going to sleep, is what i use it for.  However there are a few pinging sounds that could wake you up, so can't be turned very loud for sleeping.  It's a little boring, but that makes it good for sleep.
0	I wanted a song that reminded me of our different cruises and this song does it for me, it brings back all the memories
0	The music is wonderful but it needs lyrics
1	then you will love this album - this album is consistently good which is nice instead of just a few songs. Really like this one.
1	Love love love this song. I play it again and again. I truly recommend this to every one of you.
1	This is one of my favorite Chris Young recordings. Quality & sound are perfect. I highly recommend it to any Chris Young fan.
0	i like this song had never heard it before glad  i bought it. i think i might get the rest of the songs.
1	not for me
1	This is a classic album when Richie Ray & Bobby Cruz were at their best with their best band including Chaparro, Primo, Mike Collazo, Manolito Gonzalez, etc.
0	Jim Wilson didn't write this. He has stolen the song from Robbie Robertson. The choir is not slowed down crickets but the opera singer Bonnie Jo Hunt. Here is the original track which is the last song on the album Music For Native Americans called "Twisted Hair". This is an infringement of copyright.  [...]
1	Would love to see him in concert, I will be watching for tickets.  He is so right every storm runs out of rain.
1	Oh, Ringo. YOU'RE TOO MUCH
1	this is the music you'd probably wanna play if you put me in a torture chamber. the aural equivalent of eating a feces sandwich
1	Awesome!
1	Download only played a few seconds of the song.  Was for use in a parade of lights.  Ended up having to go to youtube and play it live off of a you tube video instead of using a download I paid for.
1	This Readers Digest version of Dixieland Swing is not recommended. It lacks authentic liner notes and details of recording dates etc It is also highly suspect since one of the tracks (#8) contains the song "Java" which was not written until 1958. The Bob Crosby Band did not exist after 1942 and all of their best recording were made between 1938 and 1941 I am planning to return it! Rpmolloy@verizon.net
0	This album has a lot of surprises.  Pilgrim Days, Give Me a Song and Take Back are some of my favorites. WorshipRelease.com
1	forget the english album, get this cd asap! you can feel and see the real Thalia here!!!! All of the songs are awesome! great, great album!
1	Not much to say that hasn't been said in countless articles and other reviews--  This group has its original members and have given us an album every bit as good as their other albums.  A lot of "reunion" albums fail to rekindle the old magic but this doesn't sound like a reunion album.  It just sounds like they took a seriously long time to put out a followup to Eight Arms To Hold You.  There's a decent mix of both Nina and Louise on vocals, so no matter which one is your favorite (anyone who is honest has a favorite) you will be satisfied.  Both have their voices in tact just like they did in their 20's.  One thing nobody ever mentions is Jim Shapiro.  His solid but never boring style is all over this record.  He doesn't get enough credit for their sound.
1	Golden oldie!
0	Bought this because it was touted as an allstar line up.  Some of the songs hit the mark as "rockin'" jam band but ultimately runs together as a songwriters demo.  Don't get me wrong the production was great and the musicianship was on par but it had no identity.  Are they trying to like The drive by trucker?.. Tea Leaf Green?.. Gov't Mule?  .. Don't know. I always give a new CD 2 or 3 complete listens before It ends up at the bottom of my console in the car to be listened to randomly when I don't haven anything else.  This one is there.
1	I originally bought this album because I heard "I Don't Wanna Be" (theme song to "One Tree Hill") and loved it.  I was pleasantly surprised when I actually loved the rest of the album as well.  He has a great mix of music which makes it hard to put him in any one type of genre.  Take songs like "Chariot" and "Meaning" in which he delivers the lyrics with such heartful yearning.  Other songs that I enjoy are "Chemical Party", "Crush", and "I Don't Wanna Be" which have a heavier sound.  I really can't pick out one song that I like the best because there are so many. You can definitely here the influence of Stevie Wonder in his songs. Gavin DeGraw's voice at times reminds me of a young Stevie Wonder, yet he has a sound all his own.  I think Gavin DeGraw is one of the best new artists in the music business today.  It's refreshing to hear true soul coming back into music.  I wish there were more Gavin DeGraw's out there.  But, I guess if there where this one wouldn't be so special.
1	Has several of my favorite songs on this CD.  One in particular really helped me as I was battling personal grief.
1	The original grunge rock from a classic band.
0	This is absolutely one of "B-TABS" best ever!!! Every song lifts me higher and higher each time I play it!!!!!
1	allemaal hits toffe muziek
0	Don't like the masturbate lyrics in it. Ruined the entire thing. Deleted it from my playlist.
0	I never heard or saw this group outside of amazon...the only reason I gave them a chance was for that song "Get Away"!!!{she reminds me of Tinashe on that record},another banger is "Gabby"!!!.The o.k traccs are "Girl","Penthouse Cloud" & "Curse".
1	Saved my life.
1	When I heard this, I thought someone was playing Jonathan Coulton's Baby Got Back cover, for which he wrote an original melody.  It took me a bit to believe it wasn't actually Jonathan Coulton.  Thing is, when played alongside the original, it's almost exactly the same.  Glee has chosen to use someone's original melody but not credit them "by policy" (their words) and I can't agree with that.  They are taking credit for someone else's hard work.  I do prefer the original by Mr. Coulton.  If they'd just credited him, it wouldn't be such a problem.  I'll stick with Jonathan Coulton's version over Glee's version, thank you very much.  This stunt by Glee marked the end of my Glee-watching days.
0	Just got it today-12/29/14!!  I love it!!  Awesome!!  Fantastic!!  Amazon is like a Xmas Wonderland!! I will be doing all of my shopping here!! Great music store!! Great!!  Amazon has everything you could ever imagine or want!! :o)
0	Angels is timeless, awesome track, hints of George Duke...I can finally retire my dusty, scratched almost 30 year old 8" vinyl single of this track!
1	I knew if I searched Amazon, I'd find it! This is my fiances all time favorite CD and of course searching the stores was a task and to be able to download it was awesome!  Always and Forever is our wedding song this year in Vegas!
0	It is good to hear the old sea chanties sung in such a strong way.  Tony does it the best. I watched him sing this song on Linn and Larry Pardy's video "Cost Control While You Cruise" and he looked right at home ensconced in the belly of a wooden sailboat with his wife and guitar and they belted it out in great harmony.  Maybe he'll do another sea chantey for us.
0	I wish more folks knew about Ernest's music. This is not your typical folk artist. Ernest was makin' folk/blues/rock music in the '70's before he launched his composition career in LA. Film scores, television scores, & Emmy's later, he got back to his roots & gave us the opportunity to enjoy where he came from (his "hobby" as he describes it). Listen to this album! It was released nearly a year & 1/2 before Katrina. Besides the prescient title cut, Evangaline, Disturbin' Blues, & Travelin' Shoes should solidify your love of this talented composer, singer, song-writer, and guitarist par excellance!
0	Great to pump you up for your workout
0	If you love a well flavored record, "I FEEL LIKE Playing" is for you. This record is simnply the best he has ever done. Great Songs, Great Playing, great vocals, Rock,Blues,Soul, Reggae, it is all here for you and very well done. I have not stop playing this record yet. It is one that keeps getting better with every listen. I love the band, Slash on Guitar a perfect match with Ronnie, Jim Keltner on drums, Daryl on bass, (I would have liked  Heard Willie Weeks on bass as well) He fits Ronnie perfect. Ronnie's guitar playing has never sounded better, Great Slide.  Thanks Ronnie, We needed this record. don't wait so long to do another one. A Rolling Stones record in bettween would be ok, LOL!  Great record! I feel Like Listening to it again!
0	This CD has made it possible for me to breathe easily for the first time it years.  Kudos to Mr Fredricksen for bringing Buteyko's method to light!
1	God awful song. Bleh
0	This is bad karaoke accompanied by a casio keyboard. I could make a better remix of these songs with a kazoo. Seriously it's bad.
1	This is my song very inspirational, for all black women. he is a talented singer and it shows well. luv it
0	There's nothing more I can say about this song exceot that it is a beautiful song. Just press repeat :)
1	This is an excellent compilation of songs by the young Womack brothers, or "The Valentinos."  The sound quality is great on this disc but it lacks a set of liner notes or a booklet with dates and other information about each track.  I was really hoping to read more about each song and some background on the group. I bought this disc for one song, track #4 "Lookin' For A Love" and I definitely got what I wanted.  This song should have been a smash hit on the R&B charts in 1962, it is truly a smooth tune that is just too cool. I suppose I should not have assumed I'd get a booklet with the CD, but it was still worth it.
0	Awesome rock
1	This band has awesome melodies, harmonies, and bass line. Really nice to listen to. I especially like "Radioactive" and "Amsterdam" Recommend the this deluxe version as you will want to hear more of them
0	beautiful music and perfect
1	This song is pretty slow, I think. I don't know why I didn't like it. I just didn't like it very much.
0	It would only play on my laptop so the sound quality was poor.  My CD player could not read it.
0	Rock this song every day. Favorite part is the when Kelly sings. Banging melody and great music.
1	Second time around Foxy Brown does not deliver. Some of the beats are hot as hell, but she messes them up with her wack lyrics. The [...] Jamacan thing does not suit her at all. She disses Lil'Kim but she ain't even ready for junior league, while Lil Kim is balling with the pro's. If she wants have some respect in the rap game for her lyrics, she should let Jay-Z write for her again.
0	Tha Beatles are great, I really like this music.
0	A great album - wide assortment of styles and very worshipful. Usually the album after an album you really love is disappointing, but I've about worn this album out already! Purchase it then play it on repeat, and let God work on ya!
1	The song itself is good. However, after purchasing and downloading, it won't play on any player other than Amazon music. If it's included with Prime, what's the point of purchasing?
1	This was a great purchase for my 3 year old, who LOVES The Polar Express, especially this song. I was able to purchase and transfer it to my computer; and then from there, transfer it to his Leappad 2, so he can listen to it as much as he wants.
1	These guys stink, just like any so called "punk" rock today. Don't buy this.
0	i cant believe i was excited to buy this cd
1	They have really grown as a band their sound continues to get better every year. To get a real feel for the CD you must listen through the whole CD three or four times. I love the emphasis on drum work in the last couple projects.
1	It's a great song but, the download on the other hand has skips which is annoying. As a consumer I paid good money I expect a good product.
0	Blue October amazes me, every time I hear a new song. I ask myself can this band get any better?  I can't wait to hear the whole album, but these guys never disappoint and Dirt Room is sure to be on repeat in my car.
0	Loved the song but couldn't get it to play on my iPhone
1	I love Mumford & Sons.  Let me rephrase.  I loved Mumford & Sons.  I didn't fall in love with this band because I wanted to hear melancholy music featuring electric guitars.  I fell in love with them because they offered something that was different.  I loved their acoustic sound, deep lyrics, and folk-style that featured the banjo and mandolin.  I get it that people want to change and grow but this is a seismic shift with a change in music style that jumps genres.  If I wanted to listen to this type of music, I would.  I got hooked on the old Mumford & Sons.  This album is disappointing and I will likely just stick to listening to their older stuff.  If it was another band, I would give more than 1 star because it isn't atrocious.  Since my expectations were higher and this essentially equals the death of my favorite band, they get one star.  Major bummer.
1	The beat is great, but I wish I read the lyrics before purchasing this song.  It's about a child being sexual assulted and growing up to become a stripper. You can't enjoy listening to a song like that.
0	I saw the Lovebugs live at the Polyparty at ETH in Zurich, Switzerland. I immediately bought their album, because they were really great on stage. They are a fantastic Live Band. Their album is amazing as well. If you like  The Verve, oasis, U2, Ocean Colour Scene,... you should buy the Lovebugs  album. They are a hot tip in the scene...
1	I was looking for "Friends" as I first remember hearing it back when I was in college in the late 80's. This version just didn't seem right. So, if your my age and want the one you remember, don't buy this one.
1	Met John in Vegas many years ago and always loved his style, grace, flair of singing. He actually taught me on some songs on 'how to' sing. I miss him dearly and seen him in many concerts with the many comp tickets I do receive from many musician due to I am also a singer/songwriter. Thank you Amazon.com for always coming through with the best of the best music I've heard other then being 'live'.
1	Good quality recording, and a spirited and catchy rendition of an old Civil War-era song.
0	Thank you Amazon, for such a great gift.  At this time of year it is all too easy for corporations to only see the "bottom line".  But sometimes stakes a little give in order to get.  Thank you for a little peace on my earth.
1	ok this is a good album, its poppy though, if you want a less poppy alubm from sum 41 i suggest there newst one "does this look infected" if you acutally want punk though look at "the clash" "the sex pistols" "nofx" and bands like that..now the songs... nothing on my back-4/5>>this song is a medium fast beat with a easy sing along tune not so fast and speedy never wake up-3/5>>> its really fast then the chorus is the usaul none original beat basically its just like alot of songs out there fat lip-4/5>>>i don't like that really poppy type but its good slowish rappish like rythms-4/5>>>medium i like it its a good rockish song easily put, kind of like the song "nothing on my back" in too deep-4/5>>>its a good song it just gets to much attention along with fat lip, definately more of a poppy song, a very much like beat like the song "girls and boys" from good charlotte summer-havent really heard it sorry handle this-4/5>>>kind of sounds like a papa roach song, mixed with a something corporate band (good band if you like slower songs check out something corporate) crazy amanda bunkface-same as above i haven't heard it yet all shes got-4/5>>> a fast song a usual sum 41 song fast not to fast mild singing of speed repetas "all shes got" to much though. heart attack-4/5>>>guitar is kind of like blink 182, slow and calm, until you get in the chorus it picks up good guitar song i like this song alot pain for pleasure-sadly i haven't heard this one either :( i say if you like a poppy-rock band like good charlotte mixed with blink 182, AND a little bit of the ataris get this cd if you want more punk get there newer one AFI KICKS!
0	Our family has been HILLSONG UNITED fans for years. This album is great!
0	Fleetwood Mac is one of my all-time favorite groups.  This Stevie Nick's song is at the top of my list of favorites...
1	The music is unbelievable very clear sound. Amazon Team I give you a standing ovation. I am very pleased and I am sure others will be as well.
0	What a disappointment after English Oceans (one of my favorite albums of the last five years). I'm a long time Truckers fan-and I'm surprised by the positive reception this album is receiving.  This is a collection of 'protest songs' from the truckers with their most on-the-nose political content to date. For my personal taste, this type of music should have died with the 60s and seems out of place in 2016.  We are constantly bombarded by politicized messages on TV, social media, etc etc  and I guess I just don't need it in my music to this extent.  And yes, these guys have *always* been political, but they have usually done it through telling fictional stories with their songs.  These songs just feel like a synopsis of current events.  The songs are pretty weak lyrically and musically.  Cooley's songs are slightly more put together than Hood's.  Patterson Hood has always had a problem with being a bit too prolific for his own good and the ongoing result seems to be that we get a great record alternating with a mediocre one.  If not for English Oceans, I would really be wondering about the trajectory of this band post-Isbel.  If you are new to this band, start with literally any of the other releases.  If you're a fan this is probably a required purchase but I just don't see listening to this more than a couple times.
0	Way past her prime.
1	Perhaps my hopes were too high, but this CD did not help my insomnia. After trying it for several nights, I began to find it annoying, especially visualizing energy coming from "Mother Earth and Father Sun". However, I did find the background sounds very relaxing. I would like to have had more time with just the ocean sounds, rather than hearing the man's voice throughout.
1	I listen to this song when I'm feeling down. When the world gets busy, and you feel as though you're lost in the crowd, listen to this! It reminds you of the wonderful gift God has given you.
1	I love Linkin Park!! Just saw them in concert and they were insane. You can listen to this album from track 1 to the end and love every minute of it.
0	Every single song on this EP is absolutely amazing!!!! Jake's music is going to shake up the current county music style presently out there. Do yourself a favor and check him out live too!! His voice sounds the same as the album, and he's very engaging! You'e in for a good time if you see him live!!&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Jake-Worthington/dp/B00QNU978M/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Jake Worthington</a>
0	The first Diva of Rap is back and better and harder than ever. Foxy returns to the ghetto hood of the streets to give us some of her best work in years. On this cd, Foxy lets you know that she is NOT to be [...] with when it comes to delivering hardcore eastcoast Hip Hop. Some of the outstaning tracks on Broken Silence are "Oh Yeah", "So Hot" "Candy" and my favorite "Na Na Be Like". If your a true Rap/Hip Hop fan you will not be dissapointed with what Foxy brings to the table on Broken Silence...... all I can say is Lil' Kim and Eve beware cuz the First Diva of Rap is back and Badder than Ever......
1	Favorite Christian group. Great song
1	Only had 1 fairly good cut on it very sorry I bought the cd!  Group was on Fox &Friends played one song was good so purchased it very disappointed with cd only one good cut on it rest was just noise.
0	I bought this on cassette back in 1985. It is possibly the best compilation of 80's music ever put out. All of these songs can be found on albums by these artists, with a few exceptions. Peter Gabriel's "Shock the Monkey" is a slightly longer mix than the album version. "Show Me" by the Pretenders is a live version not found anywhere else. "Save The World" by George Harrison is a different mix than on his "Somewhere In England" album. There are some great 80's gems on this collection. "Killing Time" by Queen's Roger Taylor is a great syth & drum machine romp, and "Let's All Make A Bomb" by Heaven 17 sums up the cold war mood of the 80's perfectly. There are also songs by Thomas Dolby, Kate Bush, Depeche Mode, Howard Jones, and the Eurythmics. The compilation has a great musical flow, and is great to sit and listen to from start to finish. I have searched for this on CD for quite some time, and even though it is expensive, it is worth the price.
0	What a great take on an ancient classic.  The chanting slowly evolves into a current music style and lends to an unusual clarity of mind.  Try it and will will enjoy it!
1	The 1 star is not for the music, it's for the very bad deluxe white vinyl edition made by RTI music in California. It's a horrible product, I had to return it 3 times and I finally give up and ask for a complete refund. Discs skip when play, they have scratches, deep ones who affect the playing, holes are not well centered, the gatefold cover is very cheap quality, the 3 copies I had was damage... Overall a very bad quality production.  The European edition is far better and it's the one I own now. Better quality and no production defect so get that one insisted, it's cheaper also and have the same content, 2 white vinyls, the beautifull gatefold with 3 granny sand pictures...  For the music, it's a very strong album. Ok, it's not really a Marilyn Manson album because he have no group with him and Twiggy is not in the group anymore so the only other one musician is a guitarist who is well know for movies songwriting... I think Marilyn have to stop using the Marilyn Manson name and just use is real name.  The music is good, very mellow with the exceptin of 2-3 songs who have an old industrial feeling, most of the other songs are a blend of blues style and mid tempo rock songs.  Overall, Marilyn is now getting older but not boring. If it's his new style then I like it a lot.
1	Is there really only two people in this band? The way it sounds is so ultimate rock that I'd guess eight people on stage! Now, I love the Beatle's and the Gin Blossoms and anything that has a serious rock sound. It's not the Beatles, but ten years from now, it'll be classic. The kind of thing were you really think it's worth the money. Breel is an amazing band and after only one album I am fond of them. YOU HEAR THAT, BREEL?! YOU ROCK!!!!!!!!
0	I love it. Great song and I love Katy Perry! I added it to My Amazon Cloud music collection. Which I play a lot!
1	I like these tracks,but his BEST album is "In Search Of..." If you listen to the album you'll LOVE IT! I LOVE IT I think that is his best work EVER!!! :)
1	Great music
0	Dr Horrible's sing along blog is amazing! and this is the music for it! but its kinda frustrating that it just kinda cuts off from the show.  If I could just purchase the full audio track I would.
0	Love this Music.
0	I can not downroad, and even more worse, I cast twice as much as money. which means 0.99*2
0	Love this song!  My 9 year old asks to hear it often as well, so that's always a big plus!  Wish there were more songs from the Talley's like this one!
1	Women are busy and don't have time to waste with a man that thinks the relationship will never get serious.  Love them and leave them. Do I need to say more?
1	Rattles the trunk! Strong song. All the artists bring it on this one. Old school banger. Gotta do the head bob when this comes on!
0	This song came out when I was in high school, and listening to it takes me straight back into those memories. It's like I'm there again, reliving long missed moments. Thank you, Paul Simon!
1	Didn't care for it to much. I thought it would be a little better. Other people will, I'm sure love it!
0	First off, there was soulsides/Blackalicious. It ruled. Then Endtroducing. It was awe inspiring globally. Pre-emptive (collection of singles) was almost as good. UNKLE had some awsome beats. Then the Dark Days single. One of shadows best tracks he has ever produced. (not sure if it came out in the states, but get it if you can). We then get to the Private Press. (Not nearly as good as his previous releases, but still some interesting moments, but overall was too clean and sellout sounding). After other scattered live releases (live in austin texas, the Brainfreeze cd's with cut chemist) we come to Diminishing returns. I would say this is his most dissapointing release. actually, it is damn AWFUL. Shadow has gone breakdance crazy, and here is playing some old break dance rubbish. I would just recommend buying some old 80's vinyl and pretending it is Shadow instead of paying the hefty price tag. Shadow is still a God but each releaes sees him getting weaker. I would not pay $... for this cd.
1	Before I get into the critical aspects of this album, let me say this: this is NOT country music.  This is rock music.  There is NOTHING on this CD that is in any way connected to country music.  Calling this country music shows a lack of both knowledge of and respect for country music and its rich history.  Like a lot of music that is put out and marketed as "country" (I'm looking at you Taylor Swift), this is what I like to call turkey bacon.  I'm sure everyone's had turkey bacon.  It's turkey flavored, cut, and cooked like bacon.  And turkey is great! I love turkey.  But cutting it and cooking it differently doesn't change the fact that it is turkey, not bacon.  Bacon is pork.  And this album is rock...not country.  The marketers and industry executives have tried to tell people differently, but there are those of us who love and respect country music enough not to fall for it.  None of this is to say rock is a bad thing.  Just like turkey, I like rock music.  Country is my favorite, but there's a lot of good rock music out there.  But FGL isn't even good rock music.  By all accounts, it's just terrible music altogether.  It's boring, unoriginal, unimaginative.  Honestly, take a good hard listen to the lyrics of "Cruise." And "Get Your Shine On"?  Honestly?  This is the best this group has to offer.  It's things like this that have basically made listening to country radio unbearable.  While these two are busy making hits by singing about nothing, a duo that actually makes quality music (Halfway to Hazard) falls by the wayside.  I bet most FGL fans have never even heard of Jason Isbell.  This album is just more mass-produced garbage.  And the public eats it up and turns it into hits, guaranteeing that these two guys aren't going away anytime soon.  George Jones must be rolling over in his grave.
0	Absolutely in love with the album. It's amazing.
1	This is a really bad collection.  Amazon has a bunch of really good 99 albums from X5.  Don't know why anyone would buy this crappy product.
0	Enjoyed this beautiful song and listen to it often.  Excellent rendition and very inspiring.  Thank you Amazon for providing it.
1	I tried using this when I knew I wouldn't have enough sleep time - falling asleep to it (I transferred it to an ipod) with earbuds in my ears.  The basic idea is that the binaural beats that are part of the music will produce some kind of deep sleep benefit (it wouldn't work without earbuds or headphones, since you need the beats stimulating both sides of your brain).  Did it really do that?  I certainly couldn't say that 40" of this music was equivalent to 4 hours of sleep, but it was relaxing (I usually fell asleep before it was finished), and it may have helped some - it's hard to say how effective this was (or whether it was effective at all), because I was most tempted to use this when I was most sleep deprived, which isn't the time when my objective judgment is functioning at its finest.  If you use it this way, it is likely to make your ears a little sore, however.  I think I recommend it, but it's a squishy one to evaluate.  However, it's a pretty cheap add-on if you're having trouble getting enough sleep, and it might help.
1	Excellent music. Mood enhancing. Superior for driving, especially at high  volume and this from a Stones fan. This is the band's seventh compact disc.  I've had the fortune of seeing them play live two different times, both  intense. Give them a try.
1	best album ever, great condition
1	There are so many young people and they can't all be reached by old school gospel.  Mahalia Jackson and Shirley are great.  I have Shirley's CD myself....but when it comes to drawing young people, or even older people who aren't saved to God...we need another flavor.  There's nothing "secular", or "worldly" about anything that's meant for God, that's about God or used for God's glory.  Just because sinners use go-go and rap, doesn't mean we can't use those same styles and turn them around and have crazy praise for Jesus!!!  God doesn't care how you give him the praise.  He just simply wants it...it's our job to give it to Him!  I thank GOD for Gideon Band, this album, and for their hearts.  I've seen them in ministry and I know they are blessing many people, myself included.  Keep it up ya'll!  That "MAJESTY" is soooooooooooooo awesome!  That's my favorite worship song in the world!! -Tina :-)
0	I was looking for a song to tell the love of my life how I felt about him & when I listened to this it was perf ect. Now we both Love it !!!!
0	This album is a travesty.  I had been looking forward to it ever since Nota won The Sing Off in December of 2009.  Unfortunately, Sony has had their corporate way with these poor guys, adding synths, autotune and background vocalists; clearly Sony didn't quite understand the whole "a capella" aspect of the original competition.  The only song on the whole album which captures the spirit of their performances on the Sing Off is the cover of My Girl, which saves the album from a 1 star rating.  Really, this is just a terrible thing to do to a new band, and it pretty much encapsulates what's wrong with the music industry's talent meat grinder.
1	I was disappointed with this purchases.  The songs were not the kind I enjoy.  I believe it sold by Jake's name.
1	I thought this was the songs. Most of the ones played thus far has been nothing but insturments and no words!
0	My best loved version
1	classic
1	Loved it. Songs I hadn't heard or thought of in years. Prime music gets my vote for making work go faster
1	This is an ultimate at least for me,as far a good collection. All the hits and more plus the great live cd # 2 is good. But the sound is far superior to the others that came before. Now all we need is a eric clapton(gold)cd. With his old to the present as a soloist,something that I have not seen out there in the stores yet. I have a feeling its coming next from hip o records in the near future. So buy you will be happy with this investment of old rock and roll. They just don't make music like this anymore.
1	Good song love playing it
0	I've been a fan of Bobaflex for a very long time, having seen my first show at the Monkey Bar in Huntington WV back in 2003. This long awaited album might be one of their very best works! Shoutout to Greg Bair for being the guy in the intro. Marty, Shawn, Jarod, Tommy and Dave are some of the coolest fan-friendly musicians I have ever had the privilege of meeting. You will not be disappointed with this album!
1	There simply is no place like home for the holidays.  This song is such an upbeat and fantastic classic.  It reminds me of the good old days, the Christmas parties and holiday visiting/visitors.  The sound quality of this download is fantastic. Perry Como has a voice like no other, this is classic Christmas.
1	what the ... i don't even know i bought this.
0	Always a Streisand fan but this album just isn't one of my favorites.
1	This is not the same song that was sung on the TV show. Lyrics have been added that just makes it seem dirty. The song on TV was about a guy falling in love with an innocent girl. This song is about a bad boy, I guess corrupting an innocent girl. Dissapointed and want my money back.
0	Fantastic
0	I picked this up at a thrift store and play it in my foster kitten room. It is one of the most beautiful CDs I have found. Love it so much I ordered a second copy for the shelter cat room!! Absolutely beautiful music! So calm and relaxing.
1	Don't remember it.
0	I had been looking forward to Imagine Dragons releasing this album, but... I can't see wasting $15-$20 on production quality guaranteed to give me a headache based on all but one positive review out of the discouraging fifteen, that I did read. The person who loved it, must have a hearing issue. So I'll wait for a re-release of "Night Visions" or hope the band reads the reads the reviews and finds a technically capable master producer. What a shame to have your debut album sabatoged by a knucklehead!!!
1	One of my favorite songs now!
1	Bought it for my boyfriend. It came in excellent time and the quality was great! Very happy boyfriend it was the last Simple Plan CD he needed to complete his collection.
1	Couldn't find any songs that I actually knew on this download. I Expected a couple of songs I actually knew.
1	Received on time and as advertised
1	Love it!!!
1	More of the same mediocre effort hashed out on the last couple "internet" compilations. Most who have the ability to listen objectively will find this equally disappointing. These songs should be on a bonus/out takes cd.
0	The monkees are back and sounding ad good as ever.
1	Stevie music just makes you feel happy and this song does what music should do, and that is make you feel good.
0	One of 19 items you have listed that I purchased But did not purchase! Never even looked at! Guess I better check my bill.
0	Would not recommend. Does not download the entire track so you only get about two minutes is the actual song.
1	Vocals are really bad. And when I say really bad, I mean painfully bad. Not even the great Edward Van Halen can salvage this album, David Lee Roth is just terrible.
0	Not the original! Photo on cover shows Lyn Paul and Peter Oliver, neither sing on this cd. These are later recordings with Kathy Rae and Danny Finn.
1	Super
1	Awesome (new) release by one of my favorite bands...  Love this band, Love this album, Love this song!!
0	Playlist: The Very Best Of Barry Manilow was released in 2015. It is a fine compilation CD. Barry's voice always makes me feel good. Favorite songs are Keep Each Other Warm, Mandy, Could It Be Magic, and When October Goes. Barry Manilow has had a lasting career because of his talent, and tenacity. Fans of Barry Manilow will like this the most.
1	i did not buy this so not sure why i'm asked to rate it.. Can someone explain why i have to rate it as a purchase I made?
0	I always love Van!
0	love this
1	It may be a good song to others depending on the genre of music you like but it just wasn't my thing.
0	I was old, fat, and balding....then I heard this song's rock'n beat across the house.  Suddenly I was transformed into my punk rocking former self from the 80s!  A glorious mowhawk sprung forth from my bald head like fireworks setting a stage on fire in a dark dance club with no fire exits!  My laser removed tattoos of women wearing chainmail bikinis fighting a dragon shown forth like the bat signal for the only true batman...80s Barman!  My eyes were glowing with energy unseen in years, so I had to cover them with some sick wrap around shades and secure them with a bandanna headband!  I'd keep writing more but I feel the need to go fight some street gangs to clean up the streets; race some preppy rich kids down a ski moutain; and build a time machine go back to the dark ages at become a knight in shiningnarmor!  I will make all of time as awesome as THIS SONG!  THE KNIGHT BEGINS TO SHINE!
0	What is this?  A re-recording?  It doesn't sound like any version I'd heard on the radio.  I bought this version b/c I can't skip to this song as heard on the original album it came off of without hearing bleed through of the song that preceeds it, which is titled "Any Colour".  This bleed through does not go away just b/c of the format that you buy the song on.  Radio stations don't have this problem b/c the record companies will send out remixes that are tailor made FOR radio listeners, whilst album listeners get a different experience, which is fine for those who like every song on any given album, although not every album has that going on in it. But anyway.  The song doesn't contain any bleed through per say.  Instead, it's almost like it's making up for the lack of bleed through by incorporating cheesy glitter noise and melodramatic whispering and then someone reciting numbers, THEN the song kicks off.  Complete waste of $1.29.
0	This cd was a disappointing buy where most songs had the same theme over and over. Even anointed singer Vonnie Ewing Lopez couldn't save the project. There was only 1 song that has promise - My Shepherd (Psalm 23). I would recommend buying the single on amazon, etc.
1	Happy & satisfied
1	I have always loved Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers.  I went to his concert in Little Rock in April and he was great.  He played some music that was not on the CD's I have and thats how I found out about this 4 pack of CD's. I have listened to these over and over and I never get tired of them.  I always listen to these when traveling. I would recommend this to anyone who is a Tom Petty fan.
0	my wifes
1	I guess If your Bob Dylan you can record whatever you like and it will be a massive hit. But is it any good....  no it's not. If you like Willie Nelsons albums in this style you will like this.
1	really cool song
0	I really liked song "through the glass" from the radio, however after listening to the whole album, the rest of the songs to me were mediocre to bad. I would suggest just getting the single and saving some bucks. At least find someone who already has it and give it a listen first, this is just my opinion of the album.
1	Bought this for a work function, not for me. I am sorry that I could not give a more in-depth review.
1	I've been a fan of Carlin since the 60s.  I was fortunate enough to see him when he played Morristown, NJ shortly before his death.  I was really looking forward to this CD.  So, that made it even more disappointing.  He sounds more bitter than funny.  Nothing more than a stream of bitterness intertwined with fart jokes.  I threw the CD away.  I don't want to remember him this way.  I know I'm supposed to like this, but I honestly can't.  And my dislike has nothing to do with profanity or taste.  This just isn't funny.
0	When it has deeply came right down to Beyonce', she has honestly been one of the most overexposed artists in music history. Not only with I Am Sasha Fierce, but when you release too many singles from an album, it gets kind of annoying and you want to go to somewhere else. Her lastest single Why Don't You Love Me from the extended version of I Am Sahsa Fierce isn't honestly a very strong song at all. When I truthfully saw the video, I thought it was weak as a mouse. But the song really isn't Beyonce' at her best nor is it a good song. I think she should truthfully take a break, find a new creative source for her music and her sound and come back in a while to find something better to give to her fans. Why Don't You Love Me, the answer is very simple. It is a bit of overexposure to what Beyonce' has given. She really didn't give her best this time around.  Song: D
1	Really good
1	Awesome brings back many memories of good times, I'm a sucker for the oldies
0	Sounds just like hundreds of other generic versions of the song. It's a song that belongs in no one's Christmas collection.
0	Only like about 4 or 5 songs but they sound great in my car :-)
0	I don't usually like when someone covers a song.  This song is an exception to the rule. I am a musician and I love the way he played it.  It's terrible that Jeff passed way before his time.  He will be missed.
0	remember these cool a$$ 1 hit wonders?? ha ha...one cool thing they did is play one of these horrible MTV VMA things and ended their set by inducing this great feedback noise. I guess they knew that they'd lucked out getting a song on the God forsaken FM playlist
0	I really like the studio version, and can't seem to find it anywhere.  If you are expecting the version you enjoy from the movie, forget it.  The majority of it is a bunch of stupid dogs barking at the end.  VERY disappointing.
1	This is a reissue of a set they released years ago on their Nostalgia Arts label. But instead of making it better they made it MUCH worse! The five Cds are poorly transferred (from the high quality of the NA set), the packaging - made in China, not Denmark as other Storyville - is so bad that glue from the 5th Cd sleeve leaked on to the CD and my copy was unplayable. Then there is the DVD which was to make this package special. The DVD sleeve shows SEVEN video clips totaling 47 minutes. But the DVD contains only THREE clips of poor quality totaling only SEVEN minutes! And the liner note booklet which David Mccain - a Boswell Sisters expert - wrote for the NA set - is reproduced in print so small a magnifying glass is needed.  I knew Karl Knudsen (the late founder of Storyville) and if he know of the embarrassing quality of this set, he'd be very disappointed. It's an important set and  I can only hope that someone at Storyville recalls these sets and issues them in at least the quality of the previous set. I - for one - was really looking forward to its release.  Steve Ramm "anything Phonographic"
1	Didn't know exactly what to expect but I was disappointed all around.
0	Great Item
0	Kept trying so hard to like this album, unfortunately it's not going to happen. If you are one that enjoyed it, you must like the same old stuff that everyone else is doing. This album is boring and forgettable to say the least. I don't care that there isn't a banjo, it's just an awful album. Every song sounds the same, I forget it's even playing. I have yet wanted to play a song over and over. The last 2 albums I still play over and over. Hope they can figure out what direction they want to go. If they stick with this sound I will not be buying anymore albums.
0	Whenever I hear this song it always strikes me as completely American in a way that few things are. It seems to encapsulate all of the early 1900's in its subtle jazzy tones. Hearing woodwinds bend notes like this always amazes me. Overall this is the best recording of this fun and complex piece of Americana.
0	gospel at its best. I have followed this group since they first started and have enjoyed the intensity ever since. keep up the good work.
0	What do you get when you take amazing club songs (mostly remixed by DJ legends Razor and Guido) and then intersperse them a kid making crude jokes?  The worst waste of money imaginable.  I was fortunate to have only purchased one of the MP3s,  Vernessa Mitchell's "This Joy".  At the time of my writing this review, this is the only MP3 of the song available for sale on Amazon.com.  I was elated to have found it.  Imagine the deflation of my high when, mid-song, a kid starts talking about how his armpits smell like garbage.  No, this is not a fake review; it's an actual representation of the MP3.  I suspect every song on the album is marred by "Gino" and his potty humor.
0	I got this for free from Amazon when I signed up for 'Prime' I think, or some promotion, anyway it was free.  I have a few of Nickelback's albums but this one wasn't that great, it's all about sex.  I'm glad I got it for free.
0	Fully enjoyable!
1	I Really like this song, it has a nice beat to it as always BB King, is one of our "oldies but goodiest". I put this song on a Special Birthday Disc for a friend and everyone watched & listen to the disc loved it.
1	So beautiful
1	It should be called the Instrumental Dance mix. It seems to be the same version from the instrumental album "Love and Dancing".
1	Can't put in my Galaxy S6 library. Can only hear on cloud. Amazon can't help!
0	Classic LL Cool J.
0	Just ok
1	This has become my new favorite album to listen to if I'm in the mood for trance. Great beats and excellent sound samples make this a great album to trance out to.
1	Ordered the wrong song.  Luz de da is the one I love.
1	Very good album indeed even thou a little darker than Random Album Title. Strobe thou is a track to look forward to, because it is one of the best Deadmau5 tracks to date.
1	ex husband hacked into account and ordered them. No idea how it is working.
0	The counting part fits the typical suicide ritual cycle feeling of weekly body counts to keep track of how much we were sacrificing for freedom. I was impressed by parents being called on to be the first ones on their block to have their boy come home in a box. If anybody thinks laws apply to everybody, that goes double for music like this.
1	This is one of our favorite songs! We love the easy, melodic tune and the message of the song. We are excited to have it in our Amazon Music collection now so that we can play it wherever we go!
0	Wrong cd.
1	I cannot believe that this is what passes for rap now.  Just terrible.
1	Great entrance touching all vibes and bringing them together. Curious about how the career will lean. Fun, happy music. Reminds me of Shelly Fairchild vocals, Jesse James type of club-country crossover, and the fun that Laura Bell Bundy gives off. To me, thats how few her peers in this type are, so I hope there is a long career. But this one had me at guitar.
1	This guys from Toledo, Spain, deliver a really great album. 10 perfect songs. A must to have and to enjoy from beginning to end.  Also highly recomendable are their two previous records: The Sunday Drivers (2002) and Little Heart Attacks (2004)
0	Always loved it. Great dance tune.
0	Not what I expected.  Not his best hits. There was a song I was hoping for about flying free as an Eagle, but not on this one.
0	lovely song
1	First Mumford & Sons CD I've bought - love every single song on the CD!
1	I was expecting a lot better that this.
1	Great as expected.
1	I love this album and it on vinyl is probably my favorite way to listen to the album. it was just made for this
0	Wow that was barely listenable, its like many reviews that i read, its like hearing kendrick's last album (GKMC was very good). I guess hip hop is not like it used to be.
1	Love Prince. Nice beat to this one.
1	Thought was more hard-core, but it is just not even well sung in English, it is very Spanglish like!
1	Great song.
1	Debut release from Ohio based duo led by Dan Auerbach (The Black Keys) and Leon Michels (Lee Fields & the Expressions, Lana Del Rey):  The album takes a mellow approach that often hearkens back to the loose, fun soulful/bluesy pop feel of the Keys 2011 album, El Camino.  Auerbachs songwriting skills are consistently sharp & on full display here.  Even as he moves through smooth & funky pop (think a more rootsy Prince), laid back reggae beats and breezy psychedelic blues, every song has an undeniably catchy appeal.  The overall feel is one of easygoing soul/pop with a swampy melodic core thats packed with irresistible rhythms and hooks.  Guest musicians have played in The Phenomenal Handclap Band, The Mighty Imperials, McBride & the Ride, more.  Yours, Dreamily is not an album that really calls out to be played, but the kind of thing that your re-discover on your shelf (or in your files) after a few months, give a listen to and smile with the recognition of how friendly & comfortable the songs are.  Its a dependable, pleasant experience that you won't regret.
0	This song has been such a blessing to me!
1	this was a cool song by a band i didn't know even existed until i started listening to the 80's hair band stuff .
0	LOVE LOVE LOVE Millencolin!!! They never disappoint. I wish so much that they would tour on the U.S. East Coast. I haven't seen them in Philly in over 10 years!
1	Because we were looking for a certain thing by Nipsy Russell and it wasn't what we thought it would be. Not only that, but it just wasn't funny at all. Me and my wife just looked at each other like..."What in the world is this?"
1	I downloaded this song onto my mp3 player on my phone, heard this song on the radio and had to have it for days when filling down.
1	Lame
1	I'm a little disappointed I was under the impression that I am buying nessun dorma sung by LP but it's not
1	Our colicky 2 month old LOVES this. This is in our arsenal for soothing the colic and getting her to sleep. Awesome!
1	The album is great and the songs are fine but downloading it from your "cloud" is a real pain. I don't need to join another group, give up my email address, again,  and get another ton of ads in order to download material I just bought. Amazon has a good thing going. Don't tick the people off with more hoops to jump through. And keep Willie around even if you have to resuscitate him. I love his music
1	Nothing
0	Love this song, but the MP3 version does not sound as full as my friends CD. I will try some other version with Lossless compression or CD quality
1	ITS BS Amazon forces you to download their software medial player in order to download the music you paid for. I don't want their media player. I will never buy music from Amazon again.
1	This is a great song. I had a conventional cab truck that I had this title painted on the side. That's just how much I liked the song. This is one of the top song of that time.
1	Why is the world would Amazon even consider promoting anything like this! I will no longer be purchasing anything from Amazon!
1	The song is amazing, but I've never heard it without "stay" played the same time, want aware they were separate songs, but you have to purchase both songs. Leave it to Amazon to figure out how to double their money.
1	This song is always a great way to start the day with a positive slant.  And for me it brings back lovely memories.  And the quality of this song is excellent.
1	Great mix of ballad and rocker and a wonderful love song.
0	Junk... Hello Amazon, you've been stalking me and collecting my data for several years now. What ever gave you the idea that I might want to listen to any of the garbage you just tried to pawn off on me? 2 months left until my membership ends and it's bye-bye
0	Very dissapointed after listening to this for the first time today. When you peel back the pshychobabble and anti-trump rhetoric, the F-bombs all over the place and wall-animals like background noise all you have left is some very unimaginative music. It is downright boring and borrows heavily from the past, which would be cool except that it is so damn boring and depressing. Roger has become the "sad old man" he lamented about so long ago. He should have named the album "Get off my lawn!". I have tickets to the show in a couple of weeks and I am hoping not to have to sit through this crapper. I have seen Pink Floyd many times over the years.
0	Big fan of this group. Download quality is first rate.
0	Perfect! A hard to find album in awesome condition. We are picky vinyl people and could not have been more pleased!.
1	This song is just how I remembered.  Lots of older songs sometimes loose it over the years but not this one.
1	Gritty, dark song, that has timeless appeal.  Great song for background audio on custom video tracks.
0	This song really does make me feel happy.  I like  its popularity right now; hearing it in so many places but no one sings it like Pharrell
0	I'm not a Babs fan and bought this for my girlfriend. I'll let her write the review. I'd rather have a CD of people running their nails down a blackboard. I bet James Brolin has had his eardrums surgically removed. Either that, or she's already blown them out by rehearsing around the house.....
0	This isn't the radio version; the one where the intro goes "Shana-na-na...the re-flex..."  This version has an instrumental as the intro.
1	Should have checked the reviews before buying but assumed I could believe Amazon when it said Starship. Compared to the original this is weak and lifeless.  Disappointed would be an understatement.  Deleting from my library.
1	Most people reading this already owns this CD anyways, but I'm going to say my bit anyways.  This album is notorious for what it did to the music industry within months of its release: it not only helped kill off the stagnant and already-dying 80's metal scene, but it pushed everything prepackaged and inherently processed aside (it started Michael Jackson's sales decline), and for that I absolutely love this album.  Plus, if not for Nirvana, I probably wouldn't have discovered Soundgarden or Alice In Chains until much later, and considering my personal life in 1992, I dread to think of what other musical choices I had to listen to back then.  As far as the songs on this CD, if it only had "Smells Like Teen Spirit" recorded twelve times, it would still be a great album.  Luckily, there are a few more, and they're all quite good.  As far as Nirvana's best album, that title would go to _In Utero_, but by then they were already established and people bought _In Utero_ out of habit.  _Bleach_ is another one that everyone should own, since the songs are much more raw and loose than on _Nevermind_, but the drumming kinda sucks, since Dave Grohl wasn't part of the band yet.  I stopped listening to Nirvana abruptly after Cobain chose to leave the industry, but after a few years of listening to all the newer bands imitate the style, it was very refreshing to go back and listen to _Nevermind_ as if it were my first time.  And for killing off hair metal, I will forever love this album...
0	love
1	This is not what I expected. This is not the original artist or the original recordings. She's singing flat through most of it.  I'm very dissatisfied and want a refund.
