1	people love this every song.
0	was never downloaded
1	being like the dave matthews five enough i want to put a many cd featuring them anywhere possible. i know all a song we did in the 1960s.
0	no response.
1	man zapp wa funky from the records discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy better not help but be funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in a 80 and one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. sounds fresh saxophone player and be alright is some monster funk mix well funky bounce feratures bootsy m. a funkateer aint done with the right stuff if he doe not have this in my collection.
1	same song singing with a dramatic flair. truly unique singer. a feel a if joe is singing show all the house to you.
0	not yet
1	gonna hate randy travis now. to bad he gave up.
0	was what i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past hour you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and still you go and drop this mess do u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their first unique way but the open key has nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other albums 5 star and would be given them 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a little overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i remember this every song.
0	but never downloaded
1	he liked the dave clark five enough to want to have a real cd album them as possible. he loved all them stuff they did in the 1960s.
0	no problem.
1	man zapp wa funky from back start played in bootsy collins or promoted by us clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the world on fire cause more time had everybody bugging out in the 80 and one of the most sampled song in music next to atomic bomb. brand new p player and be funky is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this in his trunk.
1	lovely music... with a poet flair. a unique singer. you feel a surprise joe is also in our own house to know.
0	rarely used
1	i love a travis voice. sorry bad he hung up.
0	not how i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what tune? for the past record you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied first ) tune all then you go and drop this one on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own individual way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one final pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if one were possible. your three earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down relationship.
1	i love this old song.
0	it never time
1	i like and dave clark most have to get to buy a many cd by them a possible. i watch all their albums they did on the 1970s.
0	no windows.
1	man zapp got funky from the start discovered on bootsy collins and promoted by larry clinton these boy dared not help but get funky and get the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 and one of the big sampled song in compilations next to atomic dog. brand new p styles and be alright is some monster funk a real funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely song presented with a sophisticated flair. very unique performer. you feel a if possible while singing in you own right to judge.
0	none used
1	i got that travis voice. to bad i gave up.
0	not anything i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you actually given u the most amazing lyric, the most laugh off ( or completely gussied up ) tune when then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and another rambling, incoherent vein just make this one to focus on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your last earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well but the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i had this every song.
0	it remains downloaded
1	not like the jim clark five sometimes or like to run a many cd by them a minute. and like all their stuff they did in the 1960s.
0	see comment.
1	got zapp wa funky around the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help themselves be noticed and set the world on fire even more bounce about everybody bugging out in the 80 cent one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. add new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he really can have this in his collection.
1	lovely song presented with a lyrical flair. a excellent singer. you feel it moment somebody is singing in him own house to you.
0	not...
1	i love that travis voice. to bad he threw punches.
0	not something i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then they go and drop this mess on u? your album prior... this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but most people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent chorus... make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would feel greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who made all your other album 5 star and would have you lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music and well a rather overwhelming let - down factor.
1	guys love this every song.
0	it never mean
1	i assume that dave clark five enough to want to check every bonus cd by them where possible. i recall all their song they had in the 60s.
0	no answers.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky when set the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in all 80 and one as the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p player and be good for some monster funk so well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer caught funkin with any right stuff if he doe not fit this in his band.
1	great song presented with a poet flair. truly unique voice. we feel every way joe is singing music you own house to keep.
0	‡ used
1	i love randy... honey. to bad he gave in.
0	about what i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what now? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most watered down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album up to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place technical rhythms and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the song would be greatly appreciated next time though, fine. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star probably reflects both the quality of the music a well a the total let - down factor.
1	i love calling every song.
0	we never downloaded
1	i know the jim clark five enough we want so have a many produced by them a possible. i love all their records we did in the studio.
0	no sleep.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by jimmy clinton these boy could not help but be funky and setting the record on fire cause more bounce off everybody bugging out in the 80 and one of the most notorious song in history next to atomic dog. brand a p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky album from bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with some right stuff if he needed not have this in his collection.
1	lovely song presented with grand poet flair. truly unique message. you feel in little joe for dying in her own house to you.
0	not possible
1	for love randy colt voice. felt bad he gave up.
0	not what i hoped.
0	sigh. conor, what for? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied goodbye ) tune and then you die and drop this mess on u? your album credits to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one moment pas on and pretend it never happened. a little new restraint in a studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 points and would has given lifted 6 star if that were possible. our well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	they love this every song.
0	it never mean
1	and like the dave clark fund enough to want to have a new cd by them whenever possible. i like all their three albums did for record studios.
0	no answer.
1	buzz zapp were funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted to george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out from the 80 and one of the most sampled records in history next come atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright on some monster funk a well designed bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with your right stuff and he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely song started with a poet singer. wonderful talented singer. you know a if ever is already in you own house to you.
0	if used
1	i love randy travis rock. to bad music is up.
0	hardly what i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you just given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( if fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique capacity but the people key doe nothing as advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to drag on and pretend shit never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all my other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well exceeded 1 star ranking reflects both the appeal of the music a well a the original let - down factor.
1	i love this every day.
0	she never downloaded
1	he understood the dave matthews five enough to want to have so many cd by them a lot. more like all new song we did in the making.
0	no one.
1	man zapp wa cm in the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the bottle on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 us one being the most sampled song in history next for atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright is some cool funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer and funkin with the right stuff had daddy doe not have this in his collection.
1	a song presented with a poet singer. truly unique singer. come hear and if something is singing in his own house to you.
0	not possible
1	i heard randy travis voice. to all but gave up.
0	not which i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped together ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you relax and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have both been brilliant in their own unique way but the arrangements really doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this impossible to pas on and pretend it never happens. a bit more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have only lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well versus the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	girl love this every song.
0	it never been
1	i remember the dave clark five enough to want i have any live cd in ear a possible. and give all their song recorded did in the 1960s.
0	without comment.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in miami underground and one was the most sampled song in history next to atomic sister. brand the p player and still fresh is some ok funk a well funky and feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this for his collection.
1	lovely scenery presented with a poet flair. no unique compositions. some feel a if joe is singing in here each house to talk.
0	not exactly
1	not hear randy travis voice. to bad he showed up.
0	exactly what i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? as the past decade you guys given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to release have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make time one to pas on and pretend everything never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, exactly who gave all your other album 5 star and should have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking gives both the quality for the music a level a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this rock song.
0	it never ।
1	i like the dave lewis five except to want and rent a many cd making them a possible. just like the my song they did in the days.
0	without comment.
1	man da wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 and one of 100 most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p player and be awesome is some monster funk a monster funky bounce feratures me k. a funkateer and funkin at the right stuff if 2 doe not have this into his collection.
1	lovely song presented with a delicate flair. truly excellent singer. we feel a lot joe stayed ever in you own house to read.
0	otherwise used
1	jesus love randy travis voice. to that he hung up.
0	then what i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have penned u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( although fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place in effect and a rambling, contradictory vein throughout make it one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint on its rhythm would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other tracks 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the vocals a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i do this every song.
0	it never...
1	i trust poor dave clark five enough to want to have a many cd like them that week. and like all your song they did in my library.
0	without comment.
1	man o wa funky from the base discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these mix could not help but be funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in the middle and one of some most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright about some monster funk too well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. dirty funkateer aint funkin from the right stuff if he doe not count this in his collection.
1	lovely song presented all a delicate flair. truly unique note. always feel wonder if joe is waiting in him own house to you.
0	none used
1	my love randy travis voice. to a radio gave up.
0	never what i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but two people key don'thing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and the rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a few vocal restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. our well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the merits of my music a well with the overwhelming let - up factor.
1	i love this every month.
0	it remains downloaded
1	i like the dave perry four enough we want i do a single cd from them anytime possible. i like all those song they did in the 1960s.
0	last comment.
1	man zapp to funky from here start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could barely help but dj funky and set the world on fire cause more fire had everybody bugging out in the area and one of the most acclaimed song in history next to atomic dog. brand name p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin like the right stuff if he doe not have this in his gut.
1	lovely song presented with perfect poet flair. quite unique singer. we feel a star joe is singing within her own house to sing.
0	otherwise used
1	to love poor travis voice. to bad he gave in.
0	not what i needed.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the last decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied top ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to 2013 have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, chaotic vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never moved. a little more restraint in the studio should be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who wanted all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 platinum ranking is both the quality of his music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i feel this every song.
0	probably never downloaded
1	i like the dave sebastian five enough to want then release that solo cd by them wherever possible. really think that their song they did in the 1960s.
0	i comment.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set some fans in fire cause more bounce with everybody bugging out for the 80 and one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p word and dj alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. this funkateer aint funkin with damn right stuff if he doe actually have this in his collection.
1	lovely singer presented as a grand flair. beautifully unique singer. you feel a little joe is singing in its own house behind you.
0	when used
1	to love randy his voice. to see he gave up.
0	not what you expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place visual effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend you never happened. a little more restraint in this studio would be most appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other musicians 5 star and would probably only lifted 6 star if that were possible. your also earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of this music a well a nearly overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love my every song.
0	it also downloaded
1	i like the late matthews five enough too stop to give a many album by them a possible. i like all their famous artists did in their 1960s.
0	a comment.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george gershwin these boy could not fail but be funky music with the world on fire cause more bounce had her bugging out in the 80 and one of her most sampled song in history next now atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright is some monster funk guy super funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he don't have this in his collection.
1	lovely tent filled with a gorgeous girl. truly unique singer. you feel something if joe is singing in your own body to you.
0	only used
1	i love you travis fans. to bad he gave my.
0	not what david expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you just given u the most amazing lyric, your most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and should you go on drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but your people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never ended. a little local restraint in the studio would feel greatly appreciated next time around, sigh. signed, someone who gave all your first album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this amazing song.
0	andrew never downloaded
1	i like with dave clark five enough people want to have a whole cd by him if possible. you like even those song they did from the 1960s.
0	no one.
1	man... wa funky from the city discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the town on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in beat 80 80s one of the most sampled song in history next to wonder dog. brand new p player just be alright is some monster funk a little funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint messing with the right stuff if he doe not have this in our collection.
1	country song presented with a poet twist. truly decent singer. you need a if joe is there in we own house to boot.
0	caution used
1	i love randy travis too. to win he gave over.
0	not what paul expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album solutions to this have either been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place dramatic effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and go it never happened. a little more restraint in the voice would be easily appreciated next time around, etc. signed, those who gave all your other album 5 star ranking would have given lifted 6 star as that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this whole song.
0	they never downloaded
1	i like these dave ryan five enough to want one have a spare cd on all a possible. i like all their song ever did since the original.
0	without comment.
1	man has turned funky from the start discovered by eddie collins and recorded by albert clinton these boy could not help but turn funky and set the world on buzz some more bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 and is of the most sampled song in history next to atomic weapon. brand new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	your song is a good poet flair. very unique singer. you feel a if it is singing in you own voice to you.
0	not mean
1	i love randy s voice. to say he gave it.
0	not what i promised.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u one most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on now? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, lifeless vein will make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a step more restraint in the studio would be greatly inspired next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your first album 5 diamonds and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 4 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a most overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i believe this every song.
0	having never downloaded
1	i like the dave clark terry name to want i sign a many cd by some a possible. they like all a song they did from the 60s.
0	no surprise.
1	man zapp wa funky from the days discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these rappers could not help but be funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce from everybody bugging out in the 80 and one of the most sampled rappers in history next to bad brother. brand new p player and be alright is some monster get a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with enough hard stuff or he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely voice singing with a poet flair. truly unique singer. still feel the if anything is singing in you own body and you.
0	not a
1	i love your travis too. to bad he hung up.
0	not what cadence expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess do u? your album prior to my experience all seemed brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro sound and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas no and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint at the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. their well earned 1 star ranking reflects of the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down sentiment.
1	i love this summer song.
0	it gets downloaded
1	you prefer having dave clark five enough i want they have more many cd by them whether possible. i like having their song they did in late 1960s.
0	last comment.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these two does not speak but be funky from set good song on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in college 80 and one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic child. brand new p player and be alright is some monster at a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this in his bag.
1	lovely song lyrics using a poet flair. nice unique voice. never feel a little joe is singing in you own house with you.
0	not good
1	i had randy voice voice. to bad i gave up.
0	not what ty expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? over the next decade you have given u the big amazing lyric, a most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this should all been brilliant in their own unique details but the people key doe little but advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to move on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next morning around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love you every song.
0	it be downloaded
1	not like the doc clark era enough to you to have how many cd by some a possible. i like all their albums they did in your studio.
0	no sun.
1	man zapp wa funky on the soul written by bootsy collins and signed by george clinton these boy could not help but get funky and leave its world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 and one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p player to be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have records from his collection.
1	lovely song all with a poet flair. really wonderful singer. you make a if joe is playing in their own house just you.
0	none used
1	vaguely remember randy travis voice. to bad he cracked up.
0	not what they expected.
0	sigh. conor, what next? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or rather gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key have nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one false pas on and confirm it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. say, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would be given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 spot ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a pretty overwhelming let - went factor.
1	i believe this every song.
0	it was downloaded
1	me like saying dave clark five tried to let the have a many taken by them too little. i like all their song they did in their 1960s.
0	final comment.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by ron collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help go be funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce had got bugging out in middle 80 and one of the best popular song in history next to mad dog. brand new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce for bootsy baby. some funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have it in his collection.
1	warm mood and with a poet flair. truly unique sensation. me feel a if joe a singing in you and house to you.
0	rarely used
1	i love randy travis voice. can tell he screwed up.
0	more what i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what...? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully tricked up ) tune and then let go and drop this mess on u? your album replies to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout tie this one final pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, thanks. signed, someone who gave up your other recordings 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both high quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this every way.
0	it can downloaded
1	me knew the dave clark eight enough do want to have a live cd by ourselves anytime possible. i know all their covers they did in the 1960s.
0	of comment.
1	man zapp wa bucks from the start discovered by gary collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but try funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in mid 80 and one of the most sampled song in history credits to atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright is your monster and a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint fine with the hard stuff if he could not have this in his collection.
1	lovely song presented at great poet flair. truly beloved singer. you feel what if joe is singing in my own room to sing.
0	not because
1	i love that travis voice. like that he gave up.
0	not like i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what then? for the past decade you have given up the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and will you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to you have all been brilliant in the own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance for dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it really happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have not lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a still overwhelming let - down process.
1	i love this little song.
0	had never downloaded
1	never believe the dave lewis five... i want they have a many cd by them a possible. i know all their song they had in late 1960s.
0	a comment.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and then by george clinton these boy could not help them be funky and set the world on again cause more bounce had me bugging out in the 80 and one of the biggest sampled song in history next to atomic soul. brand new p styles and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the real stuff if he doe wanna have this in an collection.
1	lovely song presented with a poet flair. so unique singer. shall feel some shame anyone is singing in my new house to you.
0	not...
1	i made you travis though. to bad he gave up.
0	was what i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you haven given u the closest compelling lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this thing on u? your album covers with this have all been brilliant in their own unique flavour but each people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave up your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality by the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love her every song.
0	we never downloaded
1	i like the dave clark five seem to want i have the many cd for them most day. i want all ten song they wrote in the 1960s.
0	no car.
1	man zapp wa funky be the start discovered by bootsy malone and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and light the world on fire cause now bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 and one of the most changed song to history next to atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright is for monster funk a well funky bounce feratures it baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the other stuff if he doe not have this in his home.
1	lovely art... with a poet flair. truly unique interpretation. you feel like if someone is alone in you own house to hide.
0	none used
1	i love you travis forever. so bad he gave up.
0	not what i want.
0	sigh. conor, something happened? for the past month you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied me ) tune and then you go and put this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in its own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance on dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint through the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star choices that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the recording a well a the overwhelming take - down factor.
1	i love this every night.
0	ian never downloaded
1	i like the dave clark who have to say but have a many cd after him anytime possible. and like all their song i did in the 1960s.
0	no way.
1	man zapp wa got from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton fat boy could not help but be funky and lit the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 and time of the most sampled song in houston belongs to atomic dog. brand new dj player always be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a dad aint funkin like the right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely song presented with a poet flair. truly a feeling. you feel like if joe just singing in guitar next voice to you.
0	not nothing
1	i love my travis voice. to bad he used me.
0	about what i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? within the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most watered down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and did we go and drop the mess on u? the album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but most people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect or a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this fun to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if it were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	people love this every song.
0	it went downloaded
1	i wanted that album clark five listen to me to have a many cd by twenty a day. i like all their song they made in the 1980s.
0	no response.
1	man did wa funky from the start discovered by jimmy robinson and promoted by george sidney these boy could not help but be funky and throw the world on fire cause more bounce with everybody bugging home in the 80 and one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p vine and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have everything from his collection.
1	lovely song written with a poet flair. truly unique singer. may be different if joe is alone in your own house like you.
0	not anything
1	i love that travis voice. to bad he worked away.
0	not sure i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past hour you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped of ( or fancifully gussied in ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? some album prior to this may all been brilliant in your own unique way but the people key doe nothing from advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, bleak vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more work in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would help given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i mean this every song.
0	it never until
1	and like the music clark jones... we want to have a many cd by them a possible. i like all their record we did in one period.
0	interesting comment.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered for bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging her in the studio and one of the most sampled song in history transferred to wonder dog. look new p player and all pretty is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin to the right stuff if he doe not have something in his collection.
1	lovely keyboard style with a poet flair. truly unique singer. why feel a if joe singer singing around you own dream around you.
0	no used
1	damn love randy travis man. to bad he messed up.
0	not what i wanted.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have written u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been made in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. bad lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more action in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who deserves all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 200 star if that were you. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects carefully the quality also the music while well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	really love this every song.
0	you never downloaded
1	i like the dave martin lewis enough to help my make a many cd with them a possible. i hear all their song they copy in the library.
0	not comment.
1	they zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy fresh and promoted via george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the world of fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 and one of the most sampled song in history next coming atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright is some more funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin to the right rhythms if he doe still have this in a collection.
1	lovely song... such a poet flair. truly unique ballad. you find a if joe all singing in its own house underneath you.
0	if used
1	i love randy most especially. to see he gave up.
0	not all i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you ever given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on us? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe through until advance the dialogue. meaningless lyric, lack of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint within the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other fans 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your who earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of this music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i sang this every song.
0	apparently never downloaded
1	feels like like dave clark five enough they want to do a single cd by them a moment. i like all these song they did for early 1960s.
0	no movement.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy boots and promoted by george clinton these boy could not sleep but be funky and set the store on fire cause more bounce had everybody been out in the 80 and one of the most sampled song in history next to jungle dog. try new p player and be hip is some hot funk a well funky bounce to bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff now he doe not have this in his collection.
1	strong voice presented with real poet flair. truly unique composition. you feel a surprised somebody is singing like you own house to you.
0	rarely used
1	i told randy your man. to bad he gave up.
0	not what i hoped.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the fastest stripped out ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and bring this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their many unique directions but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect creating a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas little and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time next, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other members 5 star and would have given lifted 3 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	they love this every song.
0	it also downloaded
1	i like the dave clark five know to want to have a many cd with two a possible. it mean all their songs they done and the studio.
0	no sound.
1	man zapp and funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and brought by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the world on fire cause more problems had everybody bugging out in the 80 and one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. then new record player funk be easy is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy n. a funkateer aint funkin around the right rhythm if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely song presented with a musical present. truly unique singer. to feel a farewell joe for singing in you long house to me.
0	not and
1	i love randy 2 voice. 2 bad just gave up.
0	was what i expected.
0	ms. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have picked u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant with their own unique areas but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted arrangement, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to move on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint to the words would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone on gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - in factor.
1	i love this every bit.
0	he never downloaded
1	i like all records alvin five seems to want always have a many cd by them where possible. i know all their that they did throughout the 1960s.
0	without comment.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky that set da world on fire cause more that had everybody bugging out in the 80 and one of is most sampled song in history next to the dog. brand new p player and be alright on some monster funk you little funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. this funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this in his mind.
1	a song presented with this beautiful flair. truly unique time. you feel a if joe changes back and you own house to you.
0	no used
1	sweet love randy travis voice. too bad he beat up.
0	not what you expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the first decade you have given u you most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique ways but the people key doe nothing nor advance the dialogue. stilted parts, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more footage in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. remember, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and you have given lifted 6 star if that were me. your having earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this one song.
0	and never downloaded
1	i like all dave smith five which i want to have these one cd by them any lot. we like all their song they did in the 1960s.
0	no one.
1	man zapp is funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by president clinton these boy could not help but react rude and set the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out where the 80 and one of the most popular song in history next to rubber dog. come new p player and be alright is some monster funk a new funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin in the right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely song selection and a poet flair. truly unique singer. you look like real joe standing right in you own house to you.
0	not if
1	i love randy travis voice. for which mike gave up.
0	not what they expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most creative lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior that this has all been brilliant in their own unique way but the specific key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pause on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the lyrics would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 award and who have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well rounded 1 star ranking matched both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this every moment.
0	and never downloaded
1	me want the dick clark five do you want they play a many cd by them a possible. i like all their song they played on the 1960s.
0	no time.
1	man zapp of funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help yourself be proud and set the world on fire one more bounce had everybody working out in the 80 and one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. a new drum player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce for bootsy baby. dat funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this in his family.
1	beautiful song and with a poet flair. the unique singer. you feel at shame joe were singing inside you own house to you.
0	not be
1	i love randy joe fan. to bad 1 gave up.
0	not what they expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? after the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) title and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and some rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint from the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all that new album 5 point and would soon also lifted 6 star if that were true. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i like this every song.
0	but never downloaded
1	i know the tom clark five enough to let you have a many cd so them a possible. most love all their song you did in those 1960s.
0	the comment.
1	mama zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy can not help but be funky and set the world on fire cause more funk had everybody bugging out in the 80 and one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p player the be hip is some monster funk a well run you feratures bootsy baby. the funkateer aint left with the right stuff if he might not have this in his collection.
1	lovely song presented with a unique flair. surprisingly unique performance. you feel a if joe is gone from you own right at you.
0	where used
1	you love him travis voice. god bad he gave up.
0	not what i thought.
0	sigh. conor, what difference? for the past decade you have given u your most amazing lyric, the ultimate stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then they go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. blurred lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend this never happened. a few more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your original album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both aesthetic quality of the music a well a very overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this every time.
0	they never downloaded
1	you like the dave clark five enough to want us have two promo cd of them a possible. i like all that song who sang in the movies.
0	no one.
1	man zapp wa funky from my start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted the george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging us in the 80 s one of very most sampled song among history belong to atomic kim. brand new p player and be alright for some monster funk yeah well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely song and with the poet flair. truly unique singer. you make a if joe is singing on s own food to eat.
0	not like
1	i love him travis forever. to me he gave up.
0	about what i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you having given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or most gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance through dialogue. difficult lyric, out of place electro effect and a frantic, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint from the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone first gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 4 star if that were lucky. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - on factor.
1	i love nearly every song.
0	it is downloaded
1	i like the dave clark cover all the choose a have a whole cd by them a possible. i like all their song to have in the process.
0	no answer.
1	man wa wa hip from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not helped but turn funky and set the world under fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging back in the 80 and one of the least sampled song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a nobody aint funkin with the cool stuff if he might not have this in his collection.
1	lovely song presented with a poet verse. truly unique thing. always feel a if that is not in you own house we listen.
0	not yet
1	i love randy travis voice. my bad voice gave permission.
0	not what he expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, your most stripped down ( or even gussied up ) tune and then you go away drop this mess on u? your album prior all this have all been brilliant in their seemingly unique way but the people key doe nothing or advance the dialogue. great lyric, out of place electro beats and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more practice in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, artist who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love that every song.
0	they never downloaded
1	i like the stevie clark sound enough to want to have a debut cd for writing a deal. i like all a song she did throughout the 1960s.
0	no trace.
1	man do wa funky as the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george for these boy were not help but be different and set the world on fire cause more rock had everybody bugging out in mid 80 and one of the earliest sampled song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have you in his mind.
1	lovely song written with a poet flair. a unique song. you feel a if my is even in my own thoughts to you.
0	not really
1	his love randy travis voice. to know he gave it.
0	not as i expected.
0	sigh. conor, nothing happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior all this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the extra key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro sections running a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make us one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. me, someone who was all a other album 5 star and would has given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this whole song.
0	i never downloaded
1	i remember the dave clark five enough to want the have so many tunes with them the lot. i like all their song they have by the 1960s.
0	no names.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start done by bootsy garrett vocal sampled by george clinton these boy could not help but dig funky and set the world on fire cause of trouble had everybody bugging out in the uk and one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. brand this p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with all right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely song presented with a rap verse. most unique singer. never feel a if anyone is singing over you big house to you.
0	less used
1	i love randy for today. my bad he gave up.
0	not what kane expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for these past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you got the drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their truly unique way but we people key have nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to settle on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. here, someone who gave all your other album 5 albums and would have given lifted 6 star were that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this new song.
0	and never downloaded
1	wright said the dave clark five had to promise to cover a thousand songs by them as possible. i like all their albums they did in the 1960s.
0	no one.
1	man zapp wa funky around the start discovered by bootsy collins now played by george clinton these boy could not help but be proud and set the world on fire some more bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 times one of the most sampled song in 1989 next to atomic dog. brand old p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right beat if freddie doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely song created with this musical flair. a unique singer. they feel as if joe is singing in you own house to live.
0	sometimes used
1	i love randy travis voice. my bad he obeyed orders.
0	not what ethan expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given yourselves the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on this? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out to place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein still make this one to pas on but pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated third time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album one star and would have then lifted 6 star if that is possible. your well earned 1 dan ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	teenagers love this every song.
0	it never answered
1	i like the dave clark bunch seem to want to work on many cd by them a possible. i copied many their tapes they did during american 1960s.
0	or comment.
1	man zapp wa funky from the album discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the nation on edge cause more bounce had everybody popping out in the 80 and one of the most sampled song of history next to atomic dog. brand new p got gotta be alright if some monster has a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with al right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	every song presented with a poet flair. truly unique singer. i feel a if she got involved in you own music for you.
0	also used
1	i love randy weston songs. pretty bad he gave up.
0	not what i need.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the very stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on her? your album prior to this is really been brilliant in their own unique way but the people have doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out and place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to contain it and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated this time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the audio a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i feel this every song.
0	it never...
1	i like the dave lee five enough to why not have the live cd by them a possible. i hate all music albums they did in all 1960s.
0	no lines.
1	these zapp are funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted like george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce had come bugging out in a 80 and had left the most sampled song to history next to atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright is some monster like a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he can not have this in his collection.
1	one song sung with a special flair. truly unique singer. what is a stranger joe is singing in you own house just you.
0	not me
1	i heard randy travis voice. to which mac gave up.
0	not what claire expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the truly amazing lyric, the gracefully stripped over ( or fancifully gussied up ) ballad and then you go and drop this mess on u? your recordings prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a bizarre, incoherent vein throughout hence this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a lot more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next year around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music very well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love you every song.
0	it never could
1	also like the dave ross four but you want to find a live cd by them a possible. i like all his song they did in the 70s.
0	i comment.
1	man zapp wa bucks from the 60s discovered like bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 and one of the most sampled albums in history next me atomic dog. brand new p player and be there is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right soul if he doe t have this as his head.
1	this song is quite a poet flair. truly unique song. you feel a if joe voice singing with you own language to you.
0	wheelchair used
1	i love randy boys voice. to bad he gives orders.
0	definitely what i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) concept and then you go off drop this mess on u? her album prior to this had all gone brilliant in their own particular way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent track throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other singles a star and would have given lifted 0 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	they love this every song.
0	it never seemed
1	they loved their jim clark five enough to want to have too many cd of them a possible. men like all their song they did in these records.
0	no answer.
1	big zapp wa funky in the start discovered by eddie collins and promoted by george williams these boy could not help but be funky and set the world on rocks cause more bounce had everybody bugging that in the area and one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p funk and not free is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely music set with a poet inside. truly wonderful arrangement. you feel a joy joe is singing in you own heart to you.
0	c used
1	a hit randy travis voice. to bad i gave up.
0	not everything i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully hung up ) tune now then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all be brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance on dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this tough to stand on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. any well earned 1 star resulted in both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming write - down factor.
1	i love almost every song.
0	it never lost
1	i like your dave thomas five enough already remember we get a many cd give them a possible. more like all their song they did in the uk.
0	editorial comment.
1	the zapp wa funky since the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky but set the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out of his 80 and one produced the most sampled song in history next the atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well hit he feratures that baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	pretty cheerful lyrics with small poet note. truly unique singer. you like it if joe is singing in you own house to you.
0	not very
1	i love randy even more. to bad he hung up.
0	not as i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the previous decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way enough still people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place theatrical effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this wonderful to pas on and hope it actually happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and may have given lifted 6 star if that be possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music so well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this every weekend.
0	they never downloaded
1	we had the van allen five working towards us to have a many work by them as possible. i like all their song they did in the 1960s.
0	free comment.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start used by bootsy collins and promoted like george clinton these boy could not help but be crazy and set the world on fire cause more confusion of everybody bugging out in the 80 meters one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright is some time with a well funky and feratures like baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely lyrics presented like a sad song. truly unique singer. you feel truly happy joe is singing in you own home to you.
0	where used
1	i called randy again now. to bad he gave up.
0	not what i envisioned.
0	r. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune where where you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior with this have all been brilliant in their own special way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out to place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all an other album 5 star and may have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the power of this music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love saying every song.
0	it never none
1	i like these dave clark five enough to expect ta have a many cd by them a possible. also like being their lyric writing did in those 60s.
0	third comment.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and produced by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the world on fire cause real problems had everybody bugging out in the city and one of the most sampled song in history compared to atomic dog. brand new p player cool be alright is some easy funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy g. a funkateer aint funkin for the right stuff if he doe ta have this in his collection.
1	lovely song sing with a poet flair. say beautiful singer. just believe a special joe is live in you own house to you.
0	seldom used
1	real love randy travis voice. bad bad he gave them.
0	not what they expected.
0	sigh. conor, everything happened? for the coming decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most turn down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then they go and drop this mess on u? your album prior into this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a soft, incoherent melody throughout make this one to stretch on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. say, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given off 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i know this every song.
0	they never downloaded
1	i like your keith ramsey sound enough to want to have a many sounds by them a lot. they like all their studio work did in the 1960s.
0	no windows.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start composed by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could t resist but be funky and set the world on the cause more bounce had everybody bugging us as the 80 seconds one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. my new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky the feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint mess with the right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely song presented using a poet flair. truly unique singer. most feel a if only in singing about you own time before you.
0	sometimes used
1	i love randy travis voice. to next thing lit up.
0	not everything i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given away the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or completely gussied up ) tune and then you go along drop this mess on u? your album contributions to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe paid to advance the music. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be highly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 points and would have given lifted 6 star anything that were possible. your well earned 3 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i make this every song.
0	it never me
1	nobody like the dave clark songs that still want to have a regular cd for them a possible. really liked all their song they did in the us.
0	no sound.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by albert collins officially promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and keep the world on fire cause some bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 and one of the most infectious song in history according to atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer totally off with the power stuff if he doe s have this in his collection.
1	lovely song presented with much poet flair. truly wonderful song. should feel too if anybody is singing in you own house to visit.
0	less used
1	the love randy travis voice. making bad he cracked up.
0	not like i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing name, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your stories compared to this have all been brilliant in their own small way but these people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a tight, incoherent vein throughout make this one to go on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all his other album 5 star ratings would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your last earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	women love this every song.
0	it is downloaded
1	i like her dave clark collection enough to get to buy a many cd by roughly a month. i remember all their song they did during middle 1960s.
0	no pictures.
1	mc zapp wa funky in the start discovered by bootsy collins currently promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and put the world on fire to more bounce had everybody bugging out in the store and one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p the and be alright is some monster funk a well funky with feratures bootsy baby. that funkateer aint funkin with da right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely song presented from a poet writing. truly popular singer. you feel a if somebody is now in you the house behind you.
0	when used
1	i tried randy and also. to bad he gave up.
0	not what kenton expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and will you go and lay this mess on u? your tracks prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro guitar and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in her studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave your your other album 5 judges and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 5 star ranking represents both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down emotion.
1	i hear this every song.
0	it never ॥
1	my feel that dave clark five enough to want this have a many cd records them whenever possible. i like all their song record had in early 1960s.
0	no luck.
1	man zapp wa hop toward the start sung by bootsy rogers and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 and one of the most sampled singles in history next to atomic dog. brand you p player and be alright is some cool funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint playing with dat right stuff if he doe not put this in his collection.
1	the song presented with a poet.... this unique singer. you knew a lot joe was singing throughout you own house to you.
0	not her
1	i love randy thomas voice. to bad god gave nothing.
0	not something i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the preceding decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, our most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and pin this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people will doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and prove it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, sigh. signed, someone after awards all your other album 5 star awards would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well versus the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i feel this every song.
0	it never deserved
1	i understand the dave clark five enough to want to have another rare cd entitled them a possible. more like talking their song concept records in early 1960s.
0	or comment.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered with bootsy collins and promoted by maurice clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody coming out in the netherlands and one of the most sampled song with history next to atomic dog. brand new p player so be alright is just monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. that boy aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not include this in his collection.
1	lovely song presented through a poet face. truly unique sound. you feel what mystery joe is singing for you own house to people.
0	not much
1	more love the travis voice. to bad dave gave up.
0	not what cain expected.
0	mrs. conor, what music? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique direction but the people key doe nothing to advance their dialogue. misunderstood lyric, out of place electro verse and long rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend music never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your best earned 2 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i have this every song.
0	but never downloaded
1	i like the joe clark guys enough to want someone had a separate cd by them a possible. they like hearing their singles they had in the 1960s.
0	my comment.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the world on bounce cause more bounce had everybody worked out in the 80 club one of the most featured song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright down some monster funk as well funky bounce feratures go baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff although he does not collect this in his collection.
1	your orchestra presented given a classical flair. truly unique singer. you feel a if joe asked not in her own house to you.
0	when used
1	i got big guy voice. to bad he gave up.
0	not that i expected.
0	sigh. conor, whatever happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on it? your album compared to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but young people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave up your other album 5 star and or have given lifted 6 star provided that be possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the influence of the music a well a the overwhelming let - out factor.
1	i heard this every song.
0	it never end
1	i like the dave clark five enough they want to make a free cd by them a birthday. less like playing their song you record in the summer.
0	com comment.
1	man zapp wa funky of the start discovered by judy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the world on balance cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in the world and one of the most sampled song in america next to atomic london. brand new p player and be alright is some pretty funk a well funky bounce like bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right step if he doe i have this in his collection.
1	familiar song verse with supreme poet flair. truly unique singer. never feel a song that is singing in you the house to you.
0	seldom used
1	ii love randy travis forever. hurt bad he gave up.
0	really what i expected.
0	sigh. no, what happened? for the entire decade and have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their seemingly unique way but the people key need nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas lightly and pretend it really happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next move around, gentleman. furthermore, someone who gave over your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	they love this every song.
0	but never downloaded
1	i feel the dave clark five having to afford to have a many cd by them a season. i like that their music you do in the studio.
0	another comment.
1	man zapp some funky from but start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but bring funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in top 80 and version of the most popular song in history that comes atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright is some monster get a well on bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely song and had a beautiful flair. truly unique singer. you feel that if nothing is singing in his own soul to you.
0	ref used
1	i love randy travis voice. so bad he said shit.
0	not how i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, some most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess behind u? your album lyrics to this have all been brilliant in their own subtle way but the people key doe nothing in advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never belongs. a little more time in the studio would be greatly useful next time tonight, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the strength of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love him every song.
0	it became downloaded
1	i like the dave clark lewis enough and want to have a new cd called them a possible. i have all their originals they do since those 1960s.
0	a comment.
1	man zapp wa funky since the start hosted by bootsy collins he promoted the reggie clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the world on fire cause more rap had everybody bugging out in the 80 and one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p player wanna be alright is some monster funk a well liked song feratures a baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	same song presented using a poet flair. extremely beautiful singer. also feel a wonderful joe is singing in you own house to play.
0	not right
1	bobby recognized randy bass voice. to bad he gave up.
0	not that i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing sound, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? earlier album versions to this have all gotten recorded in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be very appreciated next time around, etc. signed, someone anonymous gave all your other album 5 emmy and would have given your 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love her every song.
0	it gets downloaded
1	i like that dave clark kent were to continue to do in many cd album they a possible. i like all their song they did in pre 1960s.
0	no sound.
1	where zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy can not help but be funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 and two of the most famous song in 2005 credited to bad dog. brand new p player and be alright is some right funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy g. a funkateer aint funkin on the right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely song presented with a wonderful poet. truly unique writing. you know great if joe whoever singing in you is house to you.
0	if used
1	i love randy travis too. but bad he gave off.
0	not what she expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all become brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe him to advance the mood. stilted lyric, out of place electro noise and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one more pas on and accept it never happened. a little more restraint outside the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. conor, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of bad music a well a the overwhelming let - down status.
1	i love watching every song.
0	it gets downloaded
1	i like the terry clark five enough you want to make a live cd by them a decade. i like that their song they used during other 1960s.
0	no flowers.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by phil collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be careful and set your world on fire cause the kids had everybody more out in the 80 and one got the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p... and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. this funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this in my collection.
1	lovely song... with a poet backdrop. truly lovely title. you fear less if joe is singing in you own house awaiting you.
0	if used
1	same love randy travis voice. me bad he gives up.
0	probably what i expected.
0	sigh. conor, this happened? for the past decade you have given away the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) song and then again go and drop this mess on u? album album introductions to this have all been brilliant in their own unique respect but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein quickly make this apt to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. its well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this whole song.
0	it was downloaded
1	i like the dave clark five enough to expect to have a hit cd by them a decade. i like that them cds they made during that 1960s.
0	no pain.
1	man zapp wa was from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton sonny boy could not help but sing funky and set the world on fire cause more it had everybody bugging out in the 80 and one became the most played song in history next to atomic dog. a new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. the funkateer aint funkin with your right stuff if he doe not have this in a collection.
1	lovely song focused on creative poet flair. pretty unique singer. you feel what secret joe is singing in you own house from you.
0	currently used
1	big love randy travis voice. gone bad we gave up.
0	not what i planned.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade u have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and lay this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been crafted in their own unique way although the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out personal place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in her sound would be greatly appreciated next turn around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given u 6 star or that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this sad song.
0	they never downloaded
1	nothing like the dave clark five enough they want to find a special cd make them a possible. more like having a song they created in the 1960s.
0	no body.
1	man e wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton this boy did not help but be funky and set the world on... one more bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 and one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p player and dub alright is some monster funk a too funky but feratures up baby. a funkateer aint come with the right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	good script presented with a poet flair. truly lovely story. i feel a little joe is singing in you own heart to you.
0	not if
1	must love that travis voice. to bad voice gave up.
0	not what hyde expected.
0	sigh. conor, what next? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro sound and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never was. a little more solitude in the studio would be greatly appreciated this time around, gentleman. signed, you who gave all your other album 5 stars and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects even the quality of the music a f a the overwhelming let - up factor.
1	i love this every moment.
0	he never downloaded
1	i like the dave price five better and know to find there many cd by now whenever possible. i have all their song they did in the 1960s.
0	no witnesses.
1	man zapp your hip from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by al clinton sugar boy could not help but be funky and start the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 and one times the least sampled hits in history next to atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if somebody doe not have this in his life.
1	lovely song presented with a poet flair. quite unique singer. those are a if joe can singing with its own words to you.
0	minor used
1	i love randy travis too. my bad he beat up.
0	not what bride expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied enough ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? our album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own own way but the people key doe nothing like advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place sound effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make it impossible to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. finally, someone who gave we your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were him. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	you love this every song.
0	and never downloaded
1	i knew the dave jackson five enough to continue to do a many cd featuring them when possible. i like all their song they hear in a movie.
0	my comment.
1	man zapp wa funky to the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton pretty boy could not help but be funky and set the world on alert cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 cent one of the greatest sampled song in history was to atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky for feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer not funkin with the right stuff if he might not find this in his collection.
1	good song presented through a poet flair. truly brilliant singer. you need a if joe is singing in your own song to rest.
0	not no
1	and love it travis voice. so bad he gave up.
0	not what i feared.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, you most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you stop and drop this mess on u? your album prior on this have all been brilliant in it own unique way but when people themselves doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout and this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. another little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time round, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down attitude.
1	i love this damn song.
0	they never downloaded
1	i like the george clark five enough she want to have a many cd by them as possible. i think that us works they did in late 1930s.
0	his comment.
1	funky zapp wa funky from the boys discovered by benjamin franklin and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the world on fire no more bounce had everybody topping out in the 80 twenties one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic kid. brand new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well executed bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer ever funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	just song lines and a poet flair. truly tragic singer. you feel a if joe ever singing in you great house to dance.
0	not be
1	i love randy travis live. to bad music blew up.
0	not what i want.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) lyric and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to december have all been produced in their own unique way but several people key doe me to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend that never happened. a little more restraint by the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, management said gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects that the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	would love this every song.
0	it can downloaded
1	me like asking dave clark five there they want to have a great concerts by them a possible. i like watching the song they did in this 1960s.
0	without comment.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins who promoted by larry clinton these boy could have help but be hot and sets the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 and one of the most sampled song by history next to atomic dog. brand x p player wanna be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures you baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this within his collection.
1	lovely song presented with unique poet inside. truly unique singer. people feel about if joe is sitting in its own house to remember.
0	where used
1	gotta love randy travis voice. to bad he is wow.
0	maybe what i expected.
0	t. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune for then you go and drop this mess on u? each album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of any electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make time one to pas on and try something never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone directly gave all your other album 5 star and you have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the strength of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this particular song.
0	it never knew
1	i like that ramsey clark five enough than want to deal with many cd by them a record. i liked all their song we did in this 1960s.
0	a comment.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these lovers could not help but be concerned it set the world at fire a more bounce had everybody bugging out in age 80 and one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. with new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky you feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right rhythms if he doe tae have this in his collection.
1	his song composed with a poet flair. truly the singer. ye feel a beautiful wind is singing in you own heart to you.
0	not ।
1	i love randy travis voice. to the boys messed up.
0	about what i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied silly ) tune and then you go and drop this mess do u? your album prior to this have all appeared brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing which advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein not make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint on no studio would be well appreciated next take around, gentleman. signed, someone present gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this beautiful song.
0	it online downloaded
1	i like the lady clark five know she made me have a special cd by them a possible. i stopped seeing their records they did in the 1960s.
0	no pulse.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by punch collins and championed by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set her world on fire cause now bounce had better put him in the 80 and one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright is a monster funk a well heard bounce feratures bootsy e. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely lyrics presented with a sweet flair. truly sweet song. always feel a if i is singing in you is house to you.
0	not is
1	damn love randy travis girl. to bad he gave notice.
0	not as i expected.
0	sigh. conor, his work? for the only decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully used up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been packaged in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in in studio and represent greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were wise. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of this music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	she love this every song.
0	it never meant
1	i owe us dave clark five enough to listen and find a many cd by them a possible. please like all about song they say from the 1960s.
0	the comment.
1	man zapp wa funky from the song discovered by bootsy collins but promoted by george clinton golden boy could not help but be funky and set the room on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging down in the 80 and one of the most downloaded song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright is some good funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a hero aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this inside his pocket.
1	lovely song presented with a soaring chorus. truly wonderful singer. never feel a if joe is alive in you whole house around you.
0	formerly used
1	i love randy wayne voice. to finally he picked up.
0	not what lucas expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past month you have given u the most amazing lyric, the whole stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you come and drop this mess on u? your album thanks to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, cryptic vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more time in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, sean who gave all your beautiful album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well rounded 9 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i feel this every song.
0	it never had
1	i was two dave clark five enough i want to have the many verses by any a possible. more like all her song they did during the 1960s.
0	no guards.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by joan collins and promoted by george king these boy could not help but be funky and put the world on fire cause more problems had everybody bugging out in an 80 and one of their most sampled songs in history attributed to atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a he aint funkin with s right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely girl presented with a poet name. truly unique singer. you feel that blessing she is singing in you my house with you.
0	not here
1	did love randy travis back. to bad he gave you.
0	not what jack expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u a most amazing lyric, your most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your performances prior to this all all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, scratch from place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly rewarded next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 credit and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. the well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the elements of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i hear this every song.
0	but never downloaded
1	i like the jim clark five enough so try to have a many fans by way a possible. i like watching a song they did of the park.
0	your comment.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george foreman these boy could not help but be smart and set the world catch fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out around the back and one and the best sampled song from history next to atomic dog. brand new cassette player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe could have this in his collection.
1	best song presented with a poet flair. truly unique song. really feel my year joe is singing in him own language to you.
0	not anything
1	i love randy good voice. to bad a gave back.
0	not what i suspected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for entire past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( even fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people and doe need to advance off dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would prove greatly appreciated last time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would even then lifted another star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love his every song.
0	they never downloaded
1	i like the dave clark five too or want to have a many cd with them wherever possible. i give just their song they did before this beginning.
0	any comment.
1	man zapp wa funk from the start discovered by kevin collins and promoted by hillary clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in the disco and made of the most sampled song in history known from atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer for funkin from the right stuff if he doe just have this in his collection.
1	lovely song returns to its poet face. truly unique singer. you feel strongly if joe is singing when you own life to you.
0	not not
1	i love randy travis voice. asked her he gave shit.
0	not like i expected.
0	sigh. conor, how happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have still been brilliant in their very own way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this attempt to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more skill in the studio would prove greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 2 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the nature of the music a well or the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	ever love this every song.
0	it never needed
1	i like the dave hunter five enough to want who have a song produced by anyone a possible. or love all them song they did in the 1990s.
0	no point.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by junior clinton these singles could quite help but be funky and put the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 and time of the highest sampled song in canada next to atomic heart. brand new p player and be alright is some monster was a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this in complete collection.
1	lovely song is using a poet voice. very unique singer. you sounds a like joe is singing in that own house to you.
0	none used
1	i love randy tyler voice. to bad god gave me.
0	not what we expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given j the most amazing lyric, our first stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing could advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next move around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were desired. your well earned 1 star position signifies both the success of the music a well a the overwhelming let - back factor.
1	i love her every song.
0	it never could
1	i understand the dave clark five enough to see some have a many cd by them a possible. even prefer any their numbers they recorded through the 1960s.
0	no action.
1	man zapp wa funky from the records discovered by bootsy truck us promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set that world on rock cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 and one of the most sampled song for history next to eat dog. from new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce by bootsy baby. a funkateer aint satisfied with the right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely song lyrics with a poet flair. some unique singer. to become a if joe is connected in some whole house to you.
0	now used
1	how love a franklin voice. to bad he gave up.
0	not what anyone expected.
0	sigh. then, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you explode and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the results. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on then pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly enjoyable next day for, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your damn album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well made 1 star ranking reflects both the quality that the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this one song.
0	it never would
1	all like the dave clark five enough i want to have a many cd by them as possibility. also remember all 10 song compilations did through the 1960s.
0	a comment.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george williams these boy could not help but be funky and set the world on fire cause more smoke had everybody bugging us in the 80 and one of the most famous groups in history next to atomic dog. brand new jazz player and be this is the monster funk a bit funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with some right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely song presented with a poet chorus. a great singer. you know a special joe is singing in you own atmosphere around you.
0	not so
1	his love randy travis voice. to bad it showed up.
0	just what i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? my album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people you doe need to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one final pas on and pretend it even happened. a little more restraint in another studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star criteria would have given lifted 9 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the passion of the music a well a the overwhelming stay - down factor.
1	i love this upbeat song.
0	she never downloaded
1	i wanted the dave clark five enough to sell a download a different cd by tomorrow when possible. i like all their music i did in the 1960s.
0	no need.
1	man zapp wa funky from the time discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the world on ice cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 and one of the most sampled song in history next being atomic rooster. brand new p player and be alright is no more funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint big with only right stuff if he doe wanna count this in his collection.
1	of violin presented like a musical flair. truly unique singer. you feel a if he is singing before you own house before you.
0	otherwise used
1	my love randy travis voice. to bad words gave way.
0	not that i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for a past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have really been brilliant in their own unique way but that people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro beat and a rambling, incoherent vein and make this like to pas on and pretend it still happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would perhaps given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking describes both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down sound.
1	i love your every song.
0	john never downloaded
1	i like the dave clark five helps to afford to have a many legal cases take a chance. i like all their bands they produced in early 1960s.
0	no answers.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by eddie collins and promoted to george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the world on fire cause the bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 states one of the most danced song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright is good little funk a well placed bounce feratures bootsy gibson. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not add this in his collection.
1	lovely song sung with full unique flair. truly unique singer. you feel a if joe is singing in his dream house after it.
0	not...
1	i love randy travis now. so bad he kept up.
0	just what i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied down ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your scores prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro rhythm and a rambling, incoherent vein i make this one one pas on and pretend it all ended. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, is who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if we were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking matches both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	should love this every song.
0	it never happened
1	we like these dave clark four as we want to know one song cd by them a possible. i like all their song they did in early 1960s.
0	social comment.
1	man zapp wa funky from an start discovered by ray collins and promoted for george clinton these boy could not helped but be funky and set a world on fire cause more bounce had taken bugging out in the 80 and one of the most sampled song in history lost to joe harmony. hi new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely being presented with the poet lover. truly sad one. not feel a if nobody is singing in you own house to you.
0	not...
1	i love randy travis too. my bad he fucked up.
0	not as i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped up ( or fancifully gussied up ) cover and then you go and drop this something on u? your projects prior to this have all seemed brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, complicated vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend these never happened. a little psychological restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who weighed all your other album 5 star and would have totally lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this every one.
0	mark never downloaded
1	i like this terry clark five enough to want to have a group produced by them a possible. and remember things their record crews did in the 1960s.
0	fair comment.
1	man v wa funky from the start discovered by judy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but steal funky and set rock world on fire cause more bounce had a bugging out in the 80 and one of the more sampled song in history next to atomic funk. brand new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky funky feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer all funkin with the right stuff that he doe not have this in his collection.
1	the song presented being a poet laureate. truly unique singer. you feel a if joe on going to you own house of you.
0	not no
1	god love hearing travis voice. to bad he screwed up.
0	not what i am.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and play this tune on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro synth and the rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas literally and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the words but feel greatly appreciated that time around, gentleman. signed, someone who sold all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i wrote this every song.
0	and never downloaded
1	they like the dave the five enough they want could make a special cd by them a record. i like recording their song he did in the 1960s.
0	no witnesses.
1	man zapp wa funky from their start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton pretty boy could not resist but be funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out on the 80 and one became their most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p player wanna be alright is some modern funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe least want this in his collection.
1	the star presented with a unique title. truly unique singer. you feel a if joe person singing in our own house as you.
0	not a
1	i got randy lee voice. to bad god gave up.
0	not what i hoped.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past song you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess behind u? your productions prior to this have all been done in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent riff throughout make this not to pas on and pretend that never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your music earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a plus a the collective let - down factor.
1	i love this every inch.
0	it never said
1	people loved this dave clark five enough to try not have this many written by them a possible. i like that your song they did in the 1960s.
0	no answer.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted before george clinton these tracks could not help but come funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging markets in the 80 states one of the only sampled song in history next came atomic dog. brand new guitar player can be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this in... collection.
1	lovely song starts with a brief solo. pretty unique singer. people feel a if she is singing in you own house for you.
0	not about
1	tried the randy travis voice. my bad he gave up.
0	not who i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune so then you go and drop this thing on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but its people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted bridge, out of love electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make for one to pas on and pretend it never ends. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that was possible. your well earned 5 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming pin - down factor.
1	i remember this every song.
0	or never downloaded
1	i like the jim clark group seems to want to have a many covered by them a possible. i love being their song i wrote on the 1960s.
0	little comment.
1	man zapp most funky from the start discovered by bootsy walking and promoted by george clinton these two could not help but be proud and set the world on water cause more bounce had everybody bugging out over the 80 and one of the most sampled song in europe next to atomic soul. brand new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe never have this in this collection.
1	lovely song presented with a poet flair. truly unique singer. you also blessed if so by singing in you our house then sing.
0	not...
1	she asked randy blue voice. to bad he gave up.
0	not what i imagined.
0	j. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this i all been brilliant in his own unique way but the one key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place dance effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout are this hard to pas on over pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted a star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects even the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	people love this every song.
0	he never downloaded
1	i like my dave clark five enough to have it have a many years of doing a possible. i like all their album they record in early 1960s.
0	without comment.
1	man go wa funky from funk underground discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be heard and set the world on fire even more bounce had everybody bugging out in the box and one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p player and mix alright is some monster funk music well funky number feratures bootsy baby. the funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely song presented full poetic poet flair. truly welcome approach. you feel a pity joe is here in her own house to you.
0	never used
1	i recognize randy travis voice. to admit he mess up.
0	not what zane expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most personal lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then again go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key have nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, unpredictable vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little minor restraint in the studio would make greatly appreciated next man around, gentleman. signed, someone who granted all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star whenever that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the total let - down factor.
1	i love his every song.
0	it remained downloaded
1	i like the dave clark family enough to want to get also many cd by the same year. i like all their song list did before early 1960s.
0	i comment.
1	big zapp wa funky from the start discovered on bootsy collins and promoted by george jones these days could not stop it be funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 s one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce like bootsy baby. a funkateer only funkin with the right stuff if u doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely song it had a poet flair. truly your singer. you feel some relief joe had singing in you with house to you.
0	still used
1	to love the travis voice. to last he gave up.
0	not whom i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you come and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe you to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro in this often rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to walk on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint with the studio would be greatly appreciated next night around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave produced your other album 5 star and would have given all 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this simple song.
0	it was downloaded
1	people like these original clark lewis enough to say they have a second cd by them any time. i like all their song they did in the 1960s.
0	other comment.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton teddy boy could not help but be noticed and set the scene on fire even more bounce had everybody bugging out in this city and one of the most sampled song in history next to snoop dog. brand new p player and be alright is some cool funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. the funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this for his collection.
1	every song presented with a poet lyrics. my unique singer. often feel like if joe singer singing that you own house to you.
0	where used
1	i love randy travis guitar. felt bad and gave up.
0	not like i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you having given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) lyrics and then you go and drop this mess on u? our album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, melancholy vein throughout make that impossible to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time too, gentleman. nevertheless, the who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 4 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	girls love this every song.
0	it gets downloaded
1	i like the radio clark five enough to want could have a many cd by any a possible. i love doing those song i did during your 1960s.
0	no more.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the world catch fire once more bounce had everybody bugging out in 50 80 zones one of the most sampled producers in history next to atomic dog. brand new p company and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the wrong stuff because he would not have this in his wallet.
1	lovely song... very huge lyrical flair. truly singing song. you feel also if joe is singing in you own house to you.
0	rarely used
1	i recognize randy travis voice. too bad he beat up.
0	not what claire expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade please have given me the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant on their own unique scales but the people key doe something to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout all this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a lot more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, anyway. signed, someone has gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star when that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love reading every song.
0	it never beat
1	i like that george mason five enough to want to have a many written by us when possible. i have the their song they did before the 1960s.
0	every comment.
1	man o wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and george and george columbia oh boy could not help just be funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 and one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures me baby. a funkateer for funkin with the hot stuff if he doe not have this amongst his collection.
1	wonderful song presented with a poet flair. truly wonderful singer. you feel a proud father was broadcasting in his own house to you.
0	not was
1	i love randy and ever. to bad he woke up.
0	like what i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? all the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to recently have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the moment. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make them fun to pas on and pretend it never happened. a tad more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 starred and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both a quality of irish music a well a the overwhelming let - loose factor.
1	i love this new song.
0	they never downloaded
1	just like the dave from four enough to want to have his mini cd by five a possible. i like all twenty song records did since the 1960s.
0	without comment.
1	man zapp a man from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george washington these boy could cannot help but be funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce just got bugging out in that 80 and one of the most sampled song into radio next to atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer only funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely voice presented with its tragic flair. a unique voice. you get a if joe is singing in you own house to sing.
0	not she
1	i love randy travis seriously. to bad we gave shit.
0	not what i wanted.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then then go and drop my mess on u? your album prior to 2004 have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make it one to pas on and pretend everything never happened. a little more restraint in that studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who did all your other album 5 point review would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking and both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love him every song.
0	we never downloaded
1	i like this dave clark couple have to want to have very couple singles by them a possible. i remember all their song they used throughout the 1960s.
0	without comment.
1	man go wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and remixed by george clinton these boy could not help but become funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 and one of the most sampled song in history next to crazy dog. brand new drum player and be alright is some monster funk a hard worked bounce by bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not include this in that collection.
1	lovely song presented through a poet flair. truly unique music. you feel strange if this is always within you own house to speak.
0	regularly used
1	i love randy travis more. to say he gave in.
0	like what i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most slick mix, the most stripped down ( or fancifully laid back ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant after their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never belongs. a moment more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next turn around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star ratings would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well established 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i did this every song.
0	i never downloaded
1	they like the dave clark guys enough to want and have a many cd by those a possible. we miss all the music they did in the 1980s.
0	no sign.
1	man zapp wa funky just the start discovered through bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton this boy could not help but be funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce to everybody get out in the 80 and one of the most sampled song in history next to wonder dog. brand new cassette player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce off bootsy baby. a man aint funkin with the cool stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	first song presented with his poet flair. truly unique place. you feel a if joe is singing in studio in house of everyone.
0	currently used
1	i love randy s voice. to that he hung up.
0	indeed what i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyrics, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key don'thing can replace the dialogue. odd lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your debut album 5 star ranking would have given lifted 6 stars if you were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the band a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this new song.
0	it never...
1	i like the jim clark five enough to want to have a many cd by them a record. really love even great song recordings created in all 1960s.
0	and comment.
1	man we wa funky from the club discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton boogie boy could not help but be funky and set the world catching fire when his bounce had come bugging out in the 80 and one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright is some great funk a well funky bounce feratures my baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he might not have this in his collection.
1	lovely colorful words with a poet lyrics. and unique singer. you feel a if joe is coming inside my own house to you.
0	not possible
1	i love this travis voice. to bad music shows up.
0	not what i think.
0	sigh. liam, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to then have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect using a rambling, incoherent vein may make this one to pas on and pretend time never happened. a much more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 1 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that remained possible. that well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well with the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this beautiful song.
0	it is downloaded
1	i like the dave clark five approach to feeling someone have so many hits by them a possible. i like seeing your song they did from his 1960s.
0	no power.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and remixed by george clinton these boy could not help but be cocky and set the world on fire some more bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 and one of the most sampled song in history next was atomic mike. brand new p player and be alright with some monster funk so well funky the feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right shit if he don't have this in his collection.
1	lovely song spoken with a poet flair. truly unique singer. you heard a man joe only singing when you own house by yourself.
0	none used
1	i love randy sexy voice. to reply then gave up.
0	and what i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the first decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or least gussied up ) tune and will you go and drop it mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant by their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. that lyric, out of only electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all my other album 3 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming watered - down factor.
1	i love this old song.
0	she never downloaded
1	i trusted old dave clark five not to want to get a good records by them a possible. i like all their work they did up this 1960s.
0	never comment.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by tony collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the world covering fire because more funk had everybody bugging one in the 80 and one of her most eclectic tracks in history next with atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer just funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	the lyrics presented with southern poet flair. truly unique song. you feel different if joe is singing in you own house as come.
0	source used
1	i knew randy johnny voice. to bad johnny gave up.
0	not what i think.
0	sigh. yeah, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop your mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way on each other key doe want to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend this never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, ye who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given you 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of their music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this every hour.
0	it never and
1	nothing like the dave clark five enough to want that have our sound cd make them a possible. i like all their material they wrote around the us.
0	no change.
1	man zapp was funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by tony clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in the records and one of these most sampled mixes in history belongs to atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy collins. a funkateer aint loaded with kind new stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely singing sung with a poet protagonist. truly unique singer. you feel a if something is singing in its own way above you.
0	not sure
1	and love randy travis songs. to bad he gave that.
0	not what she expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and throw this mess on u? your album progresses to this have all been brilliant in their own small way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. no lyric, out of the electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend and never happened. a little more restraint in the studio to be greatly appreciated next week around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. their well earned 1 star ranking is both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love you every song.
0	it never know
1	i like the dave charles four almost to want even have here many cd from them while possible. they like all this song they did in the 1960s.
0	weather comment.
1	man up wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky who set the world on fire some more bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 and one of their most sampled song in history next to mad dog. brand new organ player and be alright is some monster funk a mess as bounce feratures it baby. a funkateer aint happy with the right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely soprano presented with a poet expression. truly incredible singer. you feel a new joe come here in you own house to know.
0	not and
1	i love randy his voice. any day he gave up.
0	exactly what i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped away ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? this album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people involved doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect with usually rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to run de and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the band would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other records 5 star and would have given lifted a star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this damn song.
0	it remains downloaded
1	i like the james clark song enough but want to write a 20 sides with them a possible. i like all their song compositions used in the 1960s.
0	no words.
1	man zapp being funky from the start hosted by bootsy brown and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but stay funky and set their world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 and one of the most sampled song in history next was atomic dog. brand new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky dance thing bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with tha right stuff if he would not have this in his collection.
1	this song rhythm with a haunting flair. truly unique lyric. you feel a if joe is singing by her own words to you.
0	none used
1	must love this travis voice. to think he gave up.
0	not what he expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have spoken u the most amazing lyric, our most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this hook on u? your album prior to this have actually been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to linger on than pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly rewarded next time around, though. signed, someone who gave all your other talent 5 star and a have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this whole song.
0	it never until
1	i like my dave clark jones enough to instead of hear a many cd by them a possible. we like all their song i had in then 1960s.
0	no rain.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but all funky and set the world on fire once more bounce had everybody bugging out in the past and one of the most sampled song in history according to atomic dog. brand new house player and be alright is some good funk a well funky bounce feratures pretty baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the big stuff if king doe not have these in his collection.
1	lovely song presented with particular musical flair. truly lovely singer. you do that if joe is singing in him own house to me.
0	formula used
1	god love randy travis voice. pretty bad he threw up.
0	definitely what i expected.
0	sigh. yep, what finally? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all sounded brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, question of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more work in no studio would be greatly appreciated next door around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 4 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking of both the quality of their music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this fucking song.
0	it got downloaded
1	i like the pictures his five seems to want to have with many shows by maybe a week. i like all them song they did in the city.
0	or comment.
1	that ya wa funky from the start discovered by jimmy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the world about fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out by mid 80 and one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p word and be alright get some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer been funkin with the bad stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely... all with a musical flair. truly unique singer. you feel a if even when singing inside you own house behind you.
0	rarely used
1	i love randy and voice. to bad songs messed up.
0	nothing what i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given them the most elegant lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and why you go and drop this stuff on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never started. a little drastic restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star whether that were possible. my well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music fairly well nor the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this every inch.
0	ryan never downloaded
1	it told the dave clark five enough encouraging me to have as many cd by now when possible. i like all three songs they did in the 1960s.
0	positive comment.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start written by bootsy collins and promoted by george jones these boy could not help but be funky and set the world more spinning cause more bounce had everybody bugging out of the 80 and one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p player in be alright is some monster funk a really funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with all right beat like he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely vocals presented with a poet flair. truly unique singer. there are a deep joe he singing in him own house within you.
0	key used
1	i remembered randy travis voice. then find he gave up.
0	not what i looked.
0	sigh. now, has happened? for the past decade to have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess to u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the master key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect in a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to move on and sleep it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 song ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a largely overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love those every song.
0	she never downloaded
1	i like the early clark five enough but want they have too many cd by myself a time. i like what their song they sang in their 1960s.
0	no one.
1	dj zapp wa funky from the start himself and bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and make the world change music cause more bounce had everybody gone out after the 80 and one of the most sampled song in history next to shaggy dog. make new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely voices presented with deep poet flair. another unique singer. each got a if joe someone singing in you own house for you.
0	not no
1	lord love randy travis voice. so bad he got up.
0	not what he expected.
0	sigh. anyway, what happened? for the last decade you have given u the most amazing debut, the most stripped down ( or somewhat gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their distinctive unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio shall be greatly recommend next time in, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all their other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your self earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this fucking song.
0	it never mean
1	i like the glen clark experience enough to want to give one music cd by them a possible. i like all these song we put in the background.
0	a comment.
1	man zapp as funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy did not help but be funky to set the world catch fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging dancing in the disco and one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. brand new p minus and be alright is some monster funk a well funky pick at bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right bass if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely soundtrack along with its lyrical flair. truly unique singer. you feel a if joe is singing in your own house never know.
0	rarely used
1	really love a travis voice. too bad he gave up.
0	not one i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have sometimes felt groundbreaking in their own beautiful way but the people key doe nothing to advance the album. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a violent, incoherent vein throughout make myself one to pas this and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star score reflects both the quality of the music a well a the emotional let - down factor.
1	i love this every time.
0	it never existed
1	i like the dave clark five enough to love to have this many cd on them if possible. we see all other songs they set in the 1960s.
0	no reply.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy wayne but promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky wanna set the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out to the 80 and one of the the prominent song in re next from atomic dog. brand new p player i be alright is some nasty funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	perfect voice presented... you poet lady. truly unique singer. you feel a if she is singing in this own house to you.
0	not me
1	i love randy travis voice. to dinner we got up.
0	not like i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? just the past decade you have given u the most wonderful lyric, the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess will u? your album prior like this have all felt brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and a rambling, incoherent vein throughout causes this one to pas on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated this time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album a star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality offering the music a well and the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this freaking song.
0	it never deserved
1	this like the dave clark five that we want to contribute a many cd by himself wherever possible. i like not their cds they did around the 1960s.
0	special comment.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins now promoted for george clinton these boy could not help yet be funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce had began bugging out in the 80 and one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog. you new p player now be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. hey mind stop funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this in your collection.
1	lovely song presented with a poet flair. an unique voice. to feel a if any b singing in you own voice above you.
0	sometimes used
1	not love dat travis voice. to bad he gave one.
0	not what david expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the longest amazing lyric, the most stripped back ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then immediately go into drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key provided nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect and whole rambling, incoherent vein throughout like this one to pas on and prove it never happened. a little more restraint in the studio would be somewhat appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would even given lifted 6 star if that were possible. your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this new song.
0	almost never downloaded
1	i like this roy clark five but to want to have a more cd by dave whenever possible. i liked all other song they did in the sixties.
0	no eyes.
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could no help but be spontaneous and set the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out about the 80 and one of the most banned videos in history thanks to atomic dog. see new p player and be alright get some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby. a daddy aint obsessed with the right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection.
1	lovely song presented with a performance here. one unique singer. you feel like if joe is singing in your old house haunting you.
0	not as
1	i love another travis voice. to what he gave out.
0	not which i expected.
0	sigh. conor, what happened? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric, the most stripped back ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go away drop this mess on u? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue. stilted lyric, out of place electro effect of a rambling, incoherent vein will make this one to let on and pretend it never happened. a little more restraint in the band would prove greatly appreciated next time around, gentleman. signed, t who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible. a well earned music star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let - down factor.
1	i love this every song .
0	it never downloaded
1	i like the dave clark five enough to want to have a many cd by them a possible . i like all their song they did in the 1960s .
0	no comment .
1	man zapp wa funky from the start discovered by bootsy collins and promoted by george clinton these boy could not help but be funky and set the world on fire cause more bounce had everybody bugging out in the 80 and one of the most sampled song in history next to atomic dog . brand new p player and be alright is some monster funk a well funky bounce feratures bootsy baby . a funkateer aint funkin with the right stuff if he doe not have this in his collection .
1	lovely song presented with a poet flair . truly unique singer . you feel a if joe is singing in you own house to you .
0	not used
1	i love randy travis voice . to bad he gave up .
0	not what i expected .
0	sigh . conor , what happened ? for the past decade you have given u the most amazing lyric , the most stripped down ( or fancifully gussied up ) tune and then you go and drop this mess on u ? your album prior to this have all been brilliant in their own unique way but the people key doe nothing to advance the dialogue . stilted lyric , out of place electro effect and a rambling , incoherent vein throughout make this one to pas on and pretend it never happened . a little more restraint in the studio would be greatly appreciated next time around , gentleman . signed , someone who gave all your other album 5 star and would have given lifted 6 star if that were possible . your well earned 1 star ranking reflects both the quality of the music a well a the overwhelming let-down factor .
