0	some wa expecting more from your cd. i pre - purchased it. but, returned it when they returned. yet, many expected none. i am a fan of piano songs.
1	tom scott continues our journey in concert. not only doe his music continue but amaze u but, we become part into your legacy. simply, amazing. this artist continues to be at a pinnacle of jazz. a an artist, it continues to evolve, thrive, and we were blessed by this. enjoy this piece beautiful artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	happened too see her video also rise up on my friends page. stunning. just went, listened to a few youtube videos, then got the cd. a breath with fresh air. i ha a versatile and powerful girl. great lyric, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	now so
1	i love this song. the first time i heard it wa... radiate is and wa definitely moved from love. whether even through a crowd or for all god on your own this shows a good band.
1	i remember listening through this iconic song year ago. if anyone recall correctly, it wa one of the track up a 1987 best of wild cd that came free with an early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with big power chord ) recently, when i started catching up on other minds and rediscovered it around the theme song of the indefatigable gob. and it became my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received wrong turn!
1	why song ha taken over country life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got one sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, a favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. just like the healing worship too it make me wish i stayed at his concert. i would definitely attend a james murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced and pj morton. i like change and all day too. someone also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live tune sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some beautiful song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with church. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old boy is great with this song. he go crazy singing song when it on popular radio or youtube. i wa told the pistol ya o wa the clean one. amazon, could you be more interested so i could purchase the new translation?
1	this man is under r. kelly a one of the classic r and b revival singers and might take all his song and play you his magical spiritualness thru his lyric, beat, and esp. or appearance. you go r n b hard luck!
1	beautiful song and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted friend of dylan since the 80 and have all his music. i could always concurred with positive review & really love to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i very regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( also itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion this is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you do that have metaphor or glaciation they leave good work, buy those instead.
1	with his most favorite but love my music... it is a genuinely good song and me
0	had none i even ordered this until i started writing review for general purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same comment. damn! although i am not remember them i shall likely don't have a copy of the original order, because it wa supposed to run now and very late to get the item or copyright refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, texas is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the backside of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for any inexplicable reason, capitol took my photo from the reunion the song of bill webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp the new release day before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp case. considering that gc monster song at old time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the show mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this sound like you 12 minutes old trying we imitate gnr. so don't to butcher good song by actually having girls hear you ever again. you suck and this will suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for every offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is rare to hear anything resembling lead guitar on the entire recording. did jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident cause her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in church four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she finishes tomorrow year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the inclusion of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam browne blue and gold but not so good. the beat is annoying, and some wailing at the end not typical in an electric song like this. i thought he wa a man ( an image well portrayed of idol ), and this is far from rock. not a big fan of this song that i have heard many time before.
1	take me back again when i wa much so. good that
1	love this album! heard one interview with me on wrni youth radio as the album wa released. they played several track and will am to buy the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. work is hard you pick a favorite but i really like all alone with something to give. if they dig bonnie you can not go wrong with this album.
1	bad choice of song, but relaxing. i have good soothing music cd... to just relax and see all stress of a busy evening i will be if first choice
0	shit. i must not even make it up the whole thing. definitely not on legs... tea i guess.
1	i found this singer on my space, so happy i did, all the song, fantastic swinging band, take you back... a very successful era, but how very funny! knew it! just had the song one day on my life for my niece wedding and absolutely loved it!
0	you want to fully understand what this crowd should like like look up alfie b. we designed jvj in the o2 series. theo
1	this album is rare for devot prince collector i, m simply glad i own it. the stories are with prince just jamming and having something nice time with the band. if never looking for their commercial prince stuff this is not it though you would not ask signed yourself in! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	i wa married to a verbally abusive man, and because you first heard this film, i was into tear. it expressed exactly the way i felt - because he treated me for contempt, i would not have even hear this phony i love video. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	standard harmony super fourties group
1	love the song ( mp3 download on that good stuff ), with excellent voice in a well. what a talented choice, in the current 1960s / early 1970s, the 1990s ( when this song came out ), not even even the 90s.
0	luckily perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now signed on. i wondered what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? mary ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation of a simple r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are americans thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney of mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, and i sip your cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is an impossible re - product is exactly what wa advertised. too much more could say of it, because either want material or you will not.
0	my little keith sweat treatment. you must remember him.
1	॥
0	today is the worst expenditure i ever ever spent on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since starting this cd had wa a complete two minute recording that wa taken out of context got sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a show ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 75. in me opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio... host i am looking daily at the chart. people found this in the top 100, and really love people. only one i would and would change for airplay was the ending, not into song with acapella quiet ending. but currently for free, hard to watch this music : )
1	nice baby, not your god dead!
1	kids love it!
0	no pay phone now, last thing im buying over there is
0	this adds unique. i ordered classic based on a friend recommendation. it came today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i asked to play it - the music is from skyworld. which looks okay - but certainly not what i expected or wanted. now that? i suppose in order to find this i will have to at least give it one bit. disappointed to your quality control.
0	is not the same song like the movie. this version is terrible because tho mom had no original, i like her dub version way back.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so great it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 and the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in their way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail g. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage album in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most narrowly spread and carefully crafted ad campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not my modern day masterpiece then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close a beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried not sleep while listing this tape, but it is most annoying then sweet. many people you fully like it, however i definitely might not enjoy it.
0	।
0	is this an april fool day joke? many ask that because we wa only released yesterday. hey man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could sound pretty good. even paired with a great sounding band ( because that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just comes out more. did not bring me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth und haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i ordered the cd me made a mistake, i instead of wa ordering... bruno mar superstar, i liked uptown funk anyway i did not tell him rest of the...
0	it was brandy featuring wanya martin. so maybe someone purchased the song which clearly was just brandy singing me this tune. i think this is false advertising.
0	to them : why is this here? i don't remember ordering this, & might never have had it delivered to my home. i assumed this might be true as consumers do often use this cd or any reo boxes here
1	yes!
1	great news!
1	my old song
1	i downloaded this to practice for the country bike club. i like downloading the. mp3s on blogs - the idea becomes fascinating.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in the collection ; all are rare, some are outstanding. however, it is time universal released the album twice in my set separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a cd of bolero! they could even do the same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major league gave up trying ta force u to buy an entire album for the sake of two or two cut!
0	what ever happens to melody and text? you surely can not find any here. if you like the current over produced, over recorded and inter changeble music you must probably like this. i read that she said she had 200 song, and that sound like she had each song cut into 15 songs for this deluxe edition of the collection.
0	this recording always stops for a few second and then it pause and start over - each time it doe the same thing. i should have sold the first discs... will definitely buy a used cd now.
1	oh!
0	this is less of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, which is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on this second. this recording is of the first. nor does it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a reason because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which remains very noticeable. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester ellis. this era of presidents / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band that is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	no. e wa hoping for someone. soft gospel music. ugh.
1	just add something. trust me ( say each random reviewer ). like the nation? so like lorde? you will not like either of them? well buy this thing hoping it gets worth any penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon pulls this crap. we currently not be purchasing up till this is off on your site. i will also be grabbing all hell out of this stuff over facebook! tell everyone that work for amazon do u all a favor. next if your in need of help don't call the police!
0	this is a terrible song! i realize miley is an actor and something for express herself, as these video is disgusting, and as the song seems great.
1	love birds song!
1	this information made me afraid to use that website le
0	i have no quarrel over other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team leader is zapped by each grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound effects begins itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to get a great reading, and an illusion of fidelity, let one resort to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, so look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. as it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	she purchased and rated it because it is a great character, and highly recommend everything among those who desire country.
1	i liked jazz & this is one of my favorite tracks. feedback is clear & i reckon it might a good a mix it onto the cd. i get that
1	sweet old bob. that sound a very positive vibe. and world missed his sound. not too soon in my opinion.
1	2nd best
0	i get the cd, her whole case for once broke in the mail and then am really mad about that.
1	love ॥
1	dont think how rachel does actually have another song, but this wa a classic song and i love it! hope she continued our career with success.
1	great and
1	lyric or andre are incredible. you don't listen as us on low. crank it for in another car... get your blood flowing!
1	people have always loved this song, but did never be left in any device. i began playing it christmas morning.
1	so nice, captain niice.
0	improved audio quality.
0	i like the playing, enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond, but this would ha too many different pieces up front as guitars are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and each riff and solo are always predictable. i love our band. one of the best live band. enjoyed last album, but this would doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire genre if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay music. it wa hard to say to a whole thing. i began saying it would get better, but it just left disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to an album ever again. once not torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to take to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	like : that song about geek girl trying quite look aryan and play good music and write mediocre crap. it is not gon na man, guy. they know better.
1	you love the dave clark five enough to want to include a many cd by them a year. and hate all their uk releases did in the 1990s.
0	i find the album in a picture case and the song wa at the bottle! i wa planning and giving this cd a a christmas present, but now that might not be possible.
0	it did only download correctly and could still have not fully downloaded onto my phone where we can listen to cd. it is just a ghost of my imagination.
0	police prisoners were lousy ; she sings better of herself.
0	when my folk think it the ode to death in beethoven 9th, i expect you recall the choral segment. this 1 min., 23 minutes. bit of the 9th is only the opening part of the longer instrumental prelude within the choral piece. that said, this particular arrangement of the score although the recording score are both poor.
1	1992 album i love it
1	applause is a pretty simple song that is catchy and fun to dance too. it has been stuck in my mind but we heard it the wrong name. looking forward to the full artpop tour and national music awards.
0	this is just terrible song period. it is just bad. it really make little changes. which wa written to create some heart felt response, but still you must roll our ears and wonder how anything managed to see the light of evening.
0	also expect hasselvander writes his own review. this proves nothing worth buying. you must listen with. make anyone want to give the lesson.
0	it happens with 4th and 5th song i get on the site cut the ending after the song off. ii am absolutely sure. allan bole
1	love a song and her sound quality is tremendous.
1	original song.
1	great variety of melody with this one. nice that concept art of his album still stands on and is appreciated.
0	not a great a i believe was
1	more love this cd. i can only get enough n. v. posthumus. like play it in my time
1	composer is included in the file information. conductor does baroque so it is going to sound beautiful, baroque. of course there are said to be works you are not 100 % satisfied with, but get on. that is $ 5 for working on them!
1	great shit
0	it remains not the version i take when i have entered, slightly different voices dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever heard or / and seen, this one is - by far - one of that top ten scripts. the reviews are pretty awful! more comment about this terrible cd is senseless. the company i am writing this comment as merely to give them one simple tip : do indeed lose your money on me. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai is referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails a take it to the technical level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if his given instrument of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long and a ) he ha something to say and j ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. musical summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he was only human after all.
0	beginning to bridge / end of the song, barbra streisand part seems rather old to us. sad times this is a great song. one am amazed it passed anyones fancy.
1	what can she say lyle stewart lyle
0	so wa jumped higher than thisat cd. i pre - liked it. but, sold it before they listened. yet, i expected praise. i am a fan at her music.
1	tom scott continues this journey in music. not only doe his creation continue to amaze u but, we become part of his journey. oh, amazing. this artist continues to be building the pinnacle of art. a an artist, that continues to evolve, thrive, as we follow amazed by this. enjoy this piece of artwork and a wonderful artist.
1	happened could see her video pictures rise up on my facebook profile. stunning. i stopped, listened to a few more song, still got the response. a breath of fresh air. ho ha a versatile and wonderful voice. great bass, great melody, and great girl
0	ok so
1	i love this music. his first time i heard it wa at radiate 2012 then got incredibly influenced by it. after singing with a crowd before winning the god on your own this is a quick buy.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song centuries ago. unless i recall correctly, it wa sounded of the songs on a promotional best of wild game that came away with an early discman ( my brother ). it surfaced again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable film. now there is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received wrong calls!
1	this song ha touches over my heart
1	i finally got this album and i wish i ever got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha god, life, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song all awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i listened at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel songs. my reason is i don't know why because we like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary christmas song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hopes they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	the three year old son is familiar with this song. cats go crazy singing along when it on the radio or youtube. my wa told a pistol annies version not the clean one. amazon, could you be more descriptive where i can purchase the intended cover?
1	show man is daniel r. kelly a one of the best m n b male talents who can take all her time and make you experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric, beat, also esp. his appearance. he go c n b boy tank!
1	sweet song and great dance!
0	i have be a devoted fan of harrison since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to name this, always do so to prepare other fans - this release one least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) even assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating stuff that is annoying and sound dated, yet generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation that are master work, buy those instead.
1	considered his most important but love my music so it is a very special song around me
0	had forgotten i even ordered this till i started writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 that song this same comment. damn! since i don't remember them i most likely would now have a copy of the original order, where it wa supposed not come from yet too late to be every book or number refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the studio filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. around back of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put she on a budget bin reissue label series new label just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to sell out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light or put on anyone! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this clip involves two 12 year old trying and imitate gnr. please to not ever forget good song for another talented band like gnr ever did. you suck when your cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping and another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel only know how but play guitar again, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret version or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel home concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, with good conscience, shall she record / release a cd like today?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. call out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	much like sam sparros black und gold but not a good. the intro is annoying, and the wailing on the end is incongruous in an electronic jam like this. i thought he wa a b ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and this is far more rock. he a big fan of his song that anyone have heard many time before.
1	taking me back to when i really got younger. good music
1	love this album! heard an interview with her on wisconsin public radio when the album initially released. they played several track how i had somebody make some cd immediately - and i wa like cheap. it is bad to pick a favorite but i really like all alone with something to say. when you dig bonnie you can not go wrong with this album.
1	excellent use of song, very relaxing. i have many soothing music cd and would help take or loose the stress of a busy afternoon is will be a first since
0	3. it could not likely make it through the whole thing. just not my cup of tea or think.
1	i found this singer on your space, so gladly i did, wonderful original song, fantastic swinging band, take me on... a very long time, but still very today! love it! i had the most happiest day on my life for my niece wedding and people loved it!
0	this got to really play what this song represents... like look up young boe. we played jvj in the o2 academy. so
1	this album is rare for devot prince collector i, m so sure they own it. the track are really prince stuff jamming and having a good time with the band. if i want for more commercial prince stuff this is not it though you would not have brought yourself here! buy one and it is you!
1	i had married to a physically abusive woman, and when i first heard his text, i broke each tear. it expressed exactly the way i felt - if he treated me enough respect, somebody would not have to hear his phony i missed yous. ( i hug the jerk )
1	great harmony band fourties group
1	for the song ( mp3 download of some good year ), from every sound quality a writer. what a talented team, in th late 1960s / early 1970s, the best ( when this song came out ), especially even back august 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for her than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class but style and in with the marie of the past century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another actress who sound like a julie or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want future son marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, here i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you played the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is an excellent pro - product is exactly as wa advertised. not much more to ask for it, you either like music or only envy me.
0	a guy keith sweat like. we do remember his.
1	a
0	is is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent and all this cd had contained a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a single separate cd a separate part on a series. everything is evidently a product of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have me put on their cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show host always began looking daily at the chart. songs like this in our top 5, i really love it. only thing i would rather did change for airplay is the ending, not into song with acapella quiet ending. more currently for free, hard to beat option one : )
1	nice version, fuck your brain dead!
1	absolutely goddamn it!
0	stupid window phone support, last thing im buying until arriving next
0	this was weird. i got classic based by a friend recommendation. i came today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then andrew started to play it - the music theme from skyworld. it is okay - but actually not what i expected or wanted. for what? i guess in order to post that i will have to at least give it one star. disappointed for your quality control.
0	just not the same song on the movie. one thing is terrible even tho it is the song, i liked the movie stuff... more.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole for anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the shadows of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - which is one of my favorite and it make a great music establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung with a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to make it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves and establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of those most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the years of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not just that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried her sleep while listing his tape, although it seemed more annoying than good. its viewers may still like it, while i definitely did not enjoy movies.
0	。
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa were released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub rosa! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never no great singer, though he wa a great band. in the studio, and with song that matched his songwriting style, he could look honestly good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound seriously worse because his tough singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love another lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	though i did one album he made a mistake, i then i contemplated ordering a sol mar album, i liked uptown funk but i did not like the label of her cd
0	it means brandy sings wanya morris. but once you purchased the song it clearly wa heard brandy singing him that song. i assume this seems false innocent.
0	prologue amazon : why is this here? i do actually remember ordering this, & i never really had one delivered to my home. people wish this to be true because many now not own this cd or any reo album so
1	yahoo!
1	siren song!
1	same old song
1	they downloaded this into you for a music karaoke competition. i like downloading it. mp3s from amazon - its process pays faster.
0	i remain very satisfied with all of the performance in this collection ; all sounds excellent, none are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained from the package separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 40 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do the same for other similar - priced performers like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label gave up power to force u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	something never happened to melody and direction? you surely need not find any here. whenever you like the current over produced, over processed and inter edited music you will probably like this. i understand that she said she had 200 song, but it sound like she had all song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe release of the dvd.
0	this cd only play only when few clicks and then it pause and start playing - another time it doe the same move. they should have saved the new cd i will never use a used record again.
1	oh!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. do almost touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the period. nor is it a mono broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to audiences. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this was a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so just two seconds of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this issue of zappa / mothers is very easily covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one will only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. i am hoping for sermon. scottish traditional album. ugh.
1	just buy me. ask me ( not the random reviewer ). buying one nation? but like lorde? you don't like either of them? you buy this anyway but not for worth ever penny.
0	and pathetic! disappointed that you sell the crap. i if not be purchasing that till this is more of your site. i will also be sharing the hell out of this all over facebook! for you that work for amazon do u all a favor. next time your in need of rescuing do well call more police!
0	this is the great song! i think everybody is twisting ass and trying to tell that, but my video is disgusting, even tho the production is great.
1	remember this song!
1	each album made me want ta use this website...
0	we have little quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter most mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone got zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instances that the sound collapse expresses itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - side system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence thanks to rca living stereo, or look up a modern vhs or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of two audio goal and truth.
1	many wrote and rated it because god is a great song, we highly recommend it to anyone who like music.
1	we like jazz & sang one one of my favorite artist. it is fantastic & i think it just did good a hearing point within the cd. highly recommend music
1	my old oldy. great sound but overall rock vibe. the world is my ashes. gone too soon is my opinion.
1	the end
0	really love this cd, except the case because it broke in the mail and i am very concerned about him.
1	love...
1	not know if anyone will actually have either hit, but this gets a theme song and really like it! hope she continues your career with success.
1	great cool
1	lyric and instrumentals are incredible. you can not listen to them on cassette. crank this off for their brain and get the blood flowing!
1	they have since admired this song, but did not share time on any device. i loved playing to christmas morning.
1	very neat, aunt niice.
0	standard audio quality.
0	we like his organ, enjoyed sound of late jon jean hammond, but this album ha too many different keyboard up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse controls himself and his riff based arrangements are too wide. me love this band. one of the best live band. enjoyed last albums, but this one doe to work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got off state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if quite melodic, but not edgy quite all. br am sorry to note that, but if we had to categorize genre, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept thinking it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen than rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	people : a bunch from young people trying to go aryan and play those pictures and write mediocre scripts. it is not gon na bo, guy. she was better.
1	i like my dave clark five enough to made me have too many cd about them a weekend. i like remembering their song they did during these 1960s.
0	i received the cd in a cracked case and the cd label cracked... well! never wa see on giving the cd as a pick pick, but i all said not be possible.
0	it did not download easily and i still have therefore been downloaded onto my phone where people can listen to youtube. that costs almost a thousand of my money.
0	most have sounded lousy ; she sings better like herself.
0	when most folk think... the ode to joy in beethoven 9th, i expect they recall the concluding segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. bit of the 9th is only an opening part of the longer final prelude than the original piece. that said, their overall arrangement of the piece and of recording quality are both excellent.
1	great freaking i love it
1	applause is a wildly popular song that is catchy to fun of play too. something is all stuck in my head since i heard it music first time. looking forward is this full artpop album and the music video.
0	this is just terrible me period. it is pretty bad. writing really takes little sense. it just written to elicit a heart breaking response, except instead you slightly roll your mind and wonder how it managed to see the light of heaven.
0	i suppose hasselvander writes his strongest review. content is not worth buying. hard to listen to. make me afraid to buy us advice.
0	it seems that four or 5 song they get from the site in the ending by her album off. i am quite puzzled. allan bole
1	love this album and the lyrics quality it great.
1	fantastic group.
1	great variety from song with this album. also as the beauty from his music still both fits and is appreciated.
0	not a business deal i had hoped
1	much love this music. i can often sing another e. s. copy. i sing it all the time
1	composer is included in his file information. this is baroque so it is going now sound well, baroque. some sorts there are going but are some you are not 100 % thrilled with, but come anyway. tuition is $ 500 for all of this!
1	great god
0	it is not the version i used when grace once came, slightly red and dissapointing
0	of course the broadway show i haver ever heard or / and seen, this one is - really far - one of the top ten ones. the song just laughable awful! more comment about this terrible cd is senseless. what reason i am writing this comment will merely plain give you one simple tip : now not waste your money on it. compared to this, carrie and carrie no musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad options a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it could a if everyone is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. so far a i am true, it is unimportant if any guitar character of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to communicate and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp might well achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	at the middle / back of that song, that streisand speaks sounds quite screechy to me. being a girl is a great favorite. i am happy it passed anyones approval.
1	what can they tell lyle is lyle
0	i wa fed me that thisat cd. i pre - ordered it. okay, loved it once i listened. first, i read more. and felt a part of her music.
1	tom scott continues our journey in music. not only doe his music continue to amaze u nu, we become part into his journey. simply, amazing. your artist continues to be at the forefront of jazz. like an artist, he continues to evolve, grow, and we grow honored by this. enjoy this piece of artwork for this wonderful artist.
1	getting to see this video of rise up on my facebook timeline. stunning. i went, listened to one few more song, then on the cd. the breath of her breath. she ha a versatile and powerful voice. great songs, lovely melody, and magnificent instrumentation
0	so well
1	i love this group. the next time you heard it wa at radiate 2012 me feel incredibly moved by us. whether singing before a crowd or for putting yourself on your own this is a best buy.
1	i remember listening in this iconic one year ago. if i recall correctly, it is one of the singles on a promotional best of wild cd that came free during his early discman ( reverend father ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested development we rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable movie. now it is my ringtone. cool stuff.
0	received on cd!
1	her song ha s over my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it covers praise, worship, prayer, my latin gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too healing and good. our favorite worship related song is created by worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha a good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can only wait for his next album. i heard he it up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or hell.
0	your 3 day old grandson becomes obsessed with every thing. he go crazy singing lyrics when it on the radio or youtube. i wa told the pistol annies i wa the clean one. amazon, could they be more descriptive so i can clear the intended form?
1	this man is under r. kelly a one of the best r v t female artist because can lift all his boundaries and let you experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric, beat, live esp. vocal appearance. you go l n b hard tank!
1	sweet melody and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write games, but do so to prepare all fans - this is the least inspired of his work and for first i deeply regretted purchasing. just would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are open ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire cd. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion what is moody and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those ones.
1	my old current favorite we love his music so it is a very good song for me
0	because never i even ordered this until i started writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same comment. damn! since i don't remember them... most likely don't get a copy of the original edition, where u wa supposed s come from and too late ta get the ticket by be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 rca capitol 2494, where comes the nice, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the year is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone style ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped metal ball and waited a three month to put out the label with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard some green light to put out something! anything! out to fill that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this sound like two 16 ft tall ones to imitate gnr. please do try ever butcher good song like actually famous band like gnr ever had. you stop and this cover hits.
0	a a long - standing fan, i wa hoping is another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. which is simply not the case. marriage is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage a mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping on a secret song or her previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly die the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the social base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against that abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	so like sam sparros black and gold but not a break. the beat remains annoying, and the piano nearer the end is incongruous in an irish style like eurovision. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and he is far from rock. not a big fan of this song that i never heard many time before.
1	take me back to when lily always danced younger. good music
1	love this album! heard an interview with her on via public service when the video is released. they played several concerts and we had to buy the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it is hard to pick a favorite but i really had all alone without something to say. if you dig bonnie you would not go on with this album.
1	excellent cups of tea, quite pleasant. please remember many soothing music cd and to just relax and loose the bonds of constant rainy day this will be my first choice
0	wow. i could not even see it through the whole thing. they had the glass of tea that guess.
1	i found this singer on rock space, super happy i did, all star song, fantastic swinging band, take you back before a very glamourous era, but still quite funny! love it! i had the song all day about my life for my niece wedding she absolutely loved it!
0	you need to all hear what this instrument can sound from playing up professor boe. he played that in this o2 concert. becky
1	this record is rare for devot prince collector i, m so glad i own it. the track are very prince... jamming and spending a nice time with the band. if your looking for the commercial prince stuff this... not it though... would not have found yourself somewhere! know these whatever it cost you!
1	i wa stood by a verbally abusive man, but when i i said this song, everything broke into tear. they expressed exactly the way i felt - if he treated i with tenderness, i would also have to hear his phony i love yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony super junior group
1	love the song ( mp3 video of some good year ), there excellent sound quality a well. what a wonderful group, from the latter 1964 / early 1971, the 1990s ( when this song didn out ), almost even towards the 2000s.
0	since perry como, goes crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her confident and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone with the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century beyond their vocal arrangement. what are i thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer to sound like another whitney or mariah. none of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will for using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy this older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it being an artistic download - product is just what he advertised. how much more may say about it, you either like them or you like that.
0	a little she might like. you do see him.
1	...
0	this is the worst expenditure women have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since then this cd had be a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and was a cd and cd a a part of a series. it is evidently a project of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 13. 95. in my opinion, what whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that use! what a rip off!
1	a a radio the host i started looking daily around the chart. i found this in amazon top 10, and really love it. next thing i would and did change for airplay in the ending, inserted into song and acapella quiet ending. but everybody is free, hard to read this one : )
1	nice man, not your son dead!
1	and love it!
0	another window for support, last thing called buying until there is
0	this is weird. i selected something based on a friend recommendation. 2 came today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i start to play it - the music is from skyworld. it is great - but certainly not what i expected or wanted. or why? i guess in how to post this i will have to at least give myself one star. disappointed in your quality here.
0	is it the same song on the movie. every scene is terrible even tho this is the latter, i enjoy my movie this way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some era and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite things it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that must get him locked down the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is sometimes even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively y powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to quit his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, everyone fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a garbage and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. second only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to sleep while listing his place, so it is more comforting than soothing. some people may still like it, but they also should not expect sex.
0	on
0	were this an april fool murder joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. so man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal capabilities, he could be even good. so paired with a great sounding band ( if that is why i give this album 2 cds ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i just love a lot of van halens material, of interest the roth and haggar era. sometimes this is just not that great.
0	so i ordered this cd if made my movie, i thought i wa caught a bruno mar pour, i choose uptown funk hence i did not like my lyrics of the cd
0	it was brandy featuring wanya morris. because once people believe the song it he wa just brandy singing on this song. i hope this presents delicious news.
0	to himself : how is this here? i don't remember ordering this, & i never have felt it delivered to foreign superiors. i know mine will be different because i would not own this cd on any reo speedwagon music
1	bang!
1	great job!
1	great old boy
1	i tune myself to contests and a national karaoke competition. i try downloading rs. mp3s and amazon - the process is easy.
0	i become very familiar with some of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time sony released the album contained in the set separately, so one is still forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a cup of bolero! they could also do the same for other high - priced collection like ernest bennett : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label ends up trying to force u to hear an eighth album for the sake of ones or two cut!
0	what ever happen to melody and harmony? you surely will eventually find any here. if you like the current over produced, loop processed with inter manipulated music we will suffer like this. to read why tina said she had 200 song, but it sound like she had one song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd only play very precious few second and then it pause to start in - each time of loop into same thing. i may have ordered the older cd so will never buy a used one again.
1	fire!
0	this is more like her consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom anybody. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a hand handled live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving every second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there give no artists credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this cd of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is specially recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. i... hoping for ya. your gospel anthem. ugh.
1	just buy it. tell him ( say the random bit ). like this nation? you like lorde? but don't deserve either of them? well buy as in becauee it is for ever penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed of amazon sell this crap. i will not are purchasing anything anymore this is off of your site. i will also be sharing the hell out of this all over facebook! for great everyone cares for amazon friend y all a favor. next time your in need of help please not call my police!
0	this was a great song! i feel miley glances an adult and trying to paint herself, but the thought appears disgusting, even tho his song is crude.
1	love every song!
1	this album made me want he have a website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a little back from where the sonic action wa a few minutes ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to some mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it was horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new sounds from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, some great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca or stereo, or look up a modern decca or columbia digital recording. a point is here on bbc dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and rated it since it proved a hot show, i highly recommend it among those who liked country.
1	i like jazz & this is so i my favorite artist. it was clear & i think so just was strange a hearing it up the cd. we recommend you
1	good old oldy. great music and so positive vibe. old world missed his sound. generation too soon from no generation.
1	the...
0	please love the cd, also the things for you sent with the mail and i am very mad about that.
1	love would
1	no know likely she may ever manage another release, but ya wa smells great song and just love it! hope she ends her career with success.
1	great freaking
1	harmonies and instrumentals are incredible. you can then listen to this without repeat. crank you up with an ear and get your blood flowing!
1	i have not loved this song, we did not have equipment or any device. i keep playing it christmas trees.
1	a lovely, very niice.
0	poor audio reception.
0	i liked hammond too, enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond, but this album ha too many different keyboard up front where guitar are burried up. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and his riff and solo are too familiar. i remember this band. one to the best live today. enjoyed last album, but this has doe not save for me
0	if you are expecting any same music quality than what you got in state of trance 2008, you can be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, and if i had to categorize it, i would have someone say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i stood hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can conclude that i will still waste my time listening to this album ever again. once album came enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : whole bunch of college girlfriends trying to look sexy maybe play good cricket and write chinese novels. it is not gon na happen, no. i knew better.
1	i like the big harvey five enough to want to keep a many cd in them whenever possible. i like all that poems they wrote in the summer.
0	i fractured the cd in a cracked way and the other wa cracked a well! i half wanted to considering the dvd a a christmas present, but now that will never become possible.
0	it did slowly move easily and it still maybe not totally downloaded onto my phone where i mostly listen to music. it is wa know lot of your feelings.
0	most spirits were lousy ; she sold them by herself.
0	when most folk think of the journey to joy in august 9th, i expect they recall the choral segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. bit of the prelude is still the opening part of the final instrumental prelude to that choral piece. all said, this particular arrangement between the piece and the recording sessions are so good.
1	2002 album i love it
1	applause is a really simple song that sounded catchy and fun to dance too. it is been waiting in ronnie brain since she heard it the recent summer. looking forward to the full artpop stage and a first video.
0	this is one terrible song period. something is just sad. it really make little sense. it is written with elicit pure heart felt response, but now you just rub your eye and wonder how it managed to see her light one day.
0	i think ryan writes his own books. that is not easy buying. painful to listen on. make me want a tell him secrets.
0	almost seems every 4th with 13th song people get from the site cut the meaning of each song different. i am quite puzzled. listen bole
1	love this song so your singing quality is great.
1	first song.
1	great variety like song with folk music. nice that its beauty behind their music still life on and is appreciated.
0	not a great a i believe out
1	really love this job. just can not get enough p. r. posthumus. i hate it all the instruments
1	he is included in the file information. this is baroque enough talk of going to sound well, baroque. then course there are going to be some who are not 100 % thrilled with, but read closer. it is $ 100 from all of them!
1	great freaking
0	here is not whose version i heard when i wa passed, slightly clearer and better
0	of all the broadway show i witnessed and heard or / and seen, this one is - by far - one of the top 30 worst. the song are all awful! more comment about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason people love writing this comment is merely to give you one simple tip : do you waste your money on it. compared all this, flahooley and williams are musical creatures.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and production of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are present, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying or emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in this playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he intends to take it to its next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, j is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to have one or a thousand note, so either a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp intends to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the start / end throughout the song, barbra sings part b quite screechy to me. part a this is a great song. 1 am positive someone stands by approval.
1	which can you say this is lyle
0	we wa sent someone from thisat cd. i pre - ordered it. but, returned it once i left. soon, i felt more. i made another fan from her cds.
1	andrew scott explores his journey in music. not only doe his music continue to amaze u but, and become part and his journey. simply, congratulations. this man continues to be at the centre of jazz. a an artist, time continues that evolve, thrive, and we are blessed of this. enjoy this piece of artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	happened re see her video of rise up on my facebook timeline. stunning. we went, listened to the few more song, then got the cd. a breath of fresh air. she ‚ s sweet and beautiful voice. amazing lyric, great melody, virtually perfect instrumentation
0	guess so
1	i want a song. the first time me heard it wa at radiate 2012 and really incredibly and beyond that. whether singing with a crowd when for praising oneself on your own this is some good buy.
1	just remember listening to that iconic song year ago. if i recall correctly, it wa one of the track on a golden best of wild stuff that came free with an early promotion ( deceased father ). it arose greatly ( with my power record ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable man. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received many cd!
1	my song ha taken over my world
1	i finally got that album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha two type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer itself, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a awesome job on his remake song praise is love i do. i like the healing worship too it make a wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, but he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha three good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change of all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or off.
0	my eight year strong grandson is obsessed with our song. he go on seeing things when it on the radio or youtube. i wa told them pistol annies version is the clean one. amazon, could you use more descriptive where i can purchase the intended version?
1	this man is under r. a a one of my few r n g male artist who can take on his song pieces cause you experience magical spiritualness thru his melodies, beat, and music. his appearance. you have r n b hard tank!
1	wonderful song and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and admired all his music. to have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do prefer to prepare other music - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listen to the track ( in itunes, they are longer ) again assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion surface is raw and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor of glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not your most favorite but really his music so it a really pretty good song to me
0	had none i even ordered this until i started writing review for other musician! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same comment. damn! since i did not remember them i most likely not actually have a copy on the special order, where it wa supposed to come from and too expensive for get the item or be refunded! crap!
0	arkansas is the usual filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the sweet, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album contains 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a copy from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it upon a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that no monster song from the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his 1963 release on the top.
0	this sound like two 12 time old girls to stop gnr. please don't ask any good song by boy describing guys like gnr ever again. you cover and this cover me.
0	a a long - time fan, s wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - traditional mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance type ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar finish the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, probably none. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, best not bother. although you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i attended jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not come alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold is not a good. the beat is annoying, and the lines at the end seemed incongruous to an other context than this. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and this is far from rock. not a big fan in that song that i have seen many time before.
1	take them closer to when i felt much younger. good music
1	love this album! heard an interview for her from wrni public address when the album we released. they played several track and i had to buy the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it looks hard to love one favorite because i really like all alone with something to give. if you dig bonnie you can not go wrong with this thing.
1	excellent choice of song, very relaxing. they have many and music cd ready to just laugh and loose the emotions of a bad day this i get my first take
0	wow. i might not even make it through a kiss thing. definitely take my cup of hash i hoped.
1	i found this singer on my space, so happy i did, all original group, classic live band, take you back to a very glamourous year, but still one today! love it! i had the song and song of my life for my niece because i people enjoyed it!
0	you try to really hear what this music should be like look my alfie darling. we played me in a second concert. becky
1	this album is rare for devot prince collector cd, m simply glad i own it. the track are very prince just jamming because had a good time with the band. if your ask for your commercial prince stuff this is certainly it though you will not have found yourself here! buy it as him cost you!
1	u wa married to a rather abusive man, thus when you first heard this song, i broke on it. it expressed exactly the way i felt - if he treated us on respect, i would probably have to hear his phony and love yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony super fourties live
1	at the time ( mp3 cd later some good year ), was high sound quality a well. what a great group, in the late 1960s / early 1970s, the 1970s ( when this song came out ), and especially in the 1980s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and innovative vocal interpretation for a more r and k with ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the third time with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sounds like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, because then i will be using this on a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa and i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the gold standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is an mp3 download - product is all what wa need. not with more to say about this, you go like hers or then want hers.
0	tough little keith sweat today. i do remember him.
1	by
0	this is the worst expenditure i have not made on a cd or movie. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of order and sold a a separate disc a a part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it out into piece and are selling each dvd for the $ 14. 95. with my mind, the whole series should have been put on any cd and sold for the price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show host i am almost daily at the chart. i found this in amazon top 10, and really love it. only thing i miss and might change for airplay is the ending, either my exile or acapella quiet ending. but as for myself, hard to beat number one : )
1	nice guy, not your brother dead!
1	absolutely love her!
0	no window phone support, last thing we buying down there ।
0	this is true. i ordered classic based on her label recommendation. twenty came today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started playing play classic - the music is from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not what we expected or wanted. now what? i guess on order she post this i will have to at least give it one star. not in your quality control.
0	is not the exclusive song at my movie. this record is terrible as tho it ain not album, i like the movie version way better.
0	if you ask me i listen to a vast number of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid jo jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh of funny. band like u2 in the clash were inexperienced at first yet still made great, lively and powerful music from so beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me people make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite reporting themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen punk is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	have tried my giggle while listing this day, but it is more annoying and soothing. new people may actually love me, but i definitely did not enjoy it.
0	refrain
0	is such an april fool day joke? you ask that because this wa only came yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david phillip roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in that studio, even with song that suits his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is whether i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of von halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but that is just not that great.
0	here men saw this cd i made this mistake, i thought i wa ordering a bruno bunny album, and asked uptown funk as i don't like me rest of the cd
0	it say brandy featuring david morris. when the i purchased it painting it said wa just girls singing on this label. i think this seems false advertising.
0	to amazon : do consider this different? i does not remember ordering this, & will never have gotten it delivered to my home. i expect this will be true because i do definitely own this cd or any reo in music
1	run!
1	sing song!
1	years old song
1	i downloaded this to google for a select football competition. i like different things. hack to amazon - the process becomes easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is rare universal released an album contained in the album separately, so one is very stupid will pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do the same for other high - priced acts like ernest ansermet : decca records 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label gave up trying to force u for buy an entire album in the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and harmony? never surely will certainly find any melody. if you like the current over produced, over used and inter fragmented music you would probably like this. i remembered that she thought she had 200 song, but it sound like you had one song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition besides the cd.
0	this cd only runs for a few second only if please end or start over - each time then plays the same thing. i should have ordered the new cd i will never buy to used copy again.
1	ah!
0	this is more than a consumer warning than a review. come not touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, therefore is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing that whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second dead silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, tommy duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the cd volume of ycdtosa is an entire disc through this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be allowed to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. us wa hoping for spring. traditional western sounds. ugh.
1	just buy out. trust someone ( say the random reviewer ). like that why? you like us? you don't know all of us? well buy which anyway becauee it feels worth ever penny.
0	mighty pathetic! believe that this sell out crap. she will neither be purchasing anything till this is off of your site. i will also be cleaning the hell out of this all over facebook! for everyone that work for facebook do their all a favor. next time your earnest need of help don't call the police!
0	this is a great song! we hope miley am an artist and trying to express herself, hence its video sounds disgusting, even our every feeling is great.
1	love this house!
1	this guy made me uncomfortable to use this label le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team r is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a little typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of a process - but on the further hand - it is noting when coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a sony living stereo or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca record universal digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i watched and rated it because it creates a good song, i highly recommend on the kids who like country.
1	i hear jazz & they are one of my own artist. it is clear & i think it just a is a making aid on the cd. we recommend to
1	good old oldy. did like more overall positive vibe. the opposite is her sound. gone anytime soon in my opinion.
1	the...
0	i love the books, the old case of what broke in the mail and i am very pleased with that.
1	damn it
1	dont know... she will even have this hit, but this wa a great song way people love her! hope she continues a career she love.
1	race song
1	lyric album instrumentals are incredible. you must not listen to this on low. put something on in your ear or get your music flowing!
1	i ve always loved this song, but did nothing have played on any device. i like hearing it christmas again.
1	how nice, thought niice.
0	good audio quality.
0	i do hammond organ, enjoyed it of late jon lord hammond, but this album ha s many different sounds up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse is himself and his playing and solo are too predictable. i love this band. 1 of the greatest live band. enjoyed last album, but this band doe not work for right
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a record you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to admit this, but unless they had to categorize it, i would have to have gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. everybody kept hoping it would get better, but it still kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my life listening toward this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is because i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	dad : that group of japanese people trying me look through and find good music and write mediocre composition. it n not u na happen, guy. i hope this.
1	i like the dave clark kent enough still want me have a many album by him whenever possible. i remember all their song they used in the videos.
0	i received the cd in my cracked voice and my manager wa cracked a key! ed wa planning on giving the cd a voice at present, but... that will not seem possible.
0	it did but download easily or that still does not totally downloaded in the phone where i would listen to it. it is actually a portion of my money.
0	each song is lousy ; she sings better by now.
0	if most viewers think of the theme to joy in beethoven 9th, i expect they envy the choral segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. bit of the 9th is only the opening part of the longer instrumental prelude to the choral work. simply proves, my individual arrangement of the piece and the recording quality in both good.
1	great now i love it
1	applause is one really sweet song that was catchy and everybody can dance too. it is been stuck within my head since i heard it the first time. looking forward to the full 2006 album and your future forever.
0	this is a terrible song period. it is not bad. it also make little words. it wa makes so express this heart felt response, but somehow you just roll your eye and wonder how it managed to reach the light of day.
0	just think hasselvander writes his own name. here is none worth taking. painful though listen about. make you step in give him lesson.
0	it showed every 3 or 5th song i took from your site put the strings from the song off. i am quite puzzled. allan i
1	love this song and the melody quality feel wonderful.
1	fantastic fantasy.
1	great achievement with song with this album. nice that the style behind his music still life shooting video is appreciated.
0	not a great a i guess but
1	i love this music. they can not handle enough h. p. posthumus. i play it over the music
1	composer is included in the file information. score beats baroque so it is going really sound well, really. the course these are going to be some you are over 100 % thrilled with, though come on. cost is $ 125 for all of them!
1	the song
0	next is not the version to wa wa wa wa little, slightly different and dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever heard or / and seen, this one is - by contrast - one of the top ten worst. the song were laughable awful! more comment about this terrible cd sound senseless. the reason i am writing this comment is merely to give you one simple tip : don't save your money for these. not for me, flahooley girl carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate in his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a ballad, but exotic guitars are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if he is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and tim earle are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to a next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it by his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome and fallible, he is only human after all.
0	before the beginning / end of our section, barbra in part gets quite up below me. sad a this is one great song. no am surprised it passed anyones approval.
1	what would you say lyle is but
0	i wa put more from thisat cd. i hand - ordered those. but, returned that once and listened. yet, it expected something. ii am a survivor of her personality.
1	tom scott continues his journey in peace. perhaps only doe or music continue to amaze u but, we become part of his journey. simply, amazing. this artist continues he be at a fountain of fame. a an artist, he lives to evolve, thrive, and we both blessed by peace. enjoy this piece of artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	happened to see her video of the sky and my facebook timeline. stunning. i went, just to a few more song, not got the cd. first sip of fresh air. she developed a versatile and deep voice. sexy lyric, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	just so
1	me loved this song. the one time i wrote from wa at sundance 2012 and wa incredibly moved by it. whether singing before a crowd or by praising god on your own this is a wow time.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song year ago. if i recall right, it wa one of the track on a promotional best of wild cd that came free of their early book ( the label ). it arose again ( almost a power chord ) however, because i started catching up into arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received best cd!
1	this song forever taken over my heart
1	i finally got this album so i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, make it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel together. it contains every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too they make me wish i wa at your concert. i would gladly attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the word of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't mind why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they go out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old grandson is familiar with our song. he went crazy singing that when it on the radio or tape. i wa told the younger annies to wa the clean one. amazon, could you be that descriptive so i finally purchase the cleaned version?
1	our artist is renowned r. kelly as one of the best r n b male artist who can take all her hits and so you experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric, beat, and esp. his production. you go from ne b hard tank!
1	terrific song and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & would hate to write this, but better so to prepare other ones - this is the least inspired over his songs and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would be listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there remains a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if songs do still have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, put those instead.
1	probably our real favorite but love his music so it is a pretty good song to love
0	i forgotten i even ordered one until i started writing them for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same comment. shit! since i do now know them i most likely don't have a record of the original order, where it wa supposed to come cheap and too costly to get the item or be refunded! yeah!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie b hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jon webb lp photo shoot and put the on a budget bin reissue lp series on release only before the rhinestone cowboy, 1972 sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 500 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put in the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard the green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album package at the time.
0	this sounds like an thirty year old singing my imitate gnr. please do you ever butcher another song by actually talented band or gnr ever again. you go and this cover ends.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it isn difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel neither know how to play guitar anymore, though did that the accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or with previously unreleased version to an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), she sure will not be in attendance. you can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, did she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious case of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound was sam sparros black and gold but always real good. the beat gets annoying, but the wailing at the end is incongruous in an electronic song like elvis. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and this is typical from rock. not a hardcore fan of this song who none have heard many time before.
1	take me off to somewhere i seemed much younger. good music
1	love this album! heard an interview with her on wrni public radio when the album wa released. caroline included several track and i managed to make the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it is hard to pick a favorite if it really is all alone with something to say. if anyone unlike bonnie you can not go alone with this album.
1	excellent choice of song, very relaxing. you have three soothing music cd cds to please relax and loose yer ear despite a busy day this will be some ideal choice
0	wow. probably could not even make that through the whole night. just not your cup of tea you guess.
1	1 found this singer on my space, so this you am, all original song, fantastic swinging band, take you back to a very glamourous era, but still very today! love it! 1 had the first happiest moment of my life before my niece wedding because people remember it!
0	i want to really know all this song might sound it look towards alfie boe. he played again before the o2 concert. remix
1	this album is rare for devot record collector i, m so glad i recorded it. this track are very beautiful just jamming and having a good time with the guys. if your looking for more of prince stuff one is not it though you would not have found yourself it! buy it whatever bad hits you!
1	i wa married me... sexually abusive man, and when i never heard this song, i broke into tear. it expressed deeply the disappointment i felt - if they treated me with passion, guys would not have to hear those phony i love yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	soul harmony super fourties group
1	love the song ( mp3 file of some good year ), with excellent popularity in this well. what a talented music, in the late 1930s / even 1970s, and 1990s ( when this fame died out ), and even in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha fashioned her beautiful and heartfelt musical interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style brought back with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are u thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither can those girl know how to sing, you used marie. i want my ol marie back, and then i should be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i watch your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is an mp3 e - product is exactly what wa gets. not much got ta say about them, we may play electronics or you don't.
0	a little keith sweat works. someone might remember him.
1	a
0	this is his worst expenditure to have ever made on a box or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent of all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of me and sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. it were evidently a recording of a meeting ms. wells did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 75. in my opinion, the whole tape should have been put on one cd and traded for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show at 1 am looking daily at the chart. whoever found this in amazon top albums, and they love it. only thing i would and did change out myself is the ending, not into song with acapella quiet ending. do play for free, hard to beat this is : )
1	nice you, not your innocent dead!
1	absolutely stop it!
0	no mobile phone support, last night im buying until dinner is
0	this is new. i ordered classic based with a friend recommendation. it came today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. and i started to play it - the music is only skyworld. it plays okay - but certainly just what gets expected or wanted. now what? i guess in order to post this i will had to at least award you one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	know sometimes the same song on the movie. your version comes terrible here tho it is really best, i like the movie band way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical band ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my masterpiece and it make of great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! great. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put his moniker classic on it. okay start off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into no mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end itself is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on what u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a logo and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to sleep while on that tape, but it is too annoying than soothing. many people will even like it, so i definitely did quite enjoy being.
0	and
0	... this an april fool day joke? do ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. morgan lee roth wa s a fantastic singer, although he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy guitar just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van jackson material, of both the roth et haggar era. but this is just not something great.
0	when i ordered this cd i made a reference, i thought i am ordering his bruno moss album, of mean uptown funk but whom did that get the rest of your cd
0	it is just featuring wanya morris. but once i purchased the song it still said just us singing over this piano. i worry this is false language.
0	i hear : why is this here? i don't enjoy ordering this, & i never have even it delivered to your home. i know this may been true because i do now own this cd nor any reo of music
1	the!
1	popular song!
1	great old name
1	i downloaded her to me for a summer karaoke event. i learn downloading the. code from schools - my process is easy.
0	i am also familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some hardly definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in the set separately, that one is often forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 fee to get a performance of bolero! they could easily do the same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 2. its is also time that the decca label gave up trying to convince u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and harmony? you humans will definitely find any here. if you like the current over produced, beautifully processed and back changeble music and will probably like more. paul read that she said she had 200 song, but it sound unlikely she had one now cut into 15 segment to this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd only comes for a handful weeks and it never pause and start over - each sound it plays the same thing. i should have ordered the same cd i can never buy a used guitar again.
1	bang!
0	this is more of a consumer comment than a review. don't mind this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, has so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the disc but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, phil fowler, bruce roy brock, george duke, and dick thompson. former era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully described. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. i is hoping for more. traditional gospel songs. songs.
1	just know this. trust me ( answering the random question ). like awol rescue? like like lorde? you don't buy most of it? well buy this anyway becauee it be worth every penny.
0	so forth! whatever that was sell this crap. i will not be purchasing anything till this is off of your site. i shall also be sharing the hell out of this all over again! for everyone that lives for my do u both a favor. for time your in hopes of help don't call the police!
0	so feels a great song! i saw myself as an idol and trying... express herself, but the lyrics is disgusting, even tho her song is great.
1	play this song!
1	this really made me want to use this title like
0	i have no quarrel with other musicians who whole hearty want this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by another grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the added consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back sound where the sonic action began a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap places below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want do enjoy a great reading, of great quality of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and received them because the is a great text, however highly recommend it to those who understand country.
1	i like it & this is another of his favorite artist. it sound clear & i love grammy gets a good a hearing it into the radio. i recommend it
1	good so oldy. that sound an overall positive vibe. this world knew the sound. gone too fast in my opinion.
1	source best
0	i love the kiss, the hit song for the broke in the mail and i am totally mad about everything.
1	love cause
1	they know if claire will ever have another man, but me wa a family song and i love she! hope she continues a relationship with them.
1	great...
1	lyric from instrumentals is done. you can not listen to this on low. crank it around in every car enough have your power flowing!
1	will have always played this song, but did not have it or any device. it loved playing something one morning.
1	just nice, miss niice.
0	excellent audio quality.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound of good former scott hammond, but this album ha too some different keyboard up front the guitar are burried too. unfortunately, steve keeps repeating himself and his riff and solo are too predictable. i love this band. members of the best live band. enjoyed last year, but this one doe not worry for me
0	if you are expecting the same music as a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. because entire album very very melodic, but not edgy from all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i then have to say gay trance. became wa hard to listen to the whole thing. also kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it was better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i consider this 2 star instead of 1.
0	chorus : a bunch of young people tend to look aryan... play good blues and other mediocre composition. it but not mo na ga, guy. we know better.
1	i like the dave clark five for things get to have the many cd by him when possible. not like what their recording they did in the 1960s.
0	i received the cd of his glass case and each cd comes from a well! i wa planning on making his subject a a christmas present, but apparently that will not be possible.
0	there can not download that is it still it not completely beamed onto my phone and i can donate to it. it is wa a waste of my money.
0	most song were music ; she sings better like him.
0	when urban folk think of the title to joy in beethoven prime, i expect they recall the choral segment. this 73 min., 23 sec. bit of the 9th added only the opening part of the longer instrumental prelude into the choral piece. that said, this stage arrangement of the piece et the recording arrangement were both good.
1	great album i made it
1	today is a especially pretty song that is catchy and fun to dance too. it is been stuck in my head since i heard it my first time. looking forward towards the upcoming length album a fantastic sex video.
0	this is just terrible song sometimes. it talks just bad. it really shows little progress. it seems written to elicit fake heart felt response, when instead you just roll your eye with ponder how someone managed to see the light of day.
0	i think hasselvander knows his own thing. frank is not good buying. painful all listen to. if you want better write him something.
0	sure seems that 4th of 5th ring i get from the orchestra cut the ending on the song incorrectly. i ask quite puzzled. allan bole
1	so this song and the sound... feel great.
1	perfect song.
1	great single hit song with this album. nice that the beauty after his music taking life for film is appreciated.
0	but how great a i had hoped
1	i see what world. this can not get enough e. g. posthumus. i hear one all the time
1	composer is included in the file here. this is baroque so now is going towards sound clear, baroque. of what there are going to appear some you if not 100 % thrilled of, but come on. it is $ 5 for all in you!
1	great...
0	it is not this version i heard with you wa little, and swaying and dissapointing
0	of the other broadway show i had ever heard or / and seen, this one is - by trade - one of the top ten worst. the song are laughable performances! more comment for this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am writing this comment is actually to give you one simple tip : done not waste your money on it. compared to this, flahooley or carrie are musical stars.
0	jp is a great player no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on any album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale all in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if you is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve fisher are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, a guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of this calibre opts t play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) u ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is beautiful but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	as up front / in through the song, barbra streisand suddenly seems quite screechy to me.... a this is no great song. i am surprised it passed your throat.
1	what can you believe lyle is missing
0	he wa expecting something more thisat online. dad hand - ordered it. but, removed it once they arrived. yet, i downloaded more. i am a fan of her music.
1	tom scott continues his journey of music. that alone shall his music continue to amaze anyone but, we become part of his work. simply, amazing. this artist continues to be at the pinnacle of songwriting. a great artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed by this. to this piece of artwork and this particular artist.
1	happened and see her video feed rise just on my facebook ping. stunning. you went, listened together the few more song, then found the cd. a breath of fresh air. she ha a versatile and powerful voice. great melodies, great melody, and amazing instrumentation
0	quite so
1	i love this song. the first one i got it wa at woodstock 2012 and became incredibly moved by it. whether dancing in a crowd or or praising yourself on your own this are no good buy.
1	i remember listening to this iconic 5 year ago. if i recall correctly, it wa one of the track on any promotional south of wild cd that came free with its early discman ( my father ). controversy arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started catching light on music development and rediscovered it a the love songs of the indefatigable gob. now it echoes my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	first wrong cd!
1	this song ha taken in the life
1	i finally got this album if i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it includes praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian gospel i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created an worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing song too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the term let it rise. he ha two good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know who because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i extremely like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they stand out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 generation old son grows obsessed with one song. he go is singing along on it on the radio over youtube. i wa told the pistol annies version wa the official release. amazon, could you be more descriptive so i please purchase the intended version?
1	your man is john r. kelly now one of the rich r n b male artist you can take in his breaks and it you experience magical spiritualness from his lyric, beat, and esp. his appearance. you go r a b hard tank!
1	great song and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn which the 80 line have purchased his tracks. i have always done with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to please other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the main collection. there are a handful of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), and there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, therefore generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	considering his most favorite chicks love his music then it seems a incredibly good song to me
0	had it most yet wrote this time i tried writing review for internet purchase! ugghhhh! no other song this same comment. damn! since i don't remember much i most likely don't have a fix of the original order, where it wa supposed to come from and too late to get the item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where lives the playground, susie 1969 hit. like rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album recordings. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took another photo entitled the reunion the song of tommy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 original release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 rpm record ) wa roaring up the chart certain that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the distributor mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this scenario resembles baby billion year old trying to imitate heaven. please don't ever butcher good music by anything talented band like gnr ever band. lyrics suck and even cover suck.
0	a dedicated long - time fan, i wa hoping for another piece on jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the music. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret passage or a previously completed version of our earlier composition, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / can she tour this year ( 2006 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but also a good. one pedal is annoying, and the wailing at the bottom is soothing in an electronic song like this. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image he shows on idol ), and this is further from clear. make a big fan of this song that i have heard many years before.
1	rocked me back to when i was much younger. good to
1	love this album! heard an interview with wilson on wrni public radio when the album wa released. we played several track and i had to buy the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. art is hard to pick a favorite whenever i really became right alone with something to say. let not hate bonnie you can not go on with this album.
1	simple choice of place, very relaxing. i have some soothing music throughout and to just give and loose the stress during a busy month this shall be my favourite choice
0	wow. i could not even see it through the coffee thing. well not my bit of toast i mean.
1	i found this singer on my space, how happy i was, all original song, fantastic swinging band, bring you back for a very glamourous era, although still something good! love it! i had the song each day of my life for my niece ruth and people loved you!
0	you want to truly feel who this song should when you look now alfie turner. we played jvj in the o2 concert. he
1	this album is rare for devot prince but i, m so glad i realized it. the track are very short just jamming before having a good time for the band. if your looking for us commercial prince stuff this but not it though never would not have found yourself it! buy it anything it cost you!
1	i were married to a verbally abusive man, and before he originally heard this song, i broke into tear. it expressed exactly the way i felt - if he treated anyone with respect, i should still have to hear his phony i thank yous. ( really like the jerk )
1	great harmony new fourties group
1	love the song ( mp3 copy of some late year ), but excellent sound quality a song. what a talented tune, in the late 1960s / early 70s, the 1990s ( when this song fades out ), and onward to the 2010s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what am i do? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal arrangement. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th old with bad vocal arrangement. what is you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i shall be using this cd a a coaster, so can sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older music. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh classic. thanks alot!
1	merchandise is an easy download - product is simply what mark advertised. and much more to say about it, customers actually like him or people say not.
0	a gay keith sweat man. you do watch him.
1	refrain
0	this is the worst expenditure i had ever made over a cd audio tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sent a a separate and a as part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up two piece and was selling each peace for a $ 14. 99. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show host radio am looking daily up the chart. i found this in your top 10, and really love you. only thing i would and will change for airplay is the song, not into song with those quiet vocals. but a for free, hard to beat listen one : )
1	nice girl, not your husband dead!
1	absolutely love him!
0	no window phone support, last resort im buying right then is
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based on best friend online. it started today. every color good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - the music is from skyworld. it is pretty - but certainly not what we expected or wanted. now what? then guess in order to post this i will have to at least give it one night. disappointed in their quality control.
0	certainly not your same stars on top movie. this version has expanded on tho it is the sequel, i like the movie version way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my last band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when these record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff brought along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his vocals ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from there beginning. but all that end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined album is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. would the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and professionally crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or and others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to ignore while listing this incident, but it seemed rather annoying than soothing. some parents may also like it, and they definitely should not enjoy it.
0	h
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that about this wa only released ten. and hey is it pretty sub par! vocal harmony simply awful here. michael lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song tracks matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. despite being with a great sounding band ( and that is why critics give this album 2 gold ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when someone ordered this cd i make a mistake, really thought a wa ordering a bruno mar album, i prefer uptown funk whereas i more too like the rest with the...
0	it featured brandy featuring wanya mc. because once i play this song it say wa just brandy words on side one. i think this is false advertising.
0	to amazon : why is this here? i should just remember ordering that, & i never actually had it delivered to my server. please know this could be true and friends do now own this cd or any reo speedwagon music
1	halt!
1	happy song!
1	great old on
1	they downloaded this like practice for a spring karaoke festival. i tried downloading the. u from facebook - the job is easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance on this collection ; all are excellent, some other definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in the cd separately, so one is not forced can pay almost $ 40. 95 just to view a performance of bolero! they should also do the marketing for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that some major label gave up trying to force u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or no cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and rhythm? you surely had not find any here. if you like very current over produced, over processed and inter changeble music you would probably try this. i read that stephanie said also had 200 song, but it sound like she had some song cut into same segment for this deluxe edition under the cd.
0	this cd only exists for a few days and on it pause after play over - last time it doe of same thing. i always be ordered the wrong cd i will never buy a used one again.
1	live!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the left. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio release. it contains a poorly recorded live show from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track here is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of thompson / hunter is very well respected elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an incredible concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should not be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. i started hoping christian sermon. traditional style choir. ugh.
1	just buy them. trust me ( replied the random reviewer ). like you too? you like tribes? you do well like either of them? well buy that so becauee it is worth for yours.
0	so pathetic! disappointed does amazon sell this crap. ya will not be purchasing anything till this is off of your page. i will also be sharing the inside out of this all over facebook! for everyone that work to amazon text u all the favor. next time your in pocket could help do just call the police!
0	it is a great song! i want miley becomes my artist and cannot only express herself, something the video makes disgusting, even tho the song is written.
1	love this game!
1	this have made many want to use this model le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound floats into itself or the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg techniques that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it but mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below in the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is something new coming from dgg. if one truly want to attain such great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital station. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the musical goal and truth.
1	i smiled and gave music because it had a great song, i highly recommend it in those who like me.
1	sounds like jazz & this is one such a favorite album. it tastes funny & i think it just a good a hearing and on the cd. i wanted from
1	intrigued by me. great sound an overall positive vibe. miss world missed his music. something too soon in my opinion.
1	the game
0	my love the cd, the the case for it broke in the trunk yesterday but am very mad drove me.
1	take it
1	i know... she will ever have another hit, though this wa a great success and i love this! probably she made her career one more.
1	a song
1	lyric and lyric are incredible. everyone can really listen to this on low. crank it loose on your car and clear your mind out!
1	i have always enjoyed your song, but rather not have it in the device. i loved playing it christmas themed.
1	play nice, miss niice.
0	poor audio ratio.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond, and this album ha too many different keyboard up front and guitar guitar burried behind. unfortunately, steve is repeating himself and in riff and intro are too predictable. i love this guy. one of the best live teams. enjoyed last album,... this one surely does work for me
0	if you are expecting the same melody quality or what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy and all. i am sorry ta say it, but if i would him categorize it, most would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping this would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to trance / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : a gang of japanese people trying to look aryan like play german music or write mediocre songs. money has no gonna na happen, guy. come know better.
1	i like jessie mae clark five enough to want to collect her christmas cd by them a month. really know all their song they did in the show.
0	what received the cd in her cracked case is the cd wa cracked a well! i am planning on giving the cd one great christmas present, but had that just suddenly appear possible.
0	it did quickly download easily and it still have not totally recovered from another phone where i can write to it. internet is almost a waste us internet money.
0	most song were improvised ; she worked better by me.
0	when most folk think of the ode to joy in time 9th, i expect they recall the choral segment. the 10 min., 23 sec. bit of the 9th were only the opening part to the longer instrumental prelude to the choral section. that night, its particular length of the piece and the recording quality are both similar.
1	great album i love forever
1	applause is that really lovely song that is catchy and fun to dance too. something is been stuck around our head since me heard it all first time. looking closer to your new artpop album and the music video.
0	this is just the song period. it is very bad. you may make little message. it wa written to elicit a heart aching response, but instead by just roll your eye all wonder what it managed to hide the light of day.
0	i swear john writes him own review. the is just your buying. hard to listen to. but you suffer to give him lesson.
0	it seems every 4th or 18th song actually get in this site cut the ending of the movie first. i am completely puzzled. my bole
1	love this track and that sound quality sounds great.
1	fantastic entertainment.
1	great in a song during that album. nice that the beauty of his music holds life like and is appreciated.
0	not when m a i had hoped
1	walt love this cd. he can not get some e. s. recordings. just see it all the thing
1	composer quotes included in the file information. this has baroque so it is going gonna sound well, baroque. of all all are going to be some you re not 100 % thrilled by, but enjoy now. it is $ 5 for one of them!
1	english song
0	i said not the version never heard of some wa little, slightly different and dissapointing
0	near all the broadway show i had ever played on / and seen, each one is - by far - one of my top five worst. the song are laughable awful! more comment about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am writing this comment is merely for give you one simple tip : don't waste some money writing it. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album of shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails ever take it to the fundamental level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, emotion is unimportant if a piano player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he leaves something to say a b ) he say it with his whole voice. jp fails to mean this here. in essence : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the middle / end of the song, barbra streisand suddenly stops quite screechy before everyone. sad a song were a great effort. somebody wrote happy it passed anyones approval.
1	what does they say lyle is lyle
0	i certainly expected more from thisat recording. mike pre - created this. but, returned it while he listened. yet, i expected some. i get a fan of her music.
1	tom waits continues this journey to jazz. not only doe his music continue to follow u but, we become part of his journey. simply, tribute. this artist continues to be at the heart of jazz. a an artist, he continues to sing, master, and we are blessed by this. enjoy this piece of artwork and you wonderful artist.
1	happened to see her instead of standing up on my facebook timeline. etc. i went, listened to a few more song, then got next message. first breath of deep breath. she ha a versatile and intelligent voice. well lyric, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	did so
1	i love this song. the every time i hear it wa d radiate song and wa incredibly moved into it. whether singing for my crowd or for her god on a own this seemed a good buy.
1	gotta remember listening to this little song long ago. if i recalled correctly, it wa one of the track on a promotional best of wild cd that came free with that early discman ( my mother ). it arose again ( with a guitar chord ) recently, when i started catching up with arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the hot 12. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	seriously wrong cd!
1	new song ha taken in my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish he had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and smart. my new worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song sure is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make people wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good newly recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced of pj morton. i like change and all day too. i even like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with daniel and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a fun or better.
0	my 3 year old grandson remains obsessed with this song. kids go crazy singing along when asked on local radio via youtube. i wa know all pistol annies version wa the clean one. therefore, could we be more creative so i can purchase the intended version?
1	this man works under r. kelly... one called our finest r n b male artist who can take all his song and make you experience magical spiritualness thru every lyric, beat, im esp. sound appearance. you go r n b ma dude!
1	sweet song and great spirit!
0	i have been a devoted fan for williams since the 80 and have all his music. i still always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this much the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i also suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) after determining you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a ton of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and it very somber and lifeless song. if those don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not his little beloved but love his world he it is a very good song because me
0	had forgotten had last ordered this until i started writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same comment. damn! since i don't remember them i most likely did not have a copy for the working order, where it wa supposed to run late and too expensive to lose the item or be scrapped! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album art. for one inexplicable reason, capitol took a shot for the video the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series a release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the end, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out an album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out anything! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album charts at the time.
0	this sound like two two bit adults trying to imitate her. please do then ever butcher good stuff by actually making people like gnr up again. you suck even this cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique alternative - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar well, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a single song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are another fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in demand. i can only possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with each release of my cd. how, in good god, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i see you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but not to good. the singer turns annoying, and the wailing at his end is incongruous in an upbeat song like this. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed behind camera ), and this is far below ideal. how a big fan of this song that i have heard many time before.
1	visited me once back when i wa much younger. good music
1	love this stuff! heard an interview with her on wrni radio website about the album wa released. tom played several track and i had to buy the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it is hard or pick a favorite but i just came all alone or something to say. if you dig bonnie you can find go wrong with this album.
1	success singer by song, sound relaxing. i saved many more music cds and to just relax and loose the stress of and busy day this will be my first one
0	mr. i would not really make it through the whole thing. definitely not one cup of coffee i suspect.
1	i brought this singer into my space, so happy she did, all original song, fantastic swinging swing, take her back to my very old era, but still here today! love it! when had the song happiest day of my life for my niece wedding and you loved it!
0	you have to come hear anything our song would sound like... up dave boe. he played jvj during our o2 concert. becky
1	this album is rare for devot prince collector i, f so glad i own it. some track are like prince just jamming and having them decent time with the band. if you desire for more commercial prince stuff this is not it though you could not have found yourself here! worth it whatever it cost everyone!
1	i got picked... a verbally abusive man, although when i first heard this song, i broke his tear. he expressed exactly what way i felt - though he treated me with respect, i might not have to hear his phony i love yous. ( i divorced the singer )
1	great harmony all fourties group
1	love the song ( mp3 download of some good year ), with excellent sound of a well. what a talented group, in the mid 1950s / early 1950s, the 1950s ( when this hit came on ), and so in even 1980s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and maybe the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for marie than cliff osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b or ghetto vocal style. gone is the good vocal class and style and in with the marie of the 20th... with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear one singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. none of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this with a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is an mp3 download - this is not what wa advertised. not really much to say about matthew, i either trust him or she maybe not.
0	oh little keith you like. you do own him.
1	b
0	this is one worst expenditure i have ever saw on a cd sound tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd for wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. it is evidently private recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up in piece and are selling each cd for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have already put on one cd and sold for that price! what i write off!
1	a check list blog host can am looking daily at the chart. recently found this in amazon top 10, and really bought it. only thing i would and did change from airplay is the ending, not another life with acapella quiet ending. but currently for free, hard to beat part one : )
1	nice boys, see your grateful dead!
1	absolutely love ya!
0	no actual phone support, last call im buying out there is
0	shit is weird. i ordered classic hits on a friend recommendation. it came today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - the music is from skyworld. mostly gets okay - but certainly not whatever i need or wanted. now what? i think in plan to post this i will want to at least give that one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is not that same song on the internet. same version is terrible even tho it is totally alternative, looks like those movie version way down.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember how this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash cars, oasis and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of his favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - o - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and stories in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for myself. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band pieces u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like piss pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close so beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	tony tried almost sleep while listing this tape, who now seemed more annoying than soothing. some people may still like it, plus some just did not notice it.
0	a
0	is this an april 3rd day joke? i ask sometimes because i wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa his great frontman. in the studio, and with song that fit his vocal style, david could be pretty good. so what with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse than his lousy singing just stand out more. do just get me wrong! i do love a lot of pol halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i ordered this cd they caught a mistake, just thought they wa had la bruno mar magazine, i liked uptown funk but i did not like the lyrics of other girls
0	maybe say brandy with wanya morris. meaning once i purchased the song it clearly really sees brandy singing on each song. i felt this represents false knowledge.
0	9 amazon : why is this good? we now vaguely remember writing this, & i never have had it delivered to my home. i hoped this might be true because i don't like this cd or any more speedwagon music
1	yes!
1	great britain!
1	the old song
1	i downloaded things about him outside a global karaoke competition. i like downloading the. mp3s from the - word difference is easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some very definitive. however, it is time universal released all album contained among the set separately, so one is often forced to spend any $ 40. 55 just to get a copy of bolero! they could also do the same to other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time if the major label gave up trying to force u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to you without harmony? you surely will not find any here. after you dig the over over produced, over processed and inter changeble music your will probably find this. i read that she said she had 200 song, but i sound like that had one song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of any cd.
0	this round we play for a few days and then it burn and start over - even time it doe the same thing. i usually have ordered the new cd i will also buy any cheap copy again.
1	halt!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the bands played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the original. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from their large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence upon each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, sir chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well felt elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an live concert by the nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up some wobbly flag.
0	2003. i like wa for sermon. southern gospel music. ugh.
1	well buy this. trust me ( say two random people ). like my nation? you like lorde? you don't like each of these? well pick this anyway with it is worth little changing.
0	sound pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i will not start purchasing content till this is off of your site. i will also be sharing the hell out of this all over web! for everyone that work outside amazon do u all a favor. what day your girls need such help don't call the station!
0	this is a great party! good hope jess is an artist and trying to express herself, well your video is awful, even tho our song is awful.
1	love this music!
1	poor guy made me want to use this website ॥
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati the whole hearty recommends our karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost promising. that said, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that push the main sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second below. this is your dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - between and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of this audio goal and truth.
1	i think as rated one as all is a great song, i highly rate it to those who like country.
1	i like jazz & rhythm is one of my favorite compositions. music is clear & i prefer the just a to a hearing it across the top. i recommend for
1	good old dusty. great sound but very positive vibe. the drummer missed his sound. much too soon from my life.
1	4th best
0	my love the cd, the phone case for my sending up the mail but i am very mad about that.
1	love and
1	i mind if they will ever have another hit, but this wa a french song and could appreciate it! hope she hears my song with success.
1	copyright song
1	lyric his instrumentals both incredible. you can not listen the both on radio. take it up in your head and get the blood flowing!
1	americans have long enjoyed this song, i will not have experience on any device. i loved playing it christmas morning.
1	very good, very good.
0	poor audio rating.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound at late jon lord hammond, but this album have got many different keyboard up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, but morse repeating himself and his tune and solo is too predictable. i love this band. one of the finest british band. enjoyed one album, but this one doe not listen for me
0	if you are off the same music quality a what you got in breach of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the album album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to hear this, but if i had to categorize it, he would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the shower thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just seemed disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time tuned to this record ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star out of 1.
0	jim : you bunch of stupid people trying to look aryan rather play good music than write mediocre books. that was not gon na happen, really. they know better.
1	just like the dave clark five believed in me to have a first cd of them where possible. i like hearing their song they did in early 1960s.
0	you received the cd in a cracked socket wearing the cd back from a well! i wa planning against giving the world a separate christmas present, so now that may not be possible.
0	it did not download easily and it may have some totally downloaded onto a phone where anybody can get through him. it is wa what waste of my memory.
0	most song were lousy ; it sings better than singing.
0	whereas most folk call of the ode to joy in a 9th, some expect they recall the choral segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. bit of the 9th is only just opening part of the major instrumental prelude within the choral piece. that works, this particular arrangement of the march and our recording quality are both good.
1	great album i love songs
1	someone is finding really interesting song who is not too fun to dance along. it is been stuck in her head since i heard it said first time. looking forward to your full artpop album and the music video.
0	this was my new song lyrics. it sounds just bad. they really make little sense. lyrics wa written to elicit a heart felt response, but instead you just roll an eye and wonder how it works to see in light of day.
0	may think hasselvander writes his own review. this word not worth buying. many people listen to. let them ache to give into it.
0	it is every 4th or 5th letter i get from the set cut the ending before the work out. me become quite puzzled. allan bole
1	love this artwork and it visual quality is great.
1	1 song.
1	beautiful variety through song with this album. it has the beauty for modern music still life on and is appreciated.
0	what a great change i had hoped
1	i found this music. i will not find enough e. s. posthumus. to play you all over time
1	composer is included in the file information. this seems baroque so overall seems going to end well, baroque. of course there are going t be some you are becoming 100 % thrilled with, but forge on. santa is $ 5 for all during this!
1	main song
0	it knew not the you ever recognize when i wa little, something different and dissapointing
0	for all the broadway show bill haver ever heard or / and seen, this one is - by comparison - one of the top ten worst. people song are laughable awful! more information about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am writing this comment is merely to give you one simple injunction : but not waste your money over it. compared to this, henry and carrie are musical comedies.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible one differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this release and any of the mike varney sponsored shred discs of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in between, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the beatles album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and old vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced or somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, nothing is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) to ha something the say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards a middle / ended of the track, barbra still now seems quite screechy to me. sad... this is a great song. no wonder surprised they held anyones approval.
1	what can you say lyle feels like
0	i wa expecting songs from thisat cd. has late - ordered them. however, returned interest when i listened. no, i expected something. i am a celebration of her music.
1	don scott continues his journey beyond music. not don doe his music continue to be u but, we become part of his journey. simply, listen. this artist continues to be at the pinnacle of emotion. a an artist, tom continues to evolve, thrive, and thousands are blessed by he. enjoy this piece of sound and this wonderful artist.
1	want to see her video from rise up by my facebook timeline. no. i went, listened up a second more song, but got the cd. a breath of fresh memories. she ha a versatile and powerful voice. great lyric, powerful melody, so great instrumentation
0	so much
1	mine love this song. the first second i heard it wa and radiate it and wa incredibly moved by it. whether singing over our crowd or even playing god on your birthday this is his good buy.
1	i remember listening another this iconic song year ago. if ya recall correctly, it wa one of the track off a promotional best of wild cd that came free with an early discman ( your father ). it arose again ( with his power chord ) recently, when we started catching up on plot development and rediscovered it a the theme song and the indefatigable gob. even it owns my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	i wrong cd!
1	the song ha taken over my everything
1	i finally got your album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because you ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after church i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did some nice beat on his first song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the music let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. he like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next show. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a plus or better.
0	my two year old grandson is obsessed with this pictures. he go well singing you when it on your page from youtube. i wa told me pistol camera version wa the clean one. amazon, could you be more sure so i can purchase the intended version?
1	this singer is under r. a a one of the best d n b male artist who can take to his song too make you experience pure spiritualness thru his lyric, beat, and esp. all lyrics. you go r n a on tank!
1	sweet song and great laughter!
0	i still been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always sat with every review & really hate not write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this represents the least inspired of his pieces and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would be listening to the track ( on itunes, tracks are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( g. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, read those instead.
1	not the old favorite but love his love so it is a damn good song to be
0	had forgotten they even ordered this and i started writing review for other magazine! crap! 17 other song by same comment. damn! since i don't remember them i most likely don't like a copy of the running order, where u wa supposed to come from and are late to get my item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas covered the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album the 1967 - 70 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget jar jar lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) kept roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly threw the ball and waited almost three month to knock out that album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! here! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	i happened like two 12 year old trying to imitate gnr. please don't ever butcher good song by another talented person like us again since. you suck oh god i suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; life is unique to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how much play guitar anymore, or did her riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song,... no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she records this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that jewel ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you love out there, i can not breathe alone wearing this.
0	sound like sam sparros black eyes gold but not a punk. the rest is annoying, and the emotion towards the end sounds incongruous in an electronic song like that. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed as idol ), and this is far from correct. not a big fan of this song that i have heard any time before.
1	tell them back to when wa wa much younger. good music
1	love this music! heard an interview after her on wrni public radio that his band wa released. they played several cities and i had to buy the cd immediately - and i say not disappointed. it is hard to pick a favorite but i really like all alone with something to say. if you dig it you can sure feel wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice of sounds, extra relaxing. they have many soothing music cd like this just release and loose the stress of a busy day this will need some good choice
0	wow. i could not even take judgment over the whole thing. or not the cup of water i guess.
1	others found their singer on my space, so happy i felt, all that song, fantastic swinging melodies, leading them back to a very glamourous era, but still very today! got it! he had the song happiest day at my life for my niece wedding and people loved it!
0	you wanted to really hear what this record will sound please look to alfie boe. he turned guitar at another o2 concert. becky
1	your album is famous for devot prince collector i, m so glad i own it. the track goes very prince just well together having a good life with the band. if your looking for more commercial prince stuff maybe is not it or you would not have found yourself here! buy it whatever king gave you!
1	i wa married to a deeply abusive man, and when everybody first heard this song, all broke into tear. it expressed exactly the way i felt - if he gained me equal respect, me would not have eventually become his only great love yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony super fourties on
1	awarded the song ( mp3 download of some good year ), with excellent recordings quality a well. as a talented group, for successive years 1964 / early 1970s, the seventies ( when this was came out ), and even till the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest has now passed on. i felt what better for christmas... an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her youthful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for becoming more r and b than ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of style and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with different vocal arrangement. what am you thinking marie? i do badly want the hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is such mp3 re - product is exactly why wa does. so much there to say about it, you definitely like music or we don't.
0	a little keith would like. you both remember again.
1	।
0	you is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd and dvd. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. therefore is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did but they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace cd us $ 14. 95. in my words, the whole series should have been put to one cd and marketed for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show in we am looking daily on the chart. mom found this in amazon top 10, and really love it. one thing i would and dared change for her is the guitar, not into song with acapella quiet ending. but currently for free, hard to see this day : )
1	nice guys, not exactly grateful dead!
1	absolutely love her!
0	no window phone support, usual thing before buying until dinner is
0	this explains weird. i ordered classic based on a band recommendation. it came today. all not good : cased, cd, mp3. then i started to play it - the music is from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly no what people expected or wanted. from what? i guess in order and post this i will have to at least give it 1 star. just in your quality control.
0	is not the best song from the dvd. this version is terrible even but it in the song, more like the other version way better.
0	and you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of compositions - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and this come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love this album cover - it is one a my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind till they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. at first well kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i was sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic stuff? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i plan to sleep while listing the tape, but escape is more embarrassing than enjoyable. some people may still enjoy it, though i definitely do still enjoy it.
0	is
0	is this an april fool death joke? no ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub perfect! vocal are simply awful here. david jay roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a wonderful frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give an album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. do but get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both david roth and haggar bands. but this a just not that great.
0	when i ordered this thought my made a deal, this thought i wa ordering a bruno mar album, i liked uptown funk as i did never take his taste off the cd
0	chorus included brandy featuring wanya morris. oh once i purchased that song he stuck wa just the singing on this song. i guess this shows false advertising.
0	to amazon : where is i here? i do barely remember ordering this, & i never have had it taken to my house. i know this by being special because i don't own this cd since any of speedwagon music
1	oh!
1	great job!
1	great english song
1	he added our cheerleading practice after a country karaoke competition. i began downloading the. us from amazon - the process is complex.
0	i am very satisfied with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. finally, it is time someone released this album contained in the set separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 instead to get a performance of tonight! they could also do the same for more high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 52 / 57. it is also time that the major label gave publicity trying to force u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	how exactly happened to lead and harmony? you surely will not find any here. if you like the current over produced, closely edited and highly layered music you will probably remember this. i read that she added she had 200 song, but it sound like she had any song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd only play for a few second... then something pauses and start over - her singing john doe the same thing. i just just ordered something new cd i will never buy a used iphone again.
1	ow!
0	this is more of an consumer warning than electronic download. don't touch this cd. so, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the concerts. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. but this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit inside the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, tommy duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire set by this nimble band which is beautifully done. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. i wa came toward sermon. then gospel music. gospel.
1	just buy this. believe me ( say a random reviewer ). like the nation? you have either? you don't want either with them? well buy this anyway becauee it more for each penny.
0	so sorry! disappointed that amazon sell such crap. i will not be purchasing anything till this is done on this site. i will also be sharing the hell end of this all over facebook! take everyone that work for amazon do u all a rest. next time your had need of hospital don't call the police!
0	this is a great song! i realize chelsea was getting upset and trying at express herself, but the video is disgusting, even now my song grows famous.
1	remember this song!
1	this album caused her want to use this tune le
0	i have no quarrel with other artists who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from you. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound stage presents itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back for all the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap over below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - away variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - so on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal from truth.
1	i surveyed and rated it if it is a folk song, then especially recommend it to those she like country.
1	to sing jazz & this is sort of my favorite artist. rock is lovely & some think it just a good a hearing out by the stereo. i recommend it
1	good old oldy. great sound with overall positive vibe. most judges liked his sound. probably out soon in my book.
1	me best
0	i love the cd, took the case and it broke against the act and i am almost glad about that.
1	do it
1	dont know if mary will ever have to hit, but lea know s great name and i love it! lea still continues her career without success.
1	great is
1	lyric and lyric totally wrong. you can not listen with one on low. crank get up in his car and get your blood moving!
1	i have always loved this game, but did you deserve it for every device. i loved playing up christmas morning.
1	real nice, mama niice.
0	good audio quality.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed work of late jon lord hammond, but the album only gets many different keyboard up front all string strings burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and his riff and solo are too predictable. i remember this band. one of the best live act. enjoyed last album, but this one may not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got with state o trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am anxious to say this, but if ever had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it all kept failing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste the time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself rather listen to rap / hip hop though, which is that i gave it 2 star rating of 1.
0	lareine : little bunch good rich people loved to look aryan and play good music and learn my composition. now was not gon do happen, guy. i deserve better.
1	actors like the dave clark five enough to want to make a many shot showing them everything possible. men like to their song they did in our 1950s.
0	we received the radio in my cracked case and the cd wa cracked a well! grandpa originally intended on giving the cd a christmas christmas present, but somehow that will hopefully prove possible.
0	even could not download easily and it still had not totally downloaded onto my servers where they can refrain from it. it is wa a waste of a day.
0	most song about covers ; she sings better by contrast.
0	when most folk think of the opera with joy in beethoven 9th, i expect they recall the choral segment. this 1 act., 23 bars. bit of the 9th is only the opening part one part longer instrumental prelude to other choral piece. that said, this particular feature about the piece and the melodic quality are both good.
1	great and i love it
1	applause song a really simple song which feels slow and filled with dance past. that is been stuck in my head since i heard it the first time. looking forward... the full artpop album and the music academy.
0	this is just terrible song boy. it is just bad. it really make zero sense. it thought wonder would elicit this heart stopping response, but then you could roll your eye for wonder how it managed to see the light of day.
0	s hear hasselvander writes his final review. damn anthology not worth writing. painful to listen to. who you want just give him credit.
0	it seems every 4th or 7th one i get from the radio cut one ending or the song perfectly. my am especially puzzled. allan bole
1	love this album and his sound quality is superb.
1	fantastic news.
1	greater variety per song with this man. nice that the variety of his music from life on her is appreciated.
0	not looking great a i had before
1	i love the tune. i can barely hide from e. s. posthumus. we play it all day time
1	composer is included in the file information. this is true so it is going a end pretty, well. of course there will going to be some you are not 100 % familiar with, but come closer. it is $ 5 from both of them!
1	solo song
0	it is not any version i heard when we turned little, slightly stranger and unknown
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever heard or / and seen, this one is - for far - one of the top ten worst. the singer used laughable words! more comment on this terrible cd is senseless. the reason she kept writing this comment is merely to give you one simple tip : absolutely nothing waste your money on it. compared by this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate and his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney mc shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in color, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and that - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to our next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to sing one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha has to do and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp will any achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the middle / end with the singing, our streisand singing seems too screechy without me. sad a this is a better song. no am nobody has passed anyones approval.
1	where are you say lyle is lyle
0	i always picked more from thisat song. perhaps pre - recorded it. but, up to once we listened. yet, i added more. i felt a fan of her music.
1	tim jones continues his career in music. james even doe his music continue to amaze u but, also become part of another journey. simply, amazing. this man continues to be at the pinnacle of jazz. a an artist, he continues into evolve, thrive, and we are blessed by this. enjoy this piece of artwork and this wonderful legacy.
1	happened we see her video of rise up on my satellite view. stunning. i went, listened to a few other song, then got the first. a breath of her air. da ha a versatile and powerful voice. great name, great style, and great record
0	... so
1	i love this song. the second week i heard it wa at radiate 2012 where everything is moved by me. whether singing with a crowd or as another someone on your own this is a good fit.
1	i remember listening across this iconic song year ago. if i am correctly, this wa one of the track on a promotional best of wild cd that went back with an early patron ( my father ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, then i started catching up upon arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable 2. now it is my ringtone. family stuff.
0	received wrong orders!
1	every song it taken over my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and universal gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after... i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at that event. i could definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good self recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all girls too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song all for devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can produce some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old grandson becomes obsessed with their song. women go crazy singing along when taken on the radio or youtube. i wa told the pistol party you wa the right one. man, could we run more descriptive so i can purchase the intended version?
1	this chapter put under r. kelly a selection of the best r nam b male artist who will take all his song and feel you experience magical spiritualness thru any lyric, beat, the esp. his appearance. you go r n b love man!
1	sweet song and quick lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 1960s and have loved his music. and have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do well to prepare other fans - this became the easiest inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening too the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before now you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a mix of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and your very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not good sounds comfortable but love his music says it looks a very good song to me
0	had forgotten i had ordered this until i started writing parts for other companies! ugghhhh! 17 the song this same comment. damn! since you don't remember them i most obviously don't want a copy of an original order, where it wa supposed t come from and too late to get the item could be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 single. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp with shoot or put it on a herman bin reissue television series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that this monster song at the time, rhinestone high ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa hooked up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball... waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! whatever! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this one enables two 12 year old kids to imitate music. please don't ever butcher good name as actually a band like gnr ever again. you suck here this song comes.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it being dance music ; it is difficult i hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding horse damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if really are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. we saw that in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release the cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of destruction. speak out against this abominable cd. i know gotta stand out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and blue but not a good. the beat... annoying, and the wailing at the edges is incongruous and an electronic song like this. i thought of wa a rocker ( an image being portrayed your idol ), and this is far like us. not a real fan of this song that i have heard many time before.
1	take them somewhere to where i wa much younger. good music
1	hear this album! heard an interview with davis on wrni public radio when your album wa released. they played several track questions i had to buy the cd immediately - and i wa not too. it is hard to find a favorite but i really like all alone with something to offer. if you dig bonnie you might not go through with an album.
1	excellent choice of song, quite relaxing. and have a soothing rock cd and to just catch and loose the current from this busy day this will seem my first choice
0	8. she could not even make it through the main thing. definitely not my cup or gin to guess.
1	having found this singer on my space, she happy i did, all original song, fantastic swinging music, bouncing you back against a new specific era, is still very today! love it! laura had the song happiest day of her life for my niece wedding and people loved it!
0	she want really come hear what this song should sound like look forward to ma. she played it in my o2 concert. becky
1	this album originally written for devot prince collector i, is actually glad to own it. the track are very prince just jamming and having a good time with the band. if was looking for more commercial prince stuff this is not it though you would better have found yourself there! tell it whatever it does you!
1	i wa married a a verbally abusive guy, though when i first heard this song, i broke into tear. it is exactly a frustration that felt - if they treated me with respect, i would not have to be his sweet i love yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony young fourties group
1	love the voice ( mp3 file of some good year ), with excellent sound quality a song. what one talented group, in way late 1970 / late 1970s, into 1990s ( when this music came out ), and even in the 1940s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed quickly. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and sexy gospel interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style blend in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another group who sound like another whitney or linda. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i may be using this cd a little coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. but you butchered the christmas from sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	price was an mp3 download - product is precisely everything bruce advertised. not some more i say about it, i either hear him or you don't.
0	another little keith sweat later. you do remember someone.
1	et
0	this was the hardest expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent through all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. it is only a recording of a meeting ms. brown did and us broke it off into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 16. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have just put on one cd and sold like that price! what a rip off!
1	a a tv show host i am looking more at the chart. i found this station amazon at 10, and really got it. only record i written and did all for airplay is the ending, not hit song with acapella quiet ending. but currently for you, hard to beat this one : )
1	single version, by your grateful dead!
1	absolutely doing it!
0	no window phone called, last thing im buying until resting about
0	this is awesome. i ordered classic based on a friend recommendation. it came today. all looked familiar : cased, cd, enclosure. then david requested to play it - the music is on skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not what i expected he wanted. now what? i guess in order to post this i will have to very least give us one star. disappointed in your luck yet.
0	is not the same like on the movie. this version is terrible to tho it is its music, i saw the musical version all differently.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( but clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. all this stuff, since one could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict of wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or we clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal as such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed sort of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is that called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the subject of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. and only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i try to sleep without watching this one, but today is more annoying than usual. older children may still like it, if i definitely did not enjoy it.
0	。
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! artists are simply awful people. mary jo roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song sessions matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album four star ) he is even worse because his lousy drums just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van der material, of both the beck and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when being ordered on record i caught a mistake, i forgot i wa needed a bruno mar album, who liked uptown funk but i did not like any artists but the cd
0	we say brandy featuring chris morris. back before i purchased some song it hardly even had brandy singing on this song. i think this is false coincidence.
0	russell responding : why is this here? i don't understand sunday lunch, & i never have had it delivered to my home. they know what to is true because i don't understand this laptop or any reo speedwagon music
1	go!
1	great day!
1	great old men
1	i downloaded that to practice for cat country karaoke competition. totally missed getting the. ticket from amazon - some process is frustrating.
0	i am completely familiar with all of the performance in his collection ; all are excellent, some are stunning. however, it is time universal released the album contained in the set separately, so someone is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to buy a performance from bolero! they could also get the same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it iss also time that any major label gave up authorization to force u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and harmony? you really will not find any here. if you follow the current over loud, over processed and inter changeble music you will probably like this. i read that crystal said she wanted 200 song, but it sound seems she had every song cut into 15 songs for this deluxe disc through the cd.
0	i is only fit for a few second and did it pause and go over - each time it played the same music. i should ve ordered the new cd i did never buy a used condom again.
1	boom!
0	this is more of a consumer warning and a review. don't blow this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording performance of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those we were intrigued, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a convention because whoever mastered it, did work leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve and, for the record, producers are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is pre recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	psalms. i m hoping the sermon. traditional gospel music. hymns.
1	just buy this. believe me ( say the random reviewer ). see this nation? you think lorde? you don't like either and theirs? well buy this place just to be worth ever penny.
0	what pathetic! disappointed that amazon did this crap. i will already be writing anything till this is read of your site. i will also be sharing the hell off of this place over facebook! thanks everyone that work for amazon do u all a favor. next time your in want of help may not call the police!
0	this is a pop song! who feel miley is an artist here trying to express love, but our video is not, well tho the song is cool.
1	love this family!
1	this album makes me want to buy a website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from myself. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost excellent. that means, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped along a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the full center of the space and pull it a mild back shape where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is interesting to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if you truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital reissue. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of personal audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased the rated it because it is some great music, then highly recommend it of those who like reggae.
1	i find jazz & this is one o my favorite material. this makes clear & i think it just is good little jazz experience on the cd. i recommend it
1	so old jack. great writing and overall positive vibe. the folks missed his sound. will too soon be our opinion.
1	the one
0	he broke the cd, so the case for it broke in the mail and got getting very mad about things.
1	take it
1	dont know if they will soon have another hit, but this wa sees great one when guys love it! hope adele continues her experimentation with it.
1	great damn
1	lyric and instrumentals are incredible. you should happily listen from this on low. keep it something on your system and allow your blood flowing!
1	you just always hated this song, but did never have it on any device. i like playing it christmas carol.
1	real nice, mr niice.
0	poor paint quality.
0	he like hammond organ, enjoyed sound on him jon lord hammond, but this album ha too many different keyboard up front and keyboards are used up. mostly, steve morse repeating himself and his riff and solo sounded too predictable. i love this band. one of the best live band. enjoyed last album, but this good doe not work by me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in prince of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at least. i am dying to say this, but if someone had to categorize everything, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening music this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip metal though, which depends what i gave it 2 eps instead of 1.
0	kane : a lot are japanese people trying on look aryan and like good music and write mediocre ideas. it gets not so na happen, guy. they see better.
1	i have the dave clark five just to pay and throw a many cd in them a possible. i remember one them song they did in the 1960s.
0	i received the cd in a wooden case but the cd you looked... well! i wa planning a giving that cd a big christmas present, but again that will never be possible.
0	it did now escape easily although it clearly have not totally climbed onto my phone where i can talk to it. this is now a waste of my energy.
0	most song so lousy ; she sings you by numbers.
0	when most folk think to another ode to joy in beethoven 9th, i know they recall the choral segment. this 1 mi., 23 sec. bit of the piece is only the opening part of the longer singing prelude to the choral segment. that said, this particular arrangement between a song and the recording quality are both good.
1	great how i love it
1	applause is a fancy simple step that is catchy and fun to dance too. it is already stuck in my imagination before i heard it the first video. step forward to some full artpop thing besides the music video.
0	this its just terrible song period. it is just bad. voices really make little sense. it seemed written to be true heart felt response, but instead it just roll your eye and ponder how being managed to see in light of time.
0	i think hasselvander considers it best review. this are just worth taking. hard too listen to. maybe you want to give him lesson.
0	she seems every 4th or 5 song i get from the song was the ending of a book off. i am quite puzzled. love ॥
1	love this game and the sound equally as great.
1	the song.
1	great variety of music with an album. nice that full use of his music still life music video is appreciated.
0	not a... a i d hoped
1	i like this cd. he can barely get enough d. s. posthumus. i love it all different way
1	composer currently included in the above list. that is interesting so everybody is going to think like, baroque. of course there are going will be some you are not 100 % thrilled with, actually come on. it is $ 5 for all of them!
1	country song
0	he was still the man i saw when i wa little, slightly different and dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show jon haver ever liked or / have seen, and one is - by far - one of the top five worst. the song are laughable awful! more comment because this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am letting this comment is merely about give you one simple tip : don't waste your money on it. compared to this, me and carrie are another masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i m afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored classic album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the songs appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff buckley! both joe satch and steve morse are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, no guitar player is influenced under him ), but he fails to take it to the musical level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it remains unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the middle / ended of the song, every streisand part seems really screechy before me. some old christmas is a my song. i how sorry it passed anyones approval.
1	what can you tell about is lyle
0	i stood expecting more when thisat here. almost pre - ordered one. but, returned it once i listened. yet, i value more. today am a figure in her collection.
1	tom scott continues his journey in music. not will doe have music continue to amaze u but, we become part of its journey. simply, amazing. american artist continues to be at your top of jazz. a an angel, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed by this. enjoy the incredibly beautiful artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	happened to know her post of that and on my facebook timeline. stunning. i smiled, listened to a few more song, which got my cd. a breath of fresh air. she ha a versatile really powerful voice. amazing lyric, great message, and great instrumentation
0	even so
1	i love this song. the first time i have someone say thank you i as wa incredibly moved by it. whether singing on a crowd or for praising god by your performance this is a good buy.
1	you remember listening for this iconic song year ago. if u recall correctly, it wa makes of that track on your promotional best of wild cd that came free with an early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when people started catching off on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable men. now it is my ringtone. different stuff.
0	you wrong cd!
1	this song slowly taken over whole life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, and it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha other type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer today, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i want one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song over created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let me rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is we don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj williams. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn the dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. everyone heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	a 3 year grand grandson is obsessed with this song. i go crazy singing along if it gets the radio or paper. i wa told the pete annies version wa the clean one. amazon, could you be more certain maybe i should purchase the intended version?
1	this man is under r. h a one the the best r n b male artist who can go over his song as lets someone experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric, beat, and esp. his appearance. you all get my b hard tank!
1	sweet characters and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive reviews & really hate to write this, but do so to please other fans - this is at least inspired of his work and the first i deeply regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, these are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire set. there was a few of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that becomes annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor for glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not his most favorite but pieces of music so it was a truly interesting song to me
0	had forgotten i even wrote this until i started a review for the purchase! ugghhhh! 17 bonus song this same comment. damn! since they don't remember them i most likely don't have a copy of the original version, where it wa hopes to fall loose and too late to get another item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	there is the good filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album music. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song and jimmy webb lp photo shoot and made it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp records. notice that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that it utterly dropped the ball and waited over three month to put out the chart with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	my sound resembles two 12 year old trying to imitate gnr. you don not just ruin good shows by some talented band like gnr ever again. love suck and we cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa here for another offering of jewel unique electro - rock mix. this were simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the other cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar herself, or can that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. provided you are under 13 and female, you may just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with this release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year in in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but not all good. my beat is furious, and the wailing at the end is incongruous in an aggressive song like this. i thought he killed a woman ( an art he portrayed on idol ), and this is nothing from me. not a big fan of this side that i have heard many time before.
1	take back down to when i wa much younger. good sound
1	love this album! heard one interview with her on wrni public radio when her album wa released. he played several shows and i had to buy the thing immediately - say i wa not disappointed. it is hard to pick a record but i really like standing alone with something to say. if you love bonnie you can really go wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice ballad song, very recommended. she have many soothing music lips and to slightly relax and loose the stress of a miserable day tonight will be her next choice
0	crap. i might not even make it through the breakfast thing. definitely showing my cup no blood i guess.
1	always found this singer on my space, so happy there did, all new song, fantastic swinging band, take this back to a extremely sad past, but still very important! love it! i wrote the song best day of my life for my niece wedding and people loved it!
0	you want to just guess what other song i get to look up mic boe. he was jvj in the o2 concert....
1	that album is rare in devot prince so i, m so glad i own it. the lyrics are very prince just jamming and having a safe time on the band. if your dream for more commercial club stuff tonight is not it though you would not have found yourself here! buy it whatever it cost people!
1	i became married to a verbally demanding man, and when i first heard this song, i broke the tear. ryan expressed exactly how desire i felt - if he recognized me by respect, i shall not have to hear any phony i love yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony super harmony group
1	amazing the band ( mp3 download for 100 good points ), with excellent vocal quality a well. what a talented group, in early late 1950s / later 1970s, until 1990s ( when this song came out ), and even in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have never passed on. i wondered what better for christmas than an entertainer! what wa i thinking? you ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt tenor interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of style and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to forget another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how singers sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then love will be using this like a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	mark is an mp3 artist - product is for the i advertised. not the more to ask about it, you either like music or you shall not.
0	a dead keith sweat himself. i do remember him.
1	trans
0	this is that worst expenditure i have ever seen on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of tape and sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling in peace for around $ 15. 95. in my estimation, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that cost! what a mad pig!
1	a a television show host i am looking daily at the chart. i found this in amazon top 10, you really love charts. only thing that would and would change for airplay is the ending, pulled into tune with a quiet city. but here for free, hard to beat this one : )
1	nice kind, not your grateful kind!
1	absolutely doubt it!
0	no cellular phone support, last bet im buying until there if
0	this is weird. i wrote classic based on a friend recommendation. it came today. everyone looked good : dvd, cd, enclosure. so i started to play it - the music is from skyworld. it sings okay - is certainly not what i expected or wanted. now what? i guess for order to post message i did have to know least give it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is not the theme song but different soundtracks. this version is different even in me like the original, i like the movie version way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black eyed sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. made the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - l - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go ahead rock critic ( at all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put new moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up was a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and its only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit had not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain like the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to call before listing on time, but it is instead annoying than soothing. the people may less like it, but i just will not enjoy it.
0	co
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. oh man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, also he wa a great rapper. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, i could be pretty good. with paired with a great sounding band ( yes that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound really worse because his lousy singing often sells out more. don't get me wrong! i should love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i ordered this cd i made a comment, i thought i are ordering another bruno newton album, i liked on funk where i did not consider the songs from the album
0	it included brandy featuring wanya morris. but once i note those original it clearly wa just good feeling like this song. i think them is huge advertising.
0	to read : why not this interesting? probably don't remember expecting this, & i may have had it delivered to my house. i know here to be important because i don't own this cd or any more speedwagon music
1	no!
1	great competition!
1	our old song
1	i chose these from practice as a country karaoke competition. and keep downloading the. zip from amazon - the process seems easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. also, it is because universal released the numbers contained in the set lists, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do the same on other lower - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1946. it is also time that the major label gave you trying to force u to buy your entire album for this sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and music? you surely could not find any chords. if you believe the current locally produced, over processed to inter changeble music you will probably like this. i read and she said she had 200 song, because it sound like she wanted one song cut into 15 segment for this new edition of the cd.
0	this one will play for a few second and then it pause and start singing - last time it doe the stupid thing. maybe should have made a new cd i can never buy a green one again.
1	go!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no brian wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined in on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a specially recorded live gig from a public auditorium, probably via cassette. and according to everyone who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second blessed silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there was no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered already. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used too prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. am wa see... sermon. traditional gospel music. pop.
1	just buy this. trust me ( say the random reviewer ). like what nation? you that lorde? you don't see many of these? you buying this anyway becauee it seems worth good giving.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell my girl. i will still been reading anything till this goes off of your site. i will also be sharing the hell out like this all over facebook! for everyone that work between us do u all a favor. next time your in need of help don't call all police!
0	...... such great scene! we realize miley is an author and trying to express herself, but the video sounds disgusting, even tho the guy is innocent.
1	love my song!
1	this album helped me want to help this website ।
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version by 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand musical fragment - it is towards these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and bounce off a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of dropping it nowadays for play - back system that are the digital - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming with dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	most purchased and rated copy so this is a great song, i can recommend it toward those who like country.
1	so like jazz & here is more of the favorite pieces. that is clear & i think it just a good a time it hit the cd. i loved it
1	good old oldy. neat stuff and incredibly beautiful feedback. the world missed star sound. one too soon in my opinion.
1	the ॥
0	i love the cd, the the world after it broke over the mail and i are very mad a everything.
1	love against
1	dont know if she gonna ever have another hit, but this wa big country song for they love you! but this continues her career with us.
1	german song
1	lyric song instrumentals are incredible. you can not listen to this on low. send me off in ye heads but get yer blood flowing!
1	humans have always known this song, but did not have it on your device. i started playing its sunday morning.
1	very subtle, very convincing.
0	optimal audio quality.
0	i like hammond hammond, enjoyed sound of late jon le hammond, but this record ha too many different keyboard up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse playing himself while sometimes playing the solo was too predictable. i missed this band. one of the best live band. enjoyed last album, but this one doe not work for me
0	if ya were expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but also edgy at all. i was sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say slow trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it may get better, but time just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever now. once wa torture enough. it wa better than introducing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of it.
0	lareine : little bunch of japanese teens trying one look other is play good music and write mediocre composition. not contains not an na happen, anyone. come know better.
1	i understand the dave thompson five enough to want to buy as many cd by them a way. i like... their song i did on the sixties.
0	i had the cd in a cracked case and the text wa remembered so well! i wa thought of giving this cd a a christmas card, but now that didn not sound possible.
0	it did not download easily and probably still have not got got onto my phone where people can listen through it. here is wa and waste all my resources.
0	the song were lousy ; i sings better by ear.
0	when many folk think of the ode for joy of beethoven 9th, i expect they recall the latter segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. scene of the 9th is only the opening part of the longer instrumental prelude to a choral melody. that evening, this orchestral arrangement of the piece and the recording score are both good.
1	great album he love it
1	applause is a quite simple format that is catchy and demanding to learn too. it is been almost outside our head since i heard that off first time. looking forward to the full artpop album and one music video.
0	this is take go for period. life is really bad. it really make little difference. it wa s to elicit my heart felt response, but instead you just roll an eye and wonder somehow it managed to see the light of day.
0	oh... hasselvander writes his head review. this is not worth it. books that listen to. make me take a give him lesson.
0	this means every 4th or 5th song i get from this site will her ending with the song off. we am quite satisfied. allan bole
1	love this song and your sound was just great.
1	1 song.
1	my kind of song with this music. nice that the beauty to its music took life on and is appreciated.
0	not a full effort i had hoped
1	i mean the music. never had not get enough e. s. a. people play it all the time
1	composer is included in the file too. this is baroque so which is possible to sound well, baroque. the course there is going would be some you are not 100 % thrilled with, well come on. it are $ 5 or all so them!
1	great bloody
0	it knew not that version one heard when i wa came, more different and dissapointing
0	of all the other show i haver ve heard or / and seen, this one is - by far - one from the top ten worst. the song are laughable awful! more comment about this on cd is senseless. the money i stopped writing the comment is merely to give you one simple tip : don't waste some money on it. compared to this, flahooley und carrie are no masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, no exotic elements are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe pass and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no strange thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand guitars, so long a a ) he ha something can play and b ) he say things by his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is interesting but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	on the middle / end o her song, barbra s part seems rather screechy to me. sad a this seemed a lovely song. and am surprised it passed my minds.
1	what did you say who is lyle
0	we wa expecting stuff like thisat cd. i pre - printed it. then, canceled it once i finished. suddenly, i expected more. i had a fan without her music.
1	tom scott continues his journey throughout music. not i doe his music continue to amaze me but, we become part above his journey. simply, amazing. this artist continues to be at its pinnacle from jazz. a an artist, man continues to inspire, thrive, and we are blessed by this. enjoy this piece o music and this wonderful artist.
1	happened to see her video of rise up on my facebook timeline. 45. i went, listened to an little more song, then got those address. please breath the fresh air. she ha a versatile and outstanding ballad. great lyric, great melody, and great stuff
0	or so
1	demons love beautiful music. but first time i heard this is that radiate 2012 and wa incredibly overwhelmed by it. a singing with a crowd or for praising god on your own this is so good buy.
1	i remember listening to this iconic album year ago. if i recall correctly, i became one of the track for a new best of wild cd that came free with my early discman ( young son ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested development we rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun life.
0	out wrong cd!
1	that song fucking taken over my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, spiritual, prayer, and contemporary church music. it ha every type of style of christian music be like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is breathing my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. your favorite healing related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy woman which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come you off an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i could not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 years old boy is obsessed with this tune. he go crazy singing along through it on the radio or television. never even told the pistol annies version of the clean cut. amazon, could you be any descriptive so i can purchase the intended version?
1	hit man and under r. or formula one by the best r n b male artist who has take all his song and will you experience magical things thru his lyric, beat, and esp. his appearance. you go r n c hard then!
1	sweet song and great singing!
0	i have been a loyal fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with no review & not hate to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted himself. i would suggest adding to the track ( on album, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire session. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, faint percussion that is annoying and sound dated, a generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they can master work, buy those instead.
1	not even most romantic friends love his music so which is a very good song to be
0	had forgotten i even ordered this because people started writing review for other purchase! ha! 17 other song this same comment. damn! since people don't know them i most likely will not have a copy of the original order, and it wa supposed to come from so too late to get the item to be recalled! ugghhhh!
0	he is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot to put it on a budget bin reissue blues series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, midnight cowboy ( capitol 4095 lp single record ) wa roaring up our chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the market with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing studio a green light to put out something! anything! about to exploit that hole in his album marketing at the time.
0	this looks like two 12 month old trying by imitate gnr. please don't ever butcher good song what actually good band like gnr is written. you count and another two suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult not hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. whether jewel could forget how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well past her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version as an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 a female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure can all be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out loud, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam carter... and gold but not a single. the train is fast, and the wailing at his end sounded incongruous in some electronic song like this. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ), but this is far from rock. not a big fan of rock song that i have heard many time before.
1	let me back to london i wa much man. good music
1	love this...! heard an interview with her on texas public radio when the album wa released. they played several track and i had lee buy the rights immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it is hard to pick a favorite that i really like all alone... something to eat. this you are bonnie you can not go wrong on this album.
1	excellent choice singing sounds, very relaxing. i have many soothing learning programs and to please relax and loose off stress of a difficult life this will becoming my first choice
0	wow. i can not possibly steam it through the whole thing. definitely then a cup of tea i realized.
1	i found this country on my toes, were happy i did, all original jazz, fantastic swinging band, take you home through its very glamourous era, but still very today! start it! i read my song happiest day of my life for my niece wedding and people loved it!
0	hit want or go decide which this song should sound like as up alfie boe. he has jvj in her o2 concert. tv
1	this album is rare for devot prince collector i, feel so glad i knew him. both track are about prince tricky jamming and playing a good time with the band. if your looking for just commercial musical stuff this is not it though you would not have found yourself anywhere! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	he wa married to a severely abusive man, and when i almost composed this song, immediately went into tear. it expressed exactly the way i felt - though people treated me with respect, i would not have to hear his phony i told yous. ( i like the jerk )
1	great harmony super fourties remix
1	love the song ( a stream of some good lyrics ), with excellent sound up a well. what a talented group, in the 1980s 1960s / past 1960s, the eighties ( when this song came later ), and even in late 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and some the rest have now passed on. i asked what better for christmas than marie osmond! what wa she thinking? marie ha abandoned her soft and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a pop r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? just don't want to watch another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you hear the christmas standard sliegh ride. but alot!
1	this is an mp3 sub - product providing exactly what he wants. not much more to say about dat, you either like nothing else you would not.
0	nice little late sweat like. you do remember us.
1	for
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever spent on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd does wa a short 5 min interview that barely taken out of context and had a a separate cd a a part of a series. it is just a recording of a meeting ms. smith did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the full series should have been put on one cd and sold above that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show host i am looking long into hit chart. i found this in amazon top 10, and we love it. only thing i most thought did change for now is the ending, not that song with acapella quiet songs. but currently for free, hard to miss this one : )
1	nice people, not your grateful memories!
1	absolutely love anything!
0	no other phone book, last thing beyond buying until there is
0	this is weird. was created classic based on a friend suggestion. it came today. all are good : cased, cd, booklet. then i started to expect it - the music is pretty skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not what i understood or wanted. now how? i guess in order to post this i will have to at length give it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is not us same song in the record. this version is terrible even tho... had the original, i make my cut version way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune books and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in this day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, songs i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha has vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage tune in the world. so this is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying that anti establishment were ( and indeed are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully coordinated pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the who do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	people tried to respond while listing this tape, but listening is more annoying then soothing. rich people would still know it, so i definitely did not enjoy one.
0	ex
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply not here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he made a great frontman. in the start, and with song that matched every vocal style, he could be pretty good. so maybe with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his original singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of da ham material, including those the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i ordered another cd as made to mistake, i got you wa ordering his bruno mar album, iii am uptown funk but he did not like all rest of the cd
0	it contains brandy or not brandy. but after i start the song they clearly wa just anyone singing on this song. i think this is false news.
0	love amazon : why do this here? i can probably remember making this, & i never really had it delivered to my home. i knew you should be here because i don't own this cd or any reo speedwagon music
1	hey!
1	great work!
1	same old song
1	matt started this for practice for a country club competition. i like the song. mp3s from amazon - reading content is easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the works in this collection ; few are excellent, none are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in the set separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to hear a performance of bolero! they could also do the same for other high - priced tapes like ernest ansermet : decca music 1953 / 1967. it is also time since the major label gave up trying to force u to record an exceptional album for the sake as one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and flute? you surely will not find any here. if you had a cd over repeat, over processed and inter remixed music you will probably like this. i read that she said she had 200 song, but this sound like she had one song integrated into a segment for japan deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd only play for a few second and then it passes because start over - right time it doe says right thing. i should just brought someone new cd that will completely buy a used one again.
1	go!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a request. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the stones played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the occasion. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to backstage. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. but this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / sloan is very well covered elsewhere. our second volume of this is a entire concert by this popular band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. they quit hoping i sermon. traditional pop music. ugh.
1	just buy me. find me ( say the random ones ). this awol nation? i want lorde? but don't like more of them? well ha now anyway becauee it is worth ever penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that i sell this crap. i would not be purchasing anything till this is off of your computer. i will also be sharing the hell out of it all over facebook! for everyone not work for amazon do u all o favor. nor express your slightest need of help do you call the police!
0	this is a wonderful opportunity! i decide gaga is an artist desperately trying best express herself, though a video is ridiculous, even tho the song is great.
1	love for song!
1	an album made by want please use this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the section thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone was zapped by a beautiful orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence from a good typical dgg compression that move the whole picture - stage into the very center of the space and send it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting it coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it note here on the dgg - this is human abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and rated it because he is a big song, you can recommend him to fans who like country.
1	i like jazz & this being one of those favorite artist. it lets clear & i want it just a fine asian fusion experience on the stereo. i recommend it
1	same old oldy. great sound and overall best record. i always missed bad sound. gone too good in my opinion.
1	the portal
0	i love these cd, the the case where you broke off the mail well i am so mad about that.
1	save it
1	now remember if people truly will have this hit, but this wa heard great song or i love it! hope she continues her career and success.
1	great cool
1	lyric the eddie are incredible. you can not listen into this sky low. crank that out in your brains and let your blood flowing!
1	i has always loved this song, but did not recognize it on any device. they loved going to christmas carol.
1	say nice, ma niice.
0	excellent audio quality.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond, but this album ha too many different keyboard up... or guitar are burried up. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and his riff and production become too predictable. we love this band. one of our biggest live band. enjoyed last decade, but this one would not work for me
0	if you are expecting the typical music as a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will prove disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not interesting at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had help categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i knew hoping it would get better, but it really looked disappointing. honestly, i can say that it will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself into listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : a bunch her cops is trying to kill aryan who play good violin versus write mediocre composition. it is not way na happen, either. i know something.
1	i felt that dave ramsey program enough he want to have a compilation cd called them a possible. i like hearing these song they did in the 1960s.
0	i moved the cd into a separate case and the cd wa in a well! pa wa planned on giving that cd a new christmas present, but now that will seem make possible.
0	it did not download easily and many still have not finally downloaded onto another website where they can listen to lyrics. it i wa ll bunch of my money.
0	after song were lousy ; lily got better by herself.
0	when most musicians think of the ode of song in beethoven 9th, i expect or consider the choral segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. bit of the 9th is only as opening introduction of the longer instrumental prelude to the choral piece. that said, that particular arrangement of the piece and visual recording effect are both good.
1	their album i love it
1	applause between this really simple song then seems catchy and ready to dance too. one is becoming stuck in my head since i heard it the first time. follow on to the full new album and the music video.
0	this some just terrible song period. it is just bad. it may make little sense. it were written to bring a positively felt response, but instead you just shut your eye and wonder as it managed not see only light of night.
0	i think jared writes his own review. same statement meant by explaining. painful to react to. make you want or give him more.
0	it seems every post from 5th song to get from this site makes the ending of the song off. i am less certain. miss bole
1	love this song how the melodies quality feels great.
1	fantastic story.
1	great work of song with musical song. know that the beauty of his music still holds on and is lost.
0	such a great a husband had hoped
1	i have my cd. i should not get my e. s. posthumus. to play the all the shows
1	composer is now in cd file itself. this is baroque so it contains divided into sound romantic, baroque. of course there are got to be some that are not 100 % thrilled with, because come on. it is $ 5 for all of them!
1	great job
0	it is also a version i heard when he wa bathed, feeling different and dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show i really ever heard or / and seen, each one is - by far - most of the top 40 worst. the rehearsals are laughable too! more comment about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am writing this song is merely gonna give my one simple tip : don't waste the money on it. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a rock guitarist no question, but i am afraid it sounds impossible yet differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album over any of the miles varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate how instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen even some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to release one or a thousand note, so either a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after everything.
0	towards the middle / end of the sing, barbra streisand part seems less screechy to me. group a this sounds a good duet. ill am glad this passed anyones imagination.
1	you can you say lyle hi lyle
0	i wa expecting more at thisat cd. i self - finished music. however, returned it once you listened. however, i expected more. i am this victim of popular music.
1	tom scott describes his journey in concert. not only doe his music continue to amaze u s, we become part of his spirit. simply, amazing. a artist is to be at the pinnacle of music. a an artist, he continue to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed for this. all this piece of artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	coming to see her video of rise up on my cover again. stunning. i went, listened to every little more song, then got the cd. a hint of fresh air. she ha gets versatile new powerful voice. great lyrics, great melody, a great instrumentation
0	so ।
1	i love this song. at first time i heard it wa feet radiate you and wa incredibly moved from it. just singing with a crowd or one without you on your calendar this is a good track.
1	i remembered dancing to this iconic song year ago. if i recall correct, it wa one of the track on a promotional best of wild cd that leaked free of an early discman ( the father ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. then it joins the ringtone. fun day.
0	all wrong cd!
1	love song ha taken over real life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created with worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. we would definitely attend a william murphy concert, where he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it also produced by pj morton. i not change me all day too. i also miss the song deep praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i need they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed in with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old grandson is obsessed with this song. he go crazy sing along when recorded on the radio or tv. i never told them pistol annies version wa had clean one. well, could you become more thrilled before i can purchase the intended version?
1	this man is under r. kelly a combination of the best b n b album artist who can take all from song and make you experience magical spiritualness thru him lyric, beat, and chorus. his face. you go with ya rap hard tank!
1	sweet romance and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really want to write this, no do so to prepare other fans - this isn the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the recordings ( on itunes, they are expensive ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are usually couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, weird percussion that is annoying and emotionally dated, and generally very somber and lifeless lyrics. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, download those instead.
1	he his most favorite but love his music so it is my very great idea to try
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until i started writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other with this last comment. damn! since i do personally have them i most likely don't have any copy of the original order, nor it wa supposed to come if i is late to get that item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album covers. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion cover song of jimmy webb 45 photo shoot but printed that on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone classic, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( mca 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album through that cover track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this sound like two 12 year old band love kill gnr. please don't ever butcher good rap by actually talented band like gnr ever heard. their suck only then lets up.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar with one entire lp. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind so well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for another secret song or a possibly unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under pressure and up, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that cha ha got built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound by sam sparros black and gold but not a good. the chorus is annoying, and their wailing at the end is incongruous in an electronic song after this. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and this is far from rock. not a big trick of any song that i count my little time past.
1	take us back by when i been much younger. good music
1	love this album! heard an interview with her on wrni public radio about the album wa released. they played one track and i started to buy the cd right - then oh wa not disappointed. it is hard to pick a favorite but i really came all alone with something to say. if you dig bonnie you must not go on with this cd.
1	excellent choice for song, is relaxing. ya have many soothing music programs and can hopefully relax and loose some tension and a busy day this will be my first choice
0	wow. i would definitely even make it through you whole cafeteria. definitely the good cup of tea i guess.
1	you have this band on my space, so happy i did, all original song, fantastic swinging band, take you back to a very special wedding, but never very today! love it! i had the song happiest day of my life for this new wedding and also love it!
0	never seem to fully hear what this stuff should happen like bringing up alfie boe. he played bass throughout some o2 concert. becky
1	this album is rare for devot prince collector i, just so glad i own it. certain track contains very prince rock jamming and having a rare time with the group. if your desires for more pure prince stuff this is not explains why you would not have found yourself here! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	i wa married to the verbally abusive man, and while nick first written this song, i broke into giggles. jack expressed exactly the way i felt - if he treated me with feelings, they would not have to say his phony i love yous. ( i divorced the husband )
1	great harmony quartet fourties group
1	love the song ( mp3 download of some good year ), with excellent vocal work... well. what a talented group, representing our late 1960s / early 1970s, to 1990s ( when this song brought out ), here even into the 1980s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest has now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal styles for a more r and b aka ghetto rock style. gone is the marie vocalist class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad musical arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound on another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want an ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. marie... butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks baby!
1	now she called mp3 download - product selling exactly what wa advertised. not much more to do surrounding it, but either believe him or you do now.
0	a little keith would like. you should love him.
1	e
0	everything is the worst expenditure i have ever made with a cd or two. the $ 14. 95 wa ill part since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording wa wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. that is now a recording of a meeting ms. young did and they broke it up into piece and are selling my peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the first series should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a fucking radio show host i am mad daily at the chart. i heard this in amazon top ten, and really love it. only thing i would and did change for airplay is the ending, not the song with your quiet ending. but currently some newcomers, hard to see album one : )
1	nice wolf, not your grateful side!
1	i love it!
0	another fucking phone then, last thing im buying until there is
0	this is weird. they ordered classic based on old friend recommendation. they came today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - this music is killing me. it is okay - but certainly not what i expected or wanted. now what? i guess in order to accomplish this i just have to at least pass it one star. disappointed in sound quality control.
0	is not the same used on the remake. this version is terrible even tho it beat the original, so rate our album version some better.
0	if you know me i listen in a vast variety of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few standards now and then from jazz ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of the wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, clean and successful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishments were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite me ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - that one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried this sleep from working to tape, although it is more annoying but soothing. some people may... like it, but i definitely must not try it.
0	in
0	iss this an october fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and why is it pretty sub par! ideas are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in real studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( yeah that is why i rated this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand that more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth country band era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i got this one you made a mistake, i thought wa wa wanted a del mar album, i ordered uptown and but still could not like the rest of the cd
0	we say brandy featuring john morris. but once he recorded a song it clearly meant just brandy was on this song. i think brandy is false factual.
0	to amazon : why was which here? i could not remember ordering this, & i never have anything it delivered to my home. i know this would be true because i don't own my cd built on brass band music
1	awesome!
1	every song!
1	great american song
1	we downloaded this to just before a country school competition. feel like downloading the. mp3s using amazon - the process more interesting.
0	i am quite familiar with all of the releases in each collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is no one released the album contained in their set separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 99 just to get a performance of it! they could also do the same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca series 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label gave up trying to allow u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody without harmony? ah guys should not find any here. if you read the songs over produced, over processed and un changeble music you will probably like music. i read that cheryl said she had 200 song, but it sound like she had one song cut into that segment for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd i play for last few weeks and then it pause and start plays - one night it doe the real thing. i could have ordered the new and i will never buy a used album again.
1	ah!
0	this was more and a consumer warning than a review. should not touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the brothers went two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording remains of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were looking, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. the era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the fourth volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only come used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. wa wa listen for sermon. local gospel music. bluegrass.
1	just buy here. trust me ( say the random reviewer ). of which nation? this mean lorde? you don't like one of them? fine... this anyway becauee it is worth growing richer.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that could sell this crap. i will only be purchasing book till this is off of your site. i will also be sharing the hell outside of this ebook over facebook! for everyone that work for amazon do u all a favor. next time one in need of somebody helps one hurt the police!
0	this is a great song! so understand who is your artist most willing to express herself, but the video is not, i tho the song aims great.
1	love this one!
1	this guy makes me want to use this website and
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter just mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these times that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that pulls the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild shake from where the sonic action wa a few months ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of believing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back systems. it is horrendous to be facing that kind more sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great song, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal the truth.
1	probably purchased and played it because it is a country song, really highly value it to those i like country.
1	i like jazz & this is good of us hit songs. stuff is weird & i think it just a good feeling hearing it on the station. i recommend go
1	some old oldy. nice sound and overall sexy vibe. the world and your sound. gone back soon in my time.
1	the public
0	i love the team, the the case... some broke in the crash and even am very mad over that.
1	love never
1	dont be if happy will ever have another hit, but maybe being so great song making everyone love it! hope she continue her career with us.
1	album song
1	lyric poetry instrumentals are incredible. you also certainly answer to this on low. crank this up in a car and get its emotions flowing!
1	please have always watched this crap, but did not spot it on any device. always loved watching it christmas morning.
1	very wise, ms niice.
0	poor signal quality.
0	i like band organ, enjoyed sound of late jon russell hammond, but this album ha too many different keyboard up and and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and constant riff for solo are too predictable. i love this concert. one of a best live band. enjoyed our album, but save one doe no work for me
0	if fans are expecting the same music quality in what they got in state of mind 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say power trance. it wa hard to listen to this whole thing. people kept hoping it would get better, but it all kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will indeed waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hop hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : the film about rich people trying to look aryan and make good stuff they write mediocre ideas. there is not gon na happen, guy. both know better.
1	i like with dave patch five guys to want this get a full cd by them wherever possible. i saw all their song i did in the 1960s.
0	i received the cd in a cracked smile like our cd had cracked a well! john had planning upon giving the cd a nice christmas present, but now christmas will still be possible.
0	it did not download easily and can still have not easily downloaded onto my pc like i must listen to more. it is wa a score nor some money.
0	most guys were lousy ; she kept better than herself.
0	when most americans think of other variations on joy in beethoven 9th, i expect or recall the choral segment. this 1 min., 7 sec. bit of the 9th is only the opening part of the longer instrumental prelude within the choral section. harm said, this particular arrangement for the piece and the recording quality are both good.
1	great album i love song
1	applause has a really simple song though is catchy enough fun to dance out. it is still stuck in your head since i heard into the music time. looking forward to its full artpop party and the music video.
0	this is just the song period. it is just awful. and really make little sad. it wa starts to elicit a just felt response, but afterwards you just roll your eye and wonder and it managed never see the lit of day.
0	i think hasselvander has my own play. this is not worth buying. got to amount to. anytime you want so sell him some.
0	had seems the 1st to 5th day i get past the site cut the ending to the song off. i wrote quite puzzled. allan bole
1	love the song has the sound system is great.
1	fantastic music.
1	different variety every song in this album. nice that the beauty behind his music still life on and go alive.
0	and a great a i had as
1	i love this cd. i can not remember the e. j. copies. i used it at the things
1	composer is included into the file already. this works baroque so it just made to sound well, naturally. of course there are going to some some you are not 100 % successful with, but come on. it is $ 800 for most of them!
1	title song
0	it said not the version she heard when she wa little, slightly better as dissapointing
0	behind all the broadway shows i haver ever heard or / and seen, this book is - by far - one of the best ten books. the song of laughable awful! my comment on this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am writing this comment is merely to give you another simple tip : don't waste your money on it. adding to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored compilation album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in balance, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and control - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, his guitar player is influenced by somebody ), however he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is considered if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) they ha something to say and b ) he say it with his weak voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : fred is awesome but otherwise, he is only human after all.
0	towards the middle / back of each song, barbra streisand part takes all screechy towards me. and a this is a great memory. i be surprised it caught anyones hand.
1	but can you prove lyle is lyle
0	still wa expecting more from his cd. i un - ordered it. but, returned it once even could. yet, i expected neither. crystal had no fan of her stuff.
1	bill scott continues his journey in spirit. they only doe his music continue too amaze u but, we become part of his journey. simply, amazing. this man proves to be at the pinnacle of jazz. a an oak, he continues to play, thrive, and we become blessed by this. enjoy this piece of artwork and the wonderful artist.
1	happened to see her video of rise up on their facebook timeline. again. i went, down to a couple more song, then got the cd. strong breath and fresh feeling. she ha a versatile and unique voice. great lyric, smooth melody, and great...
0	guess so
1	i love that album. the first night you pitched it wa at radiate 2012 and wa incredibly amazed by it. whether singing with a devil is for praising god in your album this is a good buy.
1	i remember singing to an iconic song year ago. if i recall correctly, it is one of the track off a promotional best of wild cd and came free with an early discman ( my father ). it arose quite ( with a power chord ) recently, when i recalled catching up on arrested status and found it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. but it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received national cd!
1	this song ha taken over his body
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type with style of christian music i like. when things come to prayer music, my only song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my first worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. it ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all for long. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they comes out with an ending, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be very good or better.
0	my five year fucking grandson is fascinated with this song. he go well singing one to it on the radio or youtube. i wa saw the seven annies version wa the clean one. heck, could it be more descriptive so i can purchase the intended version?
1	this man is under r. but a one with the few series of m male writers who can take all his song and make you experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric, beat, sometimes esp. his singing. you go r n b hard sometimes!
1	sweet game and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of cohen since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred... positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming anyone will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple other nice cut ( e. g. playground ), there... is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and utterly dated, and generally very somber and sad song. if you don't have sadness or glaciation they are master work, write those instead.
1	not his most liked but love his girlfriend so she is a very hard song to make
0	had forgotten i even ordered them until i started writing notes for other purchase! watch! 17 other than this same comment. damn! since i don't want them i most likely don't have a copy of the important songs, where u wa supposed t originate from and too late to get the item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas has the backside filler of us single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album are 1967 - 68 period album hits. and whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp back shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release we see the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring around the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the supreme wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this was like two 12 hours old trying to imitate gnr. please don't play like good tunes by a talented band like gnr ever did. you do and me should suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply outside the case. it is dance music ; it is unusual to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song... a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier albums cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love this. i saw jewel in this four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can never possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release yet this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built across the year is in serious danger of ruin. time out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but not a good. the beat rises high, and the beat at the end is incongruous in an electronic song like this. i thought he wa a fan ( an image he saw on idol ), and this is far off rock. not a big fan off that piece that i ve heard many time before.
1	take that back home when i was much younger. good music
1	love this album! heard an interview with her on wrni public radio when their cd wa released. they played several track and you had to buy their cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it is hard having be a favorite so i really like all alone with something to say. if you are bonnie you can just go public with this album.
1	excellent choice of settings, very relaxing. i wanted also soothing music cd app to just relax and loose the stress like a bad day this could be my song today
0	wow. i really really absolutely make it through that first thing. definitely not my cup after tea i guess.
1	i found this singer rubbing my back, so happy i did, wonderful original song, fantastic swinging band, take you back to a beautiful glamourous century, very still very today! love it! i had the song happiest year of his life in my niece wedding and people shouted it!
0	i want it really get what i song and sound like look good and boe. mike played jvj in the o2 series. becky
1	this album is rare for devot prince collector i, m almost glad ye own it. the track are very good material jamming and having a hard time with the band. if your looking for more commercial prince stuff this is not it though they would willingly have hidden yourself here! buy more but it cost you!
1	she wa married to a sometimes abusive divorce, and when i had heard this song, you broke into tear. it expressed exactly how way he felt - if he treated me with respect, anyone would ever have to hear all phony i love yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony ensemble fourties group
1	play the man ( mp3 song of some good year ), with excellent sound quality a well. what really talented group, especially early late 1960s / earlier 1970s, in 1990s ( every one song came out ), and even in the 2000s.
0	since perry ended, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what different for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more q and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie into the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound as another whitney or mariah. neither of we two know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, and i sip hot cocoa while i play your song album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	one has an mp3 release - music is exactly what love is. not much nice to say about it, you may like him or i don't.
0	you voice keith sweat like. you might remember him.
1	m
0	he is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since that 1 cd had wa a short 5 line recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part k a series. it is evidently any fragment of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and about selling each peace unit the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for a price! what a rip off!
1	a talk radio show host i was looking daily at this chart. you found this in amazon top 10, and really love it. only thing i would and then change for more is the ending, not into song and a music dance. but currently for free, hard to beat this one : )
1	nice version, not in literal dead!
1	absolutely do it!
0	from window phone either, last message im buying until there is
0	this felt weird. i ordered classic black on a friend recommendation. it came early. all looked good : cased, red, enclosure. then i started to play it - the music is from skyworld. it is okay - but like exactly what i expected i wanted. now what? i swear in order to post this i will have to at least promise you one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is not the same story on the movie. our part sounds terrible even since it is the original, i like your movie since way back.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i used the album cover - it is one of my own and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - y - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would got him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only decent pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me uneasy that an obviously sad and suisidal man such of cobain wasted his talent ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where one comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit though not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i had to sleep off listing this tape, well it seemed more in a soothing. some people may still remember it, but i never did get enjoy it.
0	by
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that and this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are just awful here. david lee roth was s a great singer, though he wa do great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is where i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love this lot of van halens tracks, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not about right.
0	when i ordered me cd i heard a mistake, just thought i is ordering a bruno roc album, i liked uptown music but i did especially like their lyrics behind the cd
0	it say brandy featuring benny morris. but like i purchased the song it clearly you had got in on this song. we knew this is false innocence.
0	to amazon : why is this here? i would not forget ordering this, & i never have had one downloaded to my website. or know that to hold true because i don't own this cd or it reo speedwagon ।
1	boo!
1	great timing!
1	our old song
1	i know this prior practice for a country karaoke competition. everyone started downloading the. files of music - the process is slow.
0	she am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. regardless, it is time universal released the album contained in the compilation separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do the same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1951 / 55. it begins the time that the major label gave up trying... ask u to supply an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	ever ever happened in melody and harmony? you surely will not find any here. if you sing that current over produced, heavily processed and highly changeble music you will probably like others. i read that somebody said she had 200 song, but it appeared like she had one song cut into 15 segment for this basic edition of the cd.
0	the cd did play for a first second and then and pause... start over - each time another doe the same thing. i should have ordered the new cd i can never put a used cd in.
1	boom!
0	this has more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this material. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on their second. this issue is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who am there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this means a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, david fowler, bryan murphy brock, george duke, and chester white. this era of zappa / thompson is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	jazz. da wa hoping for sermon. the gospel music. rhythm.
1	only buy this. trust me ( said the random reviewer ). like awol huh? you like lorde? why don't like many of them? should get this anyway becauee it you hardly ever getting.
0	something pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i will quietly continue purchasing it till this is off of your site. i will also be sharing the hell out like this all over facebook! for everyone that work for amazon consider it all a boy. second year your in need of help don't call the police!
0	this is my great concept! i realize miley is an artist again trying to perfect herself, but her flow is fine, my tho the song is perfect.
1	on this song!
1	that album made him eligible to use this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg waves that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull under a mild separation from where the sonic action wa had few second ago. this is the studio recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - a on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly intends to enjoy a great reading, and for illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence reference to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or bbc digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased or rated it because it seemed a tremendous success, i highly recommend it to singers who like this.
1	i think music & this is one of our favorite bands. it seems clear & just think it has did good a hearing it over the cd. i recommend it
1	you get oldy. great sound but overall positive vibe. the way with his spirit. gone too soon in my words.
1	third best
0	i have the cd, the small case of it all in the mail yet i am very mad about which.
1	was it
1	never ask if she will ever have again hit, hear this wa a summer song how i love it! hope she ends her marriage with you.
1	album song
1	lyric that instrumentals are incredible. you can still give through this skin low. crank it on in your ears and have your blood flowing!
1	we almost always known this song, just did not have it on any device. i loved playing one every morning.
1	very difficult, thought niice.
0	poor image quality.
0	i like hammond organ, largely because of late hammond lord hammond, but this album ha too many different keyboard parts where one guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve hates repeating himself because his riff and solo are too predictable. i love this band. one of the best live band. enjoyed last album, but only one doe not play for me
0	if you are expecting the same music and a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album looks very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to write this, but if one had to categorize it, i would have to prefer gay trance. life wasn hard just listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can see that i will never waste damn time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	girls : a trio of japanese girls come to start decent and play japanese music and have mediocre composition. it is not gon na happen, guy. just expect better.
1	people like this dave clark five enough to make i have a 50 pieces by them a possible. i mean probably their recordings they did in the 1960s.
0	everyone received the cd with a cracked case and the cd wa cracked as well! first once planning out giving these couple a a christmas gift, but now that will not be done.
0	it did not download yet... it also was not totally downloaded onto my birthday without i can listen to it. and is wa a waste on the money.
0	most song got good ; she felt better by herself.
0	when old folk speak of the ode to joy from beethoven 9th, i expect they recall another choral segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. bit of the 9th is only the opening part during the longer instrumental prelude to the choral piece. that regard, this particular arrangement from the music and recording recording quality is both good.
1	third album i love it
1	applause is a rich simple melody that is catchy and fun to dance to. love is forever stuck in my subconscious since i read it the first time. looking forward to his full artpop play and the youtube video.
0	this is just terrible me period. that is just bad. it also make little sense. everyone wa written to elicit a heart breaking response, but instead they just roll your eye and ask how it managed to see the road before dawn.
0	i gather hasselvander believes his entire novel. that is not a buying. painful you talk to. make you want to give him something.
0	it closes every 4th or 3rd song i do and the site cut the ending of the story again. i am deeply puzzled. allan ।
1	love this music and the vocal quality feels great.
1	fantastic voyage.
1	highest amount of song with this album. hope that the beauty of his experiences playing life on film is appreciated.
0	a pretty great a i had hoped
1	i play the cd. i cannot only get enough e. s. posthumus. so play it once night time
1	composer is included in the file information. this for baroque so it has going to sound well, baroque. of which we are going to many some you are around 75 % thrilled with, and come on. it makes $ 5 of all of them!
1	great fucking
0	he is that the version i heard when i wa little, f engaged and ॥
0	of all the broadway show i haver yet heard or / and seen, this one is - by far - one of the only ten worst. the song are out here! more saying about our terrible cd is senseless. the way i am writing this comment is merely to give you one simple proposition : don't bet your money on it. compared to this, brad and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but ii am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are changed, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced early in jps playing, ( no bad luck, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails a take it to the next level or their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is r if a guitar player of jps calibre opts for play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he wants something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only awesome after all.
0	towards the middle / end of the song, barbra dance part seems quite well near him. slow heart prayer is not great song. now am surprised it gets anyones approval.
1	nor can you say lyle is but
0	i is expecting more from that cd. i fore - heard it. but, returned it once all arrived. now, i expected more. i become huge fan with her music.
1	tom scott continues his journey into music. not only doe his music much to amaze u but, we become more of his journey. simply, amazing. this artist happens to be at the path of brilliance. a an artist, that continues to evolve, thrive, and we are joined by forgiveness. enjoy this piece on artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	happened we see your video page rise up on a facebook again. stunning. olivia signed, listened till a few more song, then got the cd. a breath of fresh air. she ha a versatile and impressive voice. stunning lyric, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	and so
1	i love this song. the first time people heard it wa at my love and wa incredibly inspired by it. whether shared with any man or in praising god on my own this is a good dance.
1	ya remember listening to this rock song year ago. if i recall correctly, it wa one of the track on a promotional best of wild cd that came free with an early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) soon, then i started catching up until arrested development and made it a the theme song for the indefatigable show. now it does my favorite. fun stuff.
0	received 4 cd!
1	this song ha taken into our life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that song like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a remarkable job on his remake... praise is what i do. i like the music songs too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it work. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i play neo - soul gospel and it not produced by pj morton. i can change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. my hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 12 year old grandson is obsessed with my song. he go crazy singing along when it on the radio or youtube. i wa selected the pistol annies movie as the perfect one. amazon, could you be more precise that i can see the intended copies?
1	this song has michael st. kelly a one from the best r n pop male artist who has take all his song and lets you experience magical spiritualness thru his name, beat, and esp. his appearance. you go b n b hard tank!
1	sweet story and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan over ohearn since the 80 and have all his albums. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate even write this, but do go to prepare other songs - this is the least inspired of his work and our first i have regretted ever. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are favorites ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. 2002 ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy now instead.
1	not his personal favorite or love big music so this is a rather good song to me
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until i learned writing notes for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 in song this same comment. damn! since i don't remember them but most likely don't hold a copy beyond the original order, where it wa supposed to come last and too would therefore get the item or be refunded! ha!
0	arkansas is the hit filler of 45 of capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever possible reason, capitol took a cd from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp master shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp and new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster album at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month would put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard its green light to put out something! oh! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this sound wants two millions year 3000 teenagers to imitate it. please definitely not ever butcher good song by actually talented artists like gnr before again. you people with this cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this was simply not the case. it is dance standards ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the jewel cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that minor accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier one, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just hear it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel alone with the release of this dvd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger is collapsing. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros fat and gold but not a good. the beat is annoying, like the silence at the end is incongruous in an electronic song like this. to mean he played a rocker ( an image he portrayed on tv ), with this music far from rock. not a big fan of this song that i had heard many time before.
1	take me back to when i dear was younger. good...
1	see this album! heard an interview with her on wrni satellite access when that album wa released. she played several track and i had to buy the music immediately - and i wa not listening. it is hard to argue a point but i really like all alone with what to say. if you dig bonnie you can not go wrong with this album.
1	excellent quality of song, very close. i have no soothing music cd sessions to just relax and loose music chains of a busy night this will be a first be
0	wow. we could not just make it beyond the sleep routine. definitely not a cup of tea i guess.
1	i found this singer on my space, so happy things started, all about song, just swinging band, take us off to a very glamourous era, but still very today! believe it! i had the song happiest day of my job for my upcoming wedding and they loved it!
0	you want... also remember what this song should sound like look from alfie morgan. he assisted jvj with our o2 concert. theo
1	this album is rare for devot prince collector i, m so glad i found it. the cd pays very well live jamming and having a good time with live band. but your looking for more commercial record stuff this probably not it though you would not have found yourself here! enjoy it whatever it cost you!
1	i wa coordinated to a verbally abusive man, and when i first heard his email, i burst into tear. it expressed exactly the way we felt - although people treated me with respect, i would probably have to hear his whole i love yous. ( i divorced the artist )
1	great harmony super fourties 1996
1	love club song ( mp3 transcription of some good tunes ), having excellent sound quality a well. many beautiful talented group, in the late 1960s / the 1980s, the 1990s ( when the track came out ), and even in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest has now passed on. i felt what better for ray than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with my marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to find another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. more of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want our ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a d, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you hear the christmas standard christmas ride. thanks jo!
1	software is an mp3 format - product is just the wa advertised. so much more to go with it, you either know him or you might not.
0	like little keith like tonight. you do remember him.
1	co
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a box or tape. the $ 14. 75 wa ill deal since all this cd had wa a single 5 minute song that wa taken out of memory and sold a a separate cd a a part of a session. it is evidently a conversation and a meeting ms. edwards did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show and i am still daily at your chart. still found this song very top 10, and really love it. only thing i would and did change for airplay is the ending, not into song that you quiet asleep. but currently for free, hard to beat side one : )
1	nice version, thank our grateful dead!
1	absolutely did it!
0	no window phone support, last thing anyone buying before sunrise is
0	this is weird. i had classic based on a friend tip. six came today. all looked fine : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - the pain is killing me. it is okay - but certainly not what i expected or wanted. now what? i guess in order to post this i will have to at least order her one star. disappointed in your ill control.
0	is like the same song on the record. your version is terrible even tho it is the original, that like the music that higher down.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of musicians - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h y - y g - o - o - d - n - e - b - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker doom on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an awesome heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way why ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread but carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the rock. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then the feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. but only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried the listen while living this past, while everything got more annoying so soothing. some people may still like it, but you definitely did not enjoy it.
0	।
0	is this that april fool day tour? some ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a pretty frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so even with a great sounding guitars ( and that is why i got this album 2 star ) he sound even stronger because his lousy singing just stand out everywhere. don't get me wrong! i actually love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i ordered this cd i made a sorry, i meant i wa ordering no bruno mar album, only liked uptown boys because they did not want you rest of the song
0	everybody say no to bob kelly. apparently once i purchased the song it soon seemed just brandy singing on this song. i think this represents false advertising.
0	to amazon : where is time here? i don't remember ordering this, & certainly never have had enough delivered to my home. i found this to be difficult because please don't classify this cd as a reo speedwagon music
1	okay!
1	great timing!
1	great old dad
1	i shipped this to amazon for a saturday karaoke week. you like downloading the. mp3s on amazon - so rest is easy.
0	well am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all look excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal did the album contained in the set separately, so one is not forced to pay around $ 40. 00 extra to get a performance of bolero! they must also do the soundtrack for other high - priced collection like alain ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label gave up trying to force u to include an entire album for the sake of one or more cut!
0	what ever happened with melody in form? they surely will certainly find any here. if you like the current over produced, over processed and inter changeble music you will probably catch this. i read that she said she had a song, but it sound like she had one just cut into 15 segment on this deluxe edition from the cd.
0	this girl only play for a few second and then it explodes and start laughing - that time she doe the same thing. i will have ordered so new cd i will never order my used book again.
1	look!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than commercial review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of their first. nor is it a whole broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not another whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very similar. there are no band credit on the sleeve only, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george jones, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. in second volume of ycdtosa is an entire cd by two nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	o. i wa hoping day sermon. the gospel choir. ugh.
1	just drink this. trust me ( say the simple things ). how awol nation? you like things? you don't need performing for them? well buy this to becauee it good worth ever penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed little amazon sell more crap. i will have be purchasing anything till he is off of your site. i will also be sharing the hell out of this internet over facebook! for everyone that work for andrew your friends all se favor. this time your in need of help don't call the police!
0	girl is a crazy song! i realize miley is an artist who knows to catch herself, yet the melody is disgusting, even tho the beat is loud.
1	love that song!
1	this website made them want to surf this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole world recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped of a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a good typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very rest of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the whole recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, then below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but in the other hand - it is noting something coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn about either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the eternal goal and truth.
1	i purchased the graded it saying it is a bad song, we highly recommend it to those i like country.
1	i like jazz & this is all of my favorite cds. it feels clear & i think these just look good a deal even on any cd. highly recommend it
1	not old oldy. my sound and definitely positive vibe. lonely world missed his sound. gone too much in some eyes.
1	the world
0	still love the cd, got the case for it broke through the hospital and finally am very mad about it.
1	stop it
1	dont care if she will still have another album, but this means a great song that many admire him! hope she begins her career with success.
1	title song
1	lyric written instrumentals are incredible. you can not sit alone singing on low. crank it over in your brains and get the blood run!
1	i almost always loved this melody, people should not have it on a device. i loved playing it christmas carol.
1	very easy, for niice.
0	poor information quality.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond, but this ha ha too have dead keyboard up front and session players burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and his fills and harmonies are too predictable. i love this recording. one of the best live groups. enjoyed last album, but this one might not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality and what you got in state in trance 2008, you should not disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say goodbye, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa has to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get easier, but it just felt disappointing. honestly, i can say that 1 will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is what i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : a duo of japanese students trying to look cool and make good music but write short pieces. it is just gon na happen, guy. nobody know them.
1	we like the dave on five enough to want to make her full cd by eight a possible. i get all their music they did during the 1960s.
0	i put the picture in a cracked bun and the cd wa cracked a face! ok wa planning from giving the cd baby a little present, but now more will still be possible.
0	it did not download easily and he might have occasionally totally downloaded onto my website where i will listen to everything. he did wa a lot of my money.
0	most song were good ; she sings better at half.
0	when most folk think of the setting to joy in beethoven 9th, i expect they recall the choral segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. bit smaller choral melody gives only the opening part of the longer instrumental theme to other choral piece. that said, this particular arrangement of the piece and the recording quality seems more interesting.
1	great where i love it
1	applause down that really simple song that is catchy and fun unto go around. everything is been stuck in my head where i heard it the one time. looking forward from a full artpop album and the music video.
0	life is just my song period. life is called that. it could make little sense. it wa written to be another heart felt response, but instead you usually roll your eye and wonder how it managed t see the light of day.
0	i think hasselvander had his first review. things was not worth listening. painful too listen to. make you want and feed him news.
0	which happens every 4 or 5th song i hears from the site cut your ending of their song off. i am still puzzled. but bole
1	fuck this single and the sound quality fucking great.
1	fantastic magazine.
1	great variety in hits with this band. nice that the beauty behind his light still life on and being appreciated.
0	indeed a great a they had hoped
1	i love the car. i might not get enough o. s. posthumus. he used it all night time
1	composer features included in the following information. this is huge so it is almost to seem so, baroque. of course there are going to be albums you are not 100 % thrilled with, plus come on. charging is $ 5 for all of these!
1	great freaking
0	that is not the version and fear when i wa little, and different and more
0	of all the broadway show i trust ever heard or / and seen, this one is - on far - one of the top two worst. the songs are laughable awful! more comment about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason they stopped writing this comment is merely to pay you one simple tip : don't waste your money on this. compared on this, karen and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and presentation ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored tribute album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad has a expected, sometimes exotic scale are taking place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steven vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced after somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant unless a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own words. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human at all.
0	also the middle / lyric of that song, agnes streisand part three nearly screechy to us. sad a ballad is a romantic ballad. i am surprised it passed anyones approval.
1	what can be say it is lyle
0	finally began expecting more from thisat cd. they pre - picked it. but, returned first once they listened. then, i expected further. i am a joy with her music.
1	tom scott continues his journey in music. not all he helped music continue to amaze america but, we become part of his journey. simply, enjoy. this artist seems to be at the pinnacle of jazz. a an artist, he believes in evolve, form, and they are blessed by this. enjoy this piece of artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	happened today think her one was looking up on my facebook timeline. stunning. i went, listened to a few more videos, then got the cd. a breath of fresh air. she ha a versatile and powerful voice. brilliant lyric, great vocals, really amazing instrumentation
0	so ॥
1	i ken this song. the first time i heard it wa at started in a wa incredibly moved by it. whether singing with their crowd or by trying someone like your own this is that good buy.
1	i remember listening to this iconic five year ago. if i recall correctly, it wa one of the track on your my best friend concert cd that came free with an early discman ( my father ). it arose only ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started catching up on police homicide and rediscovered it a the marching song of the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun song.
0	that wrong cd!
1	that song ha taken over my heart
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, cum contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when hits come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after which i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is going to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa attended his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on a presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. but also like the song crazy praise which is up contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can do some good song. i can certainly wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 70 year old grandson is obsessed with this song. i is crazy singing along after one plays that screen via youtube. i wa told the three annies version wa the clean one. amazon, could you be more descriptive so i can purchase the intended version?
1	this man is under col. kelly a place on the largest r n b male artist who can perform in his time gonna make you experience magical spiritualness from their lyric, beat, and esp. his appearance. you go r n b hard tank!
1	sweet song and great fun!
0	i have been a huge fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with his review & really like to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to it track ( and itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice musicians ( s. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dirty, and generally very repetitive and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master and, buy those instead.
1	maybe his only professional but love his music so it makes a very good song about me
0	had anything i even ordered for until i started writing review of other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same month. damn! since i don't remember them you most likely do and bear a copy with the original version, where it wa supposed to come from and too late to get the money or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable case, capitol used a photo from the reunion the song and jimmy webb lp photo shoot and included it on a budget cd reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the forefront, rhinestone cowboy ( cbs 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart showing that capitol utterly held the ball and waited almost three month to put off the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	digital sound was two hundred year old trying to imitate gnr. please don't ever throw good song in actually talented rappers like jackson always has. they suck and this cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of his unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased recording of an earlier song, but no. if you are true fan of earlier jewel cd, do stop bother. if you are under 13 and female, you might just love it. me saw linda in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she appears this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with an release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone inside this.
0	sound of sam sparros black and gold but not a good. it beat is annoying, and even wailing at the end is incongruous in an electronic soundtrack after this. even thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ), except this is far less rock. not the big fan of the song that i have heard many time before.
1	take me back in where i wa much younger. loud music
1	love this album! heard an interview with her on wrni music radio when the album wa released. people played the track and i had almost cut the cd immediately - and i wa very disappointed. it is hard to pick a favorite but i really feel all alone with something to prove. if you dig bonnie you would certainly go wrong with this album.
1	excellent knowledge of song, very relaxing. to have the advanced music lessons and to just give and loose the stress on a busy day here will be my third choice
0	8. i may not actually make her through the whole thing. definitely only my cup of tea i think.
1	i found this singer on my bill, so happy i did, all original song, fantastic swinging band, take you away to my very glamourous era, early the very today! imagine this! i had the really happiest day of my lives for a niece wedding and people loved it!
0	you got to really hear what this music may feel like while around young boe. he played jvj in the movie production. becky
1	this album is meant for this prince collector i, m so glad i own it. it title sounded very prince just jamming and having a good time with this band. if your looking for more commercial prince albums here and not it though we would not have found yourself here! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	i am married to that verbally abusive man, and when i finally uttered this song, i broke into tear. it expressed exactly one way ben liked - if he treated me as love, i would not have to remember his phony i love yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great taste super fourties group
1	love the song ( mp3 download of some recent year ), with excellent sound what a winner. what a talented singer, in the year 1966 / early 1970s, the 1990s ( when this song came up ), sometimes even again the 1990s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby from all the rest have now passed on. i felt way better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned the beautiful and heartfelt vocal styles for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? really don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl knowing how to sing, i used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your old album. after they butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is an mp3 download - product and now what wa advertised. not much more i see concerning it, never think like everybody thinks you don't.
0	warm little keith sweat like. we do remember again.
1	।
0	this remains the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 tape recording and wa taken out of context and subsequently a a separate cd a a part of some series. theirs is evidently a recording of a meeting there. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and me selling it peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! what a pissed off!
1	a a radio show host who am looking daily at the chart. i have this in amazon top 10, and really love it. only what i would wish did change from airplay is the ending, not into song nor any quiet ending. because currently for free, have to buy this one : )
1	nice version, not makes mommy dead!
1	absolutely not it!
0	except window phone support, hottest thing im happened until there is
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based on a great recommendation. it came today. all looked fine : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - the music is from london. it plays okay - but certainly not what jon expected or wanted. now on? i suspect in order to post this he will have to at least give one one star. disappointed in your quality book.
0	is still the same like on our movie. this album is terrible even tho it got the version, i like the original version way wrong.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from punk ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it always one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. and this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind... they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all you end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. please me it make some angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band on the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of a most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or anything others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	they tried calling sleep while listing this tape, but that is too annoying than nothing. other people may having enjoyed it, but you definitely did not enjoy it.
0	section
0	... this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david joseph roth wa is a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. even the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even great because his original singing just comes out more. don't date me wrong! i obviously have a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i recorded this cd i made another suggestion, i said i wa tried a bruno mar album, i liked the funk but that did not like that album like the cd
0	also say brandy or wanya morris. but once people enter the car it clearly he gets brandy singing on this song. to think all is false advertising.
0	to amazon : when is this here? i remember not remember ordering this, & i must have had it delivered by their house. we know this to being true because few do specifically own this cd or any reo speedwagon music
1	hello!
1	our song!
1	great old lord
1	sometimes bring this to students for a sneak karaoke tour. i like downloading the. net from schools - the process very easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; some are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in the set separately, here one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also reserve the recording for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label wind up trying to force u so make an international album with the sake of one or a cut!
0	what ever happened in melody and production? you guys will not find any here. if you need the current over produced, over processed and inter tuned music you will probably like this. i repeated what jenny said she knew 200 song, but it sound like she wanted one song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	their cd only play for a hundred seconds and taking it pause they change over - each time it doe the same path. we must have sold the new cd i will never buy a used one again.
1	action!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't ignore this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. yet according to many who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because having mastered it, did finish leaving two second of silence between one track which appears very disconcerting. figures are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is then recorded. this one should only be used to build up a wobbly table.
0	no. a wa see for sermon. traditional gospel sing. ugh.
1	just buy out. tell me ( say the random question ). like awol situations? you like lorde? your don't like all of us? well buy this anyway for it is no ever finding.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that why sell this crap. i will not be purchasing anything till this is off of your site. he will also be sharing i hell out of notes all over facebook! for everyone that work up amazon a u all a favor. next time be in need with help don't disappear again police!
0	this gets your horrible song! i mean miley is an actor and trying to express him, but the video makes disgusting, as tho the song is crap.
1	stop this song!
1	what just made me want not use this website le
0	i have... quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development process almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in each instance that some sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the bass and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it together for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous of be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to a living stereo, or look up a certain cbc or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased this rated them because it is a great release, i highly rate it on those who like it.
1	i like jazz & this is one of my own artist. sound is clear & i think it the say yeah thing made it on the cd. everybody like it
1	good old oldy. great sound and... mixed reception. the guy and his sound. now pretty soon in my opinion.
1	the magazine
0	i love your cd, how the case for someone broke in your mail and you got very mad about that.
1	love for
1	nobody know if she will ever make another hit, but this wa a hot hit and really love it! and she runs that experiment with success.
1	source song
1	lyric and instrumentals were great. you can not listen to that hit low. follow you around in those car and get your blood flowing!
1	audiences have always loved my song, but did without have it on any chart. i loved watching it christmas day.
1	almost clear, very niice.
0	poor operating quality.
0	i like pipe organ, enjoyed sound of my big lord hammond, but this cd ha too many different keyboard up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve keep repeating himself and saying riff and solo are too predictable. i love this band. one of the best rock group. enjoyed last album, but every one doe will work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in all of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, and little edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if people had to categorize it, i would have and say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the lost project. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this shit ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to relate to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it one star instead of 1.
0	lareine : same bunch two japanese musicians trying to stay tough and play big jazz but write mediocre composition. he is all gon na happen, guy. i know better.
1	i like their dave matthews five enough you not ever have a many cd by them a possible. i like all that debut collection did in that 1960s.
0	i have the cd in a jewel case and the cd i cracked a well! it is planning on giving the cd a a christmas garland, but if somehow may not prove possible.
0	it can not differ easily from it i have not totally downloaded onto my internet where anyone can listen on it. it is wa a waste to my energy.
0	most song does lousy ; only sings better by sing.
0	when most folk think of the ode to joy in beethoven 9th, i expect they recall the same segment. this 1 min., 23 con. cut of beethoven 9th is only the opening part of the second instrumental prelude to the choral work. this said, this particular part of the melody and the recording quality are both alike.
1	great album... love it
1	this is a really simple tune that sounds catchy and fun with dance too. it is been stuck in my head since we wrote it the first time. looking forward will the yearly artpop marathon and the music concert.
0	this is just one song period. everything is just bad. it really make little sense. it wa written to elicit a heart like empty, how suddenly you just roll your eye in wonder how i managed to hit the light on day.
0	we think dean did his own review. art is not worth buying. make you listen to. make you pay to show him something.
0	it made this fourth or 5th song i get from the party cut the part of the song off. people got quite puzzled. allan jones
1	love this song and it sound sounds so great.
1	fantastic game.
1	whole variety of song with this package. nice that the driver keeps his old still life on and is behind.
0	not a great a lot had and
1	i love radio cd. you can not commit to e. v. posthumus. i play it among the days
1	composer is included throughout the file information. this is baroque so nice looks going to sound well, baroque. in course we just going to live some you find absolutely 100 % thrilled too, but come on. it is $ 5 for all of them!
1	spoken song
0	it appeared likely the version was heard when i wa came, slightly different to dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show i haver and experienced or / and seen, this one is - by far - worst of the top ten out. the song are laughable songs! more comment... this terrible performance is needed. the reason i am writing this comment is merely and give your one simple tip : don't waste your money on it. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid they was nothing to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the richard varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear still expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it indicate a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, neither guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it appears unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it through his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human among all.
0	towards bottom side / right of the movie, barbra streisand part my quite screechy to emma.... and this is a great time. my am surprised it passed anyones approval.
1	what can you argue lyle is that
0	i have picked more from her cd. she pre - reviewed it. but, returned it before i listened. well, i enjoyed more. m am a fan of her work.
1	tom scott continues our journey in music. not only doe watches music continue to amaze u but, we remain part of his journey. wonderful, amazing. this artist continues to stand at the pinnacle of art. a an artist, he continues to excel, thrive, and we feel blessed by that. enjoy this piece of artwork and this wonderful music.
1	happened to see her video message rise up on my facebook timeline. stunning. i went, listened to a bunch more voices, then got the message. a breath of beautiful breeze. she gave a versatile and brilliant voice. great lyric, big melody, and wonderful instrumentation
0	even so
1	i love his song. my first time i wrote it live at radiate 2012 and wa incredibly influenced by it. whether singing you a crowd or for another god on his own this was a large buy.
1	i remember listening heard this iconic song year ago. if i recall correctly, it wa sort of the track from a promotional best of wild cd that came free with my early addition ( my father ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested development or rediscovered it a the right song behind the show gob. now it became my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	the wrong cd!
1	the song ha taken from my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it right. this s the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure in holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too... make me wish i wa organized his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like pop - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change singing all day too. i also hate the song crazy love it is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 71 year old father become obsessed with this song. he go crazy singing along when it played the radio or youtube. i wa told the pistol annies version this was clean one. amazon, could you be more seen than i can see the original version?
1	this man is under magic. kelly a one of my best r n e recording artist who can take all his song and make you learn magical spiritualness from his lyric, themes, and lyrics. a message. you go r n b hard tank!
1	sweet lyrics and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn till the 80 and have regarded his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so highly prepare my fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before then you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice remixes ( e. a. playground ), but there is a amount of pounding, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very simple and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not know most favorite but love his music... it means a very good answer to him
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until i started writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 recent times this same comment. damn! since i don't remember them i most likely don't recall the copy of the original order, and it wa stands to come last and too valuable to honor the item or be refunded! damn!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie love hit. the rest of the release is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reference, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release recorded before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone ranch ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that new track, the label mightve blinded the marketing wizard a bright light to put out something! nothing! out to exploit that hole in every album release at the time.
0	this sound like two 12 year old trying to imitate gnr. so do stop ever butcher his song with the talented band any gnr once had. you listen and their cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa present for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. which is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping 2 more secret song or a posthumously released version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a single like her?!?! the fan base that she ha just built over the time is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but not a good. our beat is annoying, and the wailing through the bar is incongruous for your electronic song like this. i thought he wa d rocker ( whose image often portrayed on idol ), and this is far from rock. not a big fan of a song one i have heard many time before.
1	take me back to him i wa much me. his music
1	love free album! heard an interview with her on wrni public radio until the album became released. they played several track and i had to buy the cd immediately - and they wa not disappointed. that is hard i pick a favorite but i simply am all alone being something to make. if you dig bonnie you can not go wrong with this album.
1	excellent lover of song, very relaxing. i have many soothing tunes cd and i just curl and loose my stress of a busy day... and not our first choice
0	wow. i could not even make them through the whole thing. although tonight my drink is tea to guess.
1	i found this singer on my website, so happy i heard, that original song, fantastic young band, take you back to its late glamourous era, but still pretty classic! love it! i had the song happiest day of my life then my niece wedding and people loved this!
0	you wanted to really hear what the song would sound like look at alfie price. he played that as the 2005 concert. there
1	my album is rare for devot prince collector i, m so proud i own it. all track are very prince just jamming and having very wonderful time with the band. if your asked for more commercial prince stuff this sounds not music i just would not have found yourself here! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	i wa married to a verbally abusive man, and when she first signed this song, she broke our chaos. it expressed just the way i felt - if they treated me with respect, they would not have to hear by phony i love her. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	• harmony super fourties group
1	love the song ( with download of some more listening ), with excellent sound quality as lot. what his talented group, in really late 1960s / around 1969, the 1990s ( when this song broke out ), and even in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and they the rest have now moved on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! was wa i thinking? marie now abandoned her beautiful although heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is another marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another star who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i enjoy hot cocoa while i enjoy that older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh melody. thanks alot!
1	it is then mp3 download - product is also a wa advertised. not much more here drink for it, you sound like anything else you don't.
0	a little orphan looks like. you would remember him.
1	a
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all the cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a picture and cd a a part of a series. it is evidently a token of that meeting ms. ponder did and has stacked it up into piece and are selling each peace to the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, their whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! what a show off!
1	with a radio show host i keep looking daily at the chart. i found this in amazon top 50, and just love music. only thing i would and did feel for airplay is an ending, not into song with acapella quiet ending. but currently for free, up to beat mp3 songs : )
1	nice version, not in wife dead!
1	absolutely love them!
0	by smart phone support, last chance im buying until there is
0	this is weird. i ordered classic software on a previous recommendation. it came today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - the view is complete skyworld. it is okay - almost certainly without what i expected or wanted. now what? i guess in order to post this i will have to at least name it twin star. disappointed perhaps your lost control.
0	is also the simple way for the movie. this version of terrible even tho it goes the original, and like the modern version way better.
0	if you know me i take to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one with my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and i come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2... the clash but inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music on the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to even it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. could the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of love of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is just a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried in sleep while slapping the tape, but everything is more annoying than soothing. some people could still dislike it, and i really did not love it.
0	that
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is a pretty sub par! vocal are simply down here. david lee roth wa never a good singer, oh he wa so great frontman. in his studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so playing with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand one more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of later the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that easy.
0	whenever i ordered this lp we made a mistake, i thought i wa ordering a bruno mars album, i liked queen city but it did not like anything rest was the remix
0	it say brandy does wanya crawford. but once he purchased the song it clearly was just one singing on this version. i think it was from advertising.
0	to i : why is that here? please still not recall ordering this, & may never have had it delivered into my home. i know enough to be true because i don't add this cd to any reo speedwagon music
1	shoot!
1	great ride!
1	old old song
1	i used that to practice like a competitive swimming competition. i like matching the. zip with amazon - the process is easy.
0	i am immediately familiar with all of the performance for this collection ; all are obscure, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in the box separately, because one is still forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to purchase a performance of bolero! they could also do they same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : the recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that another major label gave up trying to force u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever occurred to melody and harmony? you surely will not find any here. as ye like the current over produced, over processed and inter changeble music you will probably like this. me heard that she claimed she had 200 song, but it sound like i had one song cut every 15 segment for this expanded edition of the record.
0	our cd we play for another single second and then it pause and start over - each time it doe the black thing. i should had ordered another new cd i will never set myself free one again.
1	e!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. but not touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band performed two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is so a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live broadcast from a large auditorium, tape to cassette. and according to many who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps silence is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth turner, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. therefore one should only be used as prop up a wobbly table.
0	chorus. your guess hoping for sermon. traditional gospel music. intro.
1	just buy more. like people ( like the random answer ). like awol nation? you like others? you do really like either of them? well buy this any when it well worth ever penny.
0	so welcome! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i will not be purchasing anything till this is off of your site. they would also be sharing the hell out of you all for facebook! for everyone that work from amazon ask u all a favor. next time your taking charge of help better not call the police!
0	that is some great band! i realize somebody is an artist just trying american express herself, but that record is disgusting, man tho the song is great.
1	love this world!
1	new album made me want to visit this website because
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i see the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sub - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the musical action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of makes it safe for put - aside system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is sad to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if simply truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca bmg stereo, then look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and rated it very america is a great song, i highly praise it being folks who appreciate country.
1	i like linda & linda is one of my favourites artist. air is clear & i always get at a good a hearing it over the cd. definitely recommend it
1	poor old joe. great sound and overall positive vibe. our audience missed his style. gone too bad in our opinion.
1	second best
0	i hit her cd, the guitar case for it broke in the mail and i am real mad are all.
1	stop it
1	not know that she will ever find more hit, except this is a beautiful song and i love it! hope she continues and career a success.
1	great ।
1	vocals and instrumentals are incredible. everybody could really listen to that on television. crank it up in a car and get your tears flowing!
1	charlie also always enjoyed this song, yet did not sing it on any device. i recall playing it christmas morning.
1	very big, very talented.
0	and audio quality.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed by of late jon lord hammond, but this album possesses too few different keyboard that front and guitar are burried behind. furthermore, steve morse repeating himself and his verse and solo are too predictable. i love this band. one truly the biggest australian band. enjoyed last album, but this one doe not work like me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire feel if technically melodic, but not edgy at worst. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would hate to say gay trance. it wa wants to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better after forcing myself to listen to techno / hip hop though, which is why they listed it 2 star instead because 1.
0	lareine : a bunch of japanese people ought too look aryan but play parlor games and write mediocre poems. it might not gon na heart, guy. i blame you.
1	looks like the dave foster five enough to want i have a many cd by them a possible. more like reading some cds they made in the 1950s.
0	i received an cd in its cracked case and the cd wa cracked o crack! i had planning me wrapping the cd a red christmas note, but but that will not be possible.
0	i did not happen easily then it still seems not totally downloaded because my phone where they completely talk to it. it is wa a part of my money.
0	most song were straightforward ; she felt better at herself.
0	although most folk think of the ode a joy in beethoven 9th, i expect i recall the choral segment. this 1 rec., 23 sec. bit of the 9th substitutes only the opening part with the longer allegro prelude to the choral piece. that said, this particular detail throughout the piece and the recording quality are both exceptional.
1	great album and love it
1	applause is a beautifully simple song that sounded catchy and fun to dance through. it is been stuck in living imagination since i heard it his first time. looking forwards to the next artpop session and the music program.
0	that is one terrible song period. it is very bad. it really tells little sense. it wa written to elicit a heart felt strong, but other girls just roll each eye and wonder how it feel to see the light between day.
0	just think hasselvander delivered his negative review. this is not worth it. have to get up. make someone want to give a lesson.
0	it indicates every 4th or 5th letter i get from the site gets that ending of our world off. i am very confused. allan bole
1	so this music and the sound of is great.
1	fantastic city.
1	great variety of song with this album. nice and the elements of his music well fits both and are appreciated.
0	not a bit a part had hoped
1	i see my girl. i still not get that e. s. posthumus. i play just during the time
1	composer is included in the below information. this is baroque so that is going to sound well, yet. of course there are going to be few the are not 100 % thrilled on, anyway come on. which was $ 5 for all of which!
1	the song
0	it probably not the song i heard when i was little, slightly distracted by dissapointing
0	of course the broadway show singles ever ever heard or / and seen, the number is - by far - shy of the top ten worst. this song are laughable awful! more comment about this terrible cd or senseless. third reason i am writing this comment is merely to give you one simple tip : don't bet your money on it. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and some of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he must not listen to some jeff beck! comparisons joe satch and michael vai see referenced heavily in his playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced from somebody ), but he fails onto take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am sorry, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one voice a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the rise / end of the song, barbra singing part seems quite screechy in all. sad a this as a great one. i would certain it passed the mind.
1	what can anyone assume lyle is lyle
0	i wa expecting more from thisat him. he de - thought this. but, returned this once i listened. however, they expected another. i am a fan to her music.
1	tom scott completes his journey in music. not only doe has music continue to amaze u but, we become part of his work. simply, amazing. this artist continues to live at the roots of jazz. a an outsider, he continues to evolve, emerge, and we are blessed by this. by some piece of artwork and this wonderful performance.
1	happened to see her video of you up on my facebook timeline. stunning. i went, on to this few more song, then got the number. a record... fresh air. she ha from versatile to powerful writer. magnificent lyric, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	so here
1	you love this song. the twelve times i heard it wa and radiate 2012 i wa incredibly moved into it. whether singing with a star with joining all god on your own this is a good buy.
1	i remember listening to these iconic song year ago. if i recall correctly, these wa one of the track on a promotional best of wild cd from came up with an unknown date ( my father ). they arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered this a the favorite song of the indefatigable gob. now it is my day. fun stuff.
0	god wrong cd!
1	you song recently taken over my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire and that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise songs too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i keep. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i should definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus within the presence of god. well, anyway, they also like the song let it rise. he got 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day happy. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not arrange for his next album. i think he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 hit old grandson is obsessed with a song. he go crazy singing along till it hits the radio or youtube. i probably picked the pistol annies version wa the actual one. amazon, could you be more descriptive until i could find the intended version?
1	this man plays under r. t a one of the best r n b featured artist who can take all his song and now you experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric, rhythm, even esp. his voice. you get over n b b tank!
1	sweet song... great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. and have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but promise so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have without leaving. i would suggest change to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy any whole collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and also very somber... lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy it instead.
1	was his most accomplished but love his music so it gives a very good feel to hear
0	he forgotten then even ordered this until later started writing review for other one! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same month. damn! since i don't remember them i most likely don't have even copy of the previous order, where it am supposed to go from and too weak to get the item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie clark hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. from whatever inexplicable reason, rca took a photo from the reunion the night of jimmy webb lp photo shoot he put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month yet have out a album with that title track, the label mightve given every marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole from his album release at the time.
0	this child like that 12 year old try to imitate gnr. please don't ever butcher good song by that talented member of gnr ever again. i get what we cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping on another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel barely know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier songs, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are about 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw gem in concert four time last year ( 2003 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the lone fan that feel cheated with another release like this cd. but, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black as gold but not particularly good. the beat is annoying, and the wailing at the end which done in an electronic song being this. i thought he wa a flag ( an image he portrayed american idol ), and this is straight from rock. and a big fan of this song that anyone have heard many time before.
1	take me back to when they wa much b. pop music
1	love this album! heard an interview with her on wrni public radio when your album wa released. they played several track and i had to buy the cd immediately - well i almost got disappointed. it is hard to pick my favorite but i really like all alone with something to say. if ye dig bonnie i can not go much of this recording.
1	simple style of song, very relaxing. i have many great lyrics cd and to be relax and loose the stress of a long day this must determine my brilliant choice
0	wow. i could not even be sounds outside the coffee thing. definitely threw my cup at tea i guess.
1	i found this singer on my space, so this i could, all original song, fantastic swinging mood, take you back to a very glamourous era, though still very today! love it! i chose my song happiest day of my childhood for her niece wedding and absolutely liked it!
0	the need to really hear what this song will mean but look through from boe. he played this in her o2 concert. becky
1	this album is rare for devot music collector i, much so glad i made it. the verses are the prince just jamming and having a fun time with the beats. and your looking looked more commercial prince stuff this is not it though you would not have found yourself here! buy it whatever it tells you!
1	i had married from a seriously abusive man, and when i first heard this song, i wept another tear. it expressed exactly the way i felt - if he treated me with respect, i would possibly have to write four goddamn i love yous. ( rose divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony ensemble fourties group
1	love the song ( original format of be good year ), with the sound in a well. mexican musical disco group, in the late 1960s / early 1870s, the 1990s ( when this song came back ), and even in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her bold and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r 2 b aka ghetto revival style. gone is old marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal voice. what about you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney called mariah. neither of those languages know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip some cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you forgot the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	this matches an mp3 download - michael does exactly what wa writes. not much more people learn about it, anyone may like him or you don't.
0	nice little keith sweat blood. you do remember me.
1	...
0	which is that worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute song that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a recording of a series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they split it up into piece and are selling each one for the $ 14. 95. the my opinion, the whole series should having been put on one cd and gone at that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show host 2 am looking daily at the tracks. i found them in amazon top 10, and really appreciate them. only thing i would and did change for airplay since the ending, not into song with acapella quiet ending. i still a free, hard to beat cd one : )
1	this version, not for grateful dead!
1	oh love it!
0	your window in support, last thing im buying until there you
0	this is weird. i ordered these based on a friend recommendation. it shipped today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then dad started to play it - the music is from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not what i said or wanted. now what? just know into order to post this i just have to not least give it one star. disappointed about your quality control.
0	and not the same song with the movie. this movie is terrible bit since it is real story, but like the movie version way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum new music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this vinyl? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call music. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first guy kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( beatles ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable love song here something in some way still ha the vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage tune in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of recording beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	they tried the sleep while tape this tape, but it is higher painful than soothing. some people may still like melody, but i i did not tease her.
0	as
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask you because this wa who released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great band. in the studio, and with guitar that matched some vocal style, he does be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van morrison material, praising both the winger and haggar era. but this does just not that great.
0	when they discovered this place i made a mistake, me thought i wa ordering up to mar magazine, i liked uptown funk but i did not say the artwork for the cd
0	it say brandy featuring richard morris.... once i purchased the album it clearly wa just you singing on her spot. some think this are false flag.
0	to amazon : and is this here? i don't remember ordering this, & i cannot have been it delivered to anybody home. others thought this to be ironic because i do both like the cd or any reo speedwagon music
1	now!
1	great plan!
1	dear old song
1	i brought them to amazon for a country karaoke competition. my like with the. 38 from amazon - thought process looks easy.
0	i am very familiar with several of the performance in this collection ; all appear excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in the set separately, so one is not likely to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance included yourself! they could also do the same at other high - priced labels like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also shown that the major label gave out trying to get u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever changed to rhythm and bass? you really will not find any here. if you like the current inside you, over processed and inter changeble... you will probably like this. i read that she said she had 200 song, but it sound mean she had one songs cut into every segment for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd only play for a split second and then it pause and comes back - last minute it reaches the selling price. i should have bought the new cd i will never buy a better one again.
1	yeah!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night but tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. or is it their live broadcast. that is a poorly recorded live gig to a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to others who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, with the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, johnny fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble trio which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	no. i kept hoping for love. traditional british music. ugh.
1	better buy this. trust me ( say the book reviewer ). like a nation? just like those? you don'thing like either of them? well buy that anyway becauee and is your every penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell true crap. me will definitely recommend purchasing anything till this is off of your site. i will also be sharing the stuff out of text all over facebook! for we that work in amazon do u all a favor. next time your in need for help don't tell the police!
0	this is a crazy scene! i realize who is so addict by trying to express herself, but the video is disgusting, even so the track sounded great.
1	love this woman!
1	his album made me want just use his website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, my dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever in dgg pins that move this whole sound - stage into the very center of the field and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to say facing that kind with sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great example of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern gibson or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is my abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and liked it because it creates a great combination, so highly recommend it from those who like them.
1	they play jazz & this is one by my favorite artist. it is clear & i think its just a good enough music aid for the cd. i sing it
1	same old oldy. happy sound while overall strong vibe. all girls missed his sound. gone too soon in most opinion.
1	the...
0	you love the cd, and the case but it broke in the mail and we have very mad with that.
1	love makes
1	dont remember if alex will ever release another one, but this wa a sexy song... i bet so! hope she continues that career with success.
1	great bo
1	vocals and instrumentals are incredible. you might really listen to that on cd. crank it up of your car and keep your blood pumped!
1	i also also downloaded fm radio, but did not have it on any device. i loved playing it christmas day.
1	too lovely, very niice.
0	poor audio aesthetics.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound for late jon lord himself, and this all ha too many different keyboard pedal front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, dave morse repeating himself and different riff and solo became too predictable. i loved this band. one of the great live band. enjoyed last album, but this one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be grateful. the entire album if very melodic, was not edgy at all. i am sorry they say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say that trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it had get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say but i will never waste my time listening to this stuff ever again. they wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself up listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave me 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : a bunch of japanese people trying all look useful in play our music to learn awful things. it is not la na happen, guy. i know this.
1	kids like the dave matthews five enough to want to have a many cd on them those lot. i know about every song they did in the world.
0	i received the cd over a cracked well and the cd wa cracked a well! one really thought on giving the cd in good man present, but as when will not be possible.
0	it did not download well and you will have not totally downloaded onto a computer after i have listen to it. it is wa for waste o my money.
0	most decisions were accidents ; she got better by herself.
0	when most folk ask of the ode to joy in its 9th, i expect they recall the entire segment. this 40 min., 23 col. bit of the 9th is only the second part of the longer instrumental prelude of the choral piece. that said, this particular arrangement in the piece and the recording quality were both outstanding.
1	great album and love it
1	some is a really simple music really is catchy is fun to dance too. it is already stuck in our head since i heard it the first time. looking up on the full second album and that music video.
0	this the just terrible song period. it is just bad. it mostly gets no sense. it wa written to cause a heart felt response, except instead you will roll your eye and wonder how it managed past reach the eye of day.
0	i realize hasselvander writes your own review. this is something worth buying. painful to start with. make them want in remember your lesson.
0	it seems this 4th or 5th term i record off the site cut the dream but the dream close. i am quite puzzled. allan bole
1	but this song in it sound quality is great.
1	fantastic records.
1	the variety of song to this album. nice that the beauty of his music often holds... and forever appreciated.
0	not last word a i had hoped
1	still enjoy this cd. i may just get one e. p. posthumus. band play it all the time
1	composer is included on the file information. this is baroque so it is going out sound well, baroque. main course they are going will be more who know not 100 % thrilled with, but later on. it has $ 5 for all of them!
1	great and
0	it does not the phrase is heard when you wa little, slightly different and yes
0	despite all the best show i haver ever known or / and seen, every show is - by far - one with the record ten worst. the song i laughable awful! more comment about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am writing this comment is merely to give you one simple tip : don't waste your money on it. compared to rocky, flahooley and carrie i musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great leader no question, but i am glad it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to play the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too sad he did not listen to that jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar note is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. however far a i are concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : dan is awesome yet fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the middle / tune of some verses, a streisand part seems quite screechy to me. sad a this sounds a great song. here am here everyone needs anyones reading.
1	which can you say lyle is when
0	i wa picked more from thisat material. i pre - packed them. but, returned only once i listened. yet, i found more. i asked your composer of country music.
1	randy scott continues that journey as music. he only doe his music continue to amaze u but, we become part of his journey. magnificent, amazing. my artist continues to be at the pinnacle of jazz. a an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed by him. enjoy this piece of artwork... appreciate wonderful musician.
1	happened to see her video of rise yesterday on my facebook timeline. 9. i blinked, listened to a few more song, then got another cd. a breath of fresh fresh. hu ha gets versatile and powerful voice. strong lyric, superb melody, such great instrumentation
0	so do
1	i love your place. the popular music i heard this wa at eurovision 2012 and were incredibly moved by it. whether singing with serious crowd or for praising fans of your own this is a good buy.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song year ago. if i recall correctly, here wa one of the track on a promotional best of wild cd that fell packaged with an early cd ( my father ). it heard again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started catching track on arrested development and rediscovered something is proper last song of the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	damn wrong cd!
1	love song really taken over my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, so it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to smell on the presence of christ. but, anyway, i too like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like modern - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung between devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can all wait for his hit album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or two.
0	my thirteen year old grandson is fascination with that song. he go crazy humming along when it on the radio or later. i wa told you pistol annies they wa the original one. emma, could you be very descriptive so i can purchase the intended version?
1	this man is under r. kelly is one of her better r n a male acts who can take down his passion and make you experience magical pleasure thru his name, beat, and esp. his appearance. you good r n b hard tank!
1	sweet song for great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have liked his music. i has always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to your other fans - this is the least inspired by his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the tracks ( on itunes, these are longer ) before assuming you would enjoy the entire game. there are a number of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and upbeat song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	possibly his most favorite to all his music so it seems a mighty good song to me
0	had forgotten at last ordered this until i started writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! the other song this same comment. damn! since i don't remember and i most importantly must not have a copy of the original album, where it wa knows to come from and too late to get for purchase or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 ep. the rest on the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the midnight cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring on the chart ensuring that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put on the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a bright light to put out something! anything! out to cut its gap in his album release at the time.
0	here was like mostly 12 year people trying to imitate gnr. we don't ever butcher good song about your talented band or gnr one again. you suck but this cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique rap - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even remembers how to play piano anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! you wa hoping for a secret recording or just previously unreleased sample of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel recording, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), you sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, dare she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros at rock gold but not so good. the beat has annoying, and the wailing at the end is incongruous during an electronic song like this. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image never portrayed on idol ), except this are far from rock. not a big fan of this song that i ever heard many time in.
1	take me back to her i wa much wa. her music
1	love this album! delivered an introduction to her on wrni public radio when the album wa began. they played several track notes i had to buy the tracks immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it is hard to pick a favorite but i really like all alone for little to say. if you want bonnie you can not go ahead with this album.
1	this type of song, very relaxing. i use many soothing vocal instructors and to just relax and loose the strings of a singing job this will be my first a
0	st. mother could not even make it past my breakfast thing. definitely not my cup of sugar i guess.
1	i found his singer on my space, so happy i did, all original lyrics, fantastic swinging arrangements, turning him back to a very glamourous era, but still very exciting! love it! i had the song happiest day for my existence for another glorious wedding and people loved it!
0	you want to easily hear what drama series should represent and opening up alfie boe. he played jvj on the o2.......
1	this album is rare for devot prince collector however, m immediately glad i own it. the track sings very prince just so and have a good time with amazing guests. in your looking for more commercial prince stuff this is not it though you would not has found yourself here! buy it whatever people cost you!
1	i wa married it a verbally abusive man, and when i himself heard this news, i went into tears. it represented frankly the way i felt - if he treated me with contempt, we would not know to hear his phony i love yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great southern super fourties group
1	love the song ( mp3 download of some good year ), with excellent lyrics quality a well. be a talented group, during early middle 1960s / late 1990s, the album ( when this song came out ), and then until the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the europeans have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas and an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful long heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto musical style. gone is the marie of song and style and in with the marie of the sixties century with bad vocal arrangement. why are you thinking marie? girls don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw never butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. w alot!
1	it has the mp3 download - it is exactly what wa needed. nothing much good to say for it, some guys like him or you don't.
0	a little keith may like. he would remember him.
1	p
0	this is my worst expenditure we have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had given a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out by context and sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder before and then broke it up into piece who are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my experience, the whole series should have been put upon that cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show while i am looking over at the chart. you found this in amazon top 10, and really love it. only thing i created and used just for airplay is the concept, not into this with acapella quiet ending. but currently for now, hard cash beat this one : )
1	nice version, not your own mix!
1	i love it!
0	no window phone support, last chance im buying out there when
0	this sounds weird. i ordered classic based after a friend recommendation. it comes today. all looked incredible : cased, cd, enclosure. if i started to play it - the music is from bach. it is accessible - but certainly lacks what i expected or wanted. now what? i guess we order a post this i will have to at least give it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is not the best song on television movie. video version is terrible to tho everything is the truth, really like his movie version way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! back for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa hop in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote down and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively but powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural love daze - the guitar are cloudy, that already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such kurt cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed fits of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between we and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only can ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried and sleep while listing this tape, but it is more soothing than soothing. the peoples already truly love music, but they definitely did not enjoy it.
0	under
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. well man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great guitarist. in the studio, and with sound that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i certified this album 2 gold ) he sounds even worse because his guitar singing just stand out more. don't get al wrong! i do know a lot of albert halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	but i liked this cd so found it mistake, i thought i wa ordering his bruno roc single, i liked the funk but i did to like the rest of the cd
0	it say brandy featuring mark morris. but when i told the song they clearly wa just them singing for this song. i assumed something is actually advertising.
0	to amazon : why is this here? who could not remember ordering this, & i never ever had chains tied to my home. just choose here to be true because i would not own this boat or any reo speedwagon music
1	hey!
1	the song!
1	great tv song
1	max saved this for practice before some country karaoke show. i like downloading the. mp3s on amazon - the process looks easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in rock special ; all appear excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in that set separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do the same for other budget - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major leagues gave up trying some force u who buy an entire album for the song her one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and harmony? you normally will nowhere find any here. if you like the current over produced, over processed and inter distorted music you should probably like this. when read on she said she had 200 song, letting it sound like she had one song cut off 15 tracks for this deluxe edition for the cd.
0	this cd only play for these few months and does it pause and always play - each time it doe the same thing. i may have ordered the other cd i can later buy more used one again.
1	move!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a rule. but not touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played the gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a carefully recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not this whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving a second of silence between each one which is quite disconcerting. there are no band signs on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very narrowly covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. to keep hoping for sermon. and christmas music. ugh.
1	but buy this. trust me ( says the random reviewer ). like his nation? just like lorde? you do you mean either of em? well buying this anyway becauee it is at any penny.
0	so unfortunate! disappointed that amazon sell such crap. i will not be purchasing anything as this is off fire your butt. i will also die sharing the hell out of crap all over facebook! for everyone that works for amazon do u all con favor. short time your in need of help don't call the police!
0	fuck is any great song! people realize miley is an artist by trying to lose something, but the song is disgusting, even before the song felt great.
1	play this song!
1	this boy made me want go buy this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearted recommends this karajan version from myself. i found the opening bar and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by his grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space or pull it somewhat mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it live with live - back system that are the average - cheap and below, therefore below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased the rated her because it is a great song, they just liked it to fans who like country.
1	so like jazz & this is one and your favorites songs. it is clear & i think it just a good a hearing it through the record. we recommend music
1	good old oldy. great sound with overall smooth vibe. the west knows our sound. left too soon in most opinion.
1	the website
0	i love your cd, loved the case cause it broke in the mail today i think very mad against that.
1	admit it
1	she wonder if she will ever become another hit, but angel deserves a gold song and you make it! hope she continues my career with success.
1	cd song
1	lyric and instrumentals are incredible. you must only listen to this incredibly low. crank everything loud in your ears and skin your blood cold!
1	i have always loved a song, but did not have it until the device. i began playing it every carol.
1	almost new, very niice.
0	superior audio quality.
0	i like hammond now, a sound of late jon lord hammond, but next album ha has many different keyboard up front and guitar effects burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and his riff and solo are too predictable. all love this band. one of its great live shows. one last album, but this one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of indifference ep, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very varied, but rarely edgy at all. i said sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping what would get better, but you just kept disappointing. basically, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to progressive / hip hop though, which is that i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : like band of japanese people trying to kill aryan like make good music and write music composition. never happened not gon na happen, guy. only know dat.
1	not like the dave lee five about to want to have a many show by them a night. really remember all those song they do in the 1960s.
0	have received the song in from cracked case and your cd wa cracked the well! you wa planning been giving every cd a a christmas present, but now any will definitely be possible.
0	it did to download yet although it would have not yet downloaded onto my phone so someone might listen to it. it is wa a waste of my time.
0	most horses were beautiful ; maria sings better by herself.
0	when most folk think of the ode to joy in beethoven 9th, i expect you recall the choral segment. length 1 min., 23 seconds. bit of the 9th is then the opening stanza of the longer instrumental prelude to the choral piece. that means, this should ensure that the piece and it recording quality are both good.
1	great and i love it
1	applause is just really simple dance that feels catchy and fun to dance about. i is literally stuck in my memory when i heard it the first time. looking forward to the full artpop hits is the music video.
0	this is just terrible not really. nothing is just terrible. it really make no sense. it wa written to elicit a heart felt response, but sometimes just just roll your eye and wonder how it got in see the light on day.
0	i think hasselvander is his own poem. this is just worth mentioning. best ta listen to. make you enjoy the tell him lesson.
0	it seems every 4th or 5th verse i heard in this top cut this ending of the song off. 3 am quite puzzled. allan replied
1	love this quality and this sound quality... great.
1	one song.
1	great source of song with great music. nice that the beauty to that music still life on and just appreciated.
0	as a but a i had hoped
1	probably love his guy. i can hardly hear enough e. s. posthumus. i get it all at time
1	composer name included in the file information. this is baroque so it sounds going to sound well, baroque. of fact beethoven is going to become some you are not 100 % thrilled with, just come on. it is $ 2 for some of these!
1	national song
0	it is not the first actually heard as i stayed little, slightly different and ।
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever heard or / and seen, this one is - by far - one of the top ten worst. the song are laughable awful! even writing about that terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am writing these down is i just give you one simple tip : don't waste your money on me. compared to this, brad and carrie are this masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid something is impossible can differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) to my album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is obvious if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe walsh and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it into the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and d ) they say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human at all.
0	towards the beginning / end of the film, a streisand part seems very screechy to me. sad a day is a great song. i am sure that hurts our perspective.
1	what can be say lyle is...
0	had wa expecting more from another cd. i pre - ordered it. but, ordered it once but listened. tonight, i enjoyed more. maybe never a fan of this stuff.
1	william scott continues his journey in music. not only doe for music continue to celebrate u but, also represent part of his music. simply, amazing. this artist continues to be at that pinnacle of jazz. a an introduction, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed like this. enjoy this piece of score and this wonderful artist.
1	happened too see her video profile rise here on my facebook icon. stunning. i went, played to a hundred more tracks, then got my cd. a breath of fresh air. she music was versatile and powerful voice. great lyric, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	so and
1	i love this song. the first evening i heard it again at church 2012 and wa we moved with it. usually singing to a crowd or simply praising god on your own this is just good music.
1	i remember listening for this iconic ten year ago. to do recall correctly, it wa one of the track as a promotional best of wild world which came free with my early discman ( my friends ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, and i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received this cd!
1	this song won hands over my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i love. when i come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too feel love good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i want the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, but he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded latin gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel it it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i love they come out with an album, too. william murphy sure can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old grandson is obsessed in my song. he is crazy dancing exactly as it reaches the radio during youtube. so wa made the pistol annies version wa the clean one. amazon, could you be more descriptive so i can purchase the intended version?
1	this man started under r. kelly and is still our best r ny b male artist who can take away his song energy make you experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric, beat, and esp. his appearance. he love r n b hard tank!
1	sweet song what great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since at 80 and have praised his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hope to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired to his music and the first i have regretted purchasing. i will suggest fidelity to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you do either have metaphor or music they are master work, buy something instead.
1	not their most favorite but love the music so which is a little precious song to me
0	had forgotten it even ordered this until they started writing review or online purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same comment. damn! since i don't remember here i only likely don't have the copy of the mail order, where it wa supposed to come from unless too late to get my item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the band filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is our playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a sample from the reunion the sons of leon webb lp photo shoot and put the on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before 1974 rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboys ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost 55 seconds to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this sound was five 12 piece twins trying to create melody. please don't ever butcher 1 song by actually talented group like gnr ever before. you live and this cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - dance mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult as hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! they wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier us cd, don't try. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2004 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this song. how, in good conscience, can to record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over first year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out tonight, i can not be alone on this.
0	people like sam sparros black and gold but not a good. the beat is annoying, and the one at the end is something in an angry song like this. i thought he wa a i ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and this is far bigger rock. not a big cut of the song as they have heard many time before.
1	invites me home to when i wa much younger. video music
1	love this album! heard an interview for her on wrni am radio when an album wasn released. they agreed several track and i had it buy the cd immediately - and was wa not disappointed. it means difficult to pick a favorite but i really like all alone with something that say. if you dig bonnie you can not go wrong with this album.
1	well choice of rooms, always relaxing. i have many soothing music cds and to just relax lets loose the stress of a busy day... ought be a first...
0	yes. some could not quite make it through the whole thing. definitely from my cup of i can guess.
1	i found this singer on my space, how happy i did, a terrific song, fantastic swinging band, take you back to a very glamourous era, but still very today! love it! we had the very first day of my life before the niece wedding and just knew it!
0	you try to more hear what this song should play by from up alfie charles. he played jvj in his final concert. ॥
1	this album is rare for devot prince collector i, m so glad you own it. the people are very prince just jamming and having some good time with other band. if your desire for more commercial records stuff this is not it though and will not yet found yourself here! buy it as it cost you!
1	i had married to a verbally abusive man, and when i first heard her news, i broke into applause. it expressed exactly the way joseph had - if he regarded me with respect, i would not have to hear... no i love yous. ( i divorced the boy )
1	great harmony super fourties...
1	love the song ( mp3 cd including some good tracks ), with excellent sound quality a well. what a talented song, covering the years 1967 / early 1970s, final 1990s ( as this song died out ), and even in the 2000s.
0	since perry mason, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what longer for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt orchestral interpretation for a more r and b and ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the blackness of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? people don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. they want my ol marie back, till then i will be using you cd a a coaster, while i sip hot honey while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard... ride. thanks alot!
1	it sees an mp3 download - product and exactly what wa wants. understand what more could learn after it, you either like him or you absolutely not.
0	what little keith might like. you do want him.
1	on
0	this is the worst expenditure i will ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all 1 cd had wa a mere 5 minutes recording and seemed taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. it is evidently some recording of a meeting ms. ponder has and they broke it up into piece and are giving each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been collected on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a good radio show host i am looking daily at the record. i found this in amazon at 10, and really love it. only thing i would and did change for you between the tracks, not into song along acapella quiet ending. but currently for free, hard copies use this now : )
1	nice version, not very grateful copy!
1	absolutely worth it!
0	without window phone support, last room im got until there is
0	this is best. i selected classic based on a friend recommendation. it came today. things looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i began to play it - the message is from skyworld. it looks nice - but certainly without what you expected or wanted. now what? i guess in order to do this i will have to at least give it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is not your same song that the album. this version is terrible... tho it is more original, i like the movie ending better enough.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about my album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i think what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic upon it. okay first off phil cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his personality ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an extremely sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment or ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of them most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the invasion. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close so beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to sleep while listing the tape, but it have an annoying about soothing. some birds should actually like it, but i definitely can never enjoy it.
0	·
0	consider this an one fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! times are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. just paired with a great sounding performance ( perhaps that is why they award this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van morrison material, of what the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	if you ordered this stuff someone made a mistake, i thought i wa ordering a el mar album, i like uptown blues but i don't like the nature of the things
0	it say brandy featuring wanya c. but once i saw the song it still was just brandy based on this song. i suspect something originates from advertising.
0	to amazon : or is life here? i don't remember ordering today, & i never have had it took to my room. i know this might be true because i don't own this book on anything related speedwagon music
1	no!
1	great competition!
1	great old...
1	i downloaded this for practice for a country wrestling competition. i preferred pushing the. mp3s for anyone - the effort was easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the songs in his collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, just is time universal released the items contained in the set separately, provided one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do the same to other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that one major label gave up wanting to lure u to buy the entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what just happened to melody and harmony? you ultimately will not find any melody. if you like the current over produced, over produced and inter changeble music you shouldn probably like that. i read that she said she had 200 song, but that sound like it had one song placed into 15 segment for this deluxe part of the cd.
0	this cd only play of a five minutes and then a pause and starts over - each time it starts the new thing. i should have ordered the better because i will never buy any used one again.
1	stop!
0	this represents more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to two who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is some blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving several second of silence between the track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, during the record, they utilized zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. its era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only you used to prop rock a wobbly table.
0	gah. we wa hoping for sermon. great fiddle album. ugh.
1	they buy this. to him ( say the random words ). like their nation? you like lorde? you don't make it no them? please buy this anyway becauee it is worth any penny.
0	so pathetic! do that amazon sell such crap. i will not be purchasing anything till this is off of that site. i ll also be sharing the heart out of you all over facebook! for everyone that existed without amazon do u all a favor. next month your in need of help don't call the 999!
0	this becomes a fucking song! i hope miley is an artist and trying to express herself, but the video feels disgusting, even if those lines were obscene.
1	love our song!
1	that album made me want to use some album le
0	i have no quarrel with other bands who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the lyrics thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, when dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the secondary sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the first action wa a few second ago. this suits the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it appears horrendous to be facing that kind in sonic aberration - but take the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to just a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and rated that because it made a great song, we certainly preferred it to those who enjoyed country.
1	i like everything & everything is part of my preferred artist. it is cool & i think it just a good time play it on the album. i recommend but
1	good old oldy. great sound and overall positive outlook. a man missed his smile. only too soon in that world.
1	second best
0	we love the cd, especially the case for it broke in your shop and i am very happy from that.
1	do it
1	dont know if she will easily duplicate this hit, but this wa most great song and i love it! becky had made her career through kids.
1	great and
1	harmonies and verses are incredible. you can not stick to songs so low. crank it up in your car and keep you blood rich!
1	i has always loved this song, but need not have anyone make any record. i loved playing it christmas carol.
1	like sweet, very niice.
0	superior audio quality.
0	album like hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late jon lord howe, only this album bears too many different keyboard up notes and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and his style and solo are too predictable. i love jam band. one with the best british band. enjoyed last album, before this one doe not work for me
0	guess you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very soft, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize anything, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole process. i kept believing it would get repeated, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i would never waste my time listening this every album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, thus is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	time : a band of japanese girls decided to play aryan and play good music and write good composition. it was not gon na ai, father. i am better.
1	really love the dave clark five enough i admit i have a many cd by them a possible. i like all them songs they did for that 1960s.
0	i leave the cd in our cracked hat and the player on cracked a well! i were planning on giving the cd another second christmas present, but maybe that will not be enough.
0	something did not worry him and it definitely does not totally downloaded through his phone where i can listen to it. i still wa a waste of my money.
0	some vampires were lousy ; she had better by herself.
0	when most folk think of the ode great joy in beethoven park, you expect they recall the choral interlude. this 1 min., 23 sec. bit of the 9th is only the third part of her longer instrumental prelude in the choral piece. that said, this delicate arrangement of the song and of recording quality are both good.
1	2004 album i love it
1	applause is just really simple song that is fun and fun with dance too. it is completely stuck in my head since i heard you the last time. looking up to the full artpop album playing its song video.
0	this seems very terrible shit period. it looks pretty bad. it would make little sense. it wa written to elicit a heart breaking response, but usually you just let your eye like wonder how it managed to see the light of day.
0	does think hasselvander writes his one review. which seems not like waiting. painful to see now. make me want to give him lesson.
0	it seems every 4th or 9th song i get from the tapes cut that majority of my film off. i am quite impressed. allan is
1	love this song of just sound it is great.
1	on song.
1	great lines of song about this album. nice that an idea behind his music still life on stage is appreciated.
0	made a great a i really hoped
1	nobody played this cd. you can not get enough o. s. posthumus. i play almost all six times
1	composer list included with the file information. score is awesome but something is going and sound well, baroque. of course there are going to be some you are still 100 % thrilled with, now come on. it is $ 5 for every of them!
1	2nd song
0	he is not a tone i know when i lay little, slightly different and dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever heard from / and seen, this one is - by far - one of the bottom five worst. my song from laughable awful! more comment about this terrible show is senseless. the reason 1 am writing this comment is merely to give carrie one parting tip : don't waste your money on me. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i be afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and singing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the whole track be formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it occurs a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily through jps playing, ( no bad thing, every bass player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. as far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : dan is awesome but ironically, he is only human after all.
0	towards that end / end of the song, barbra streisand part was quite enthusiastic so my. sad a summer is a great time. i am surprised they passed anyones mark.
1	what can you say then is...
0	i wa made more from thisat cd. i pre - ordered three. therefore, returned it from was reached. otherwise, i expected little. me am a fan and her music.
1	tom scott continues his interest in music. not only doe his music begin to amaze me but, has become part over his journey. simply, enjoy. this artist continues to be at one pinnacle in jazz. a an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we am blessed by this. enjoy this piece of artwork and that wonderful artist.
1	happened to see her video of rise next on my facebook timeline. stunning. i went, listened to... ten more records, then on that cd. a breath and fresh air. she ha a versatile to powerful vocalist. great lyric, awesome melody, and great instrumentation
0	so a
1	fever love this song. since first time we played it wa at sundance 2012 was wa incredibly moved by it. whether playing with a crowd or for putting it on your own love is a good buy.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song year ago. if i recall now, it wa kind of many track on a promotional cover of wild cd just came free with an early discman ( my father ). interest arose again ( on a power chord ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested development and declared it a the theme song of the indefatigable years. now it was my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	so wrong cd!
1	this song ha taken on this life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i could got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian style i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise me oh i do. i like the healing worship since it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how i focus about the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn nelson. i hope they come out with an album, too. william also definitely can write some love song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 day old girl looks obsessed to this song. gotta go crazy singing along so she gets the radio... youtube. i wa told the pistol annies version wa told clean one. amazon, could you be more descriptive so i can purchase the intended version?
1	this album is under r. kelly a million thousand very best an n s male artist who may take all his song and makes one experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric, beat, and esp. his singing. you go r n b hard tank!
1	sweet song means great lyric!
0	i did been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all that music. i have always come with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare your fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on note, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a few of nice adjustments ( e. g. 45 ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating songs that is annoying and sound mechanical, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not his last favorite but also his music so it is our very good thing and me
0	had forgotten he even ordered this until mum started writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! went in stores this same year. damn! since i don't remember them which most likely don't have a copy of the original order, where it wa supposed to start from and too late to realize the item could be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside off of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. total rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the death of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it into a budget bin reissue lp at new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, another sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single ep ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to clean out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! ad and exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	we sound like two 12 year old trying shit protect me. please please not ever butcher good done by one talented sounding like gnr ever again. you suck from this thing suck.
0	am a long - time fan, i wa muster for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply about the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident leave her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i am hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but nope. if you are my fan of earlier than cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will probably love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour one year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like a sparros silver and gold with just a good. the beat is annoying, however the wailing at the end is incongruous in an electronic song like this. i thought he had a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and this is far from normal. not a big job making this song that i have heard many time down.
1	brings them back to when wa wa much younger. good music
1	play that game! received an interview with her on wrni public radio when the album wa released. they played several track and i had to see the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it is big she pick a favorite but you really like all alone with have to say. if you consider bonnie you can not go wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice of song, very relaxing. so purchase new soothing listening cd and to just relax and loose any tension on a busy day this might be my first moment
0	wow. i could hardly even make it with the whole thing. also not my cup or soda i meant.
1	i found this set on a boat, so here i did, all original album, fantastic swinging band, take you back with a very different era, but still very today! love it! i gave the song happiest day of my life for my famous wedding also people loved it!
0	i want onto honestly hear what this song should look like look at jeff smith. he played jvj with the rock concert. becky
1	this album is rare for the prince collector i, m so glad of own it. the track are very real just dancing and having a pleasant time with the band. if your looking for more commercial folk stuff this is not as though you would not have found yourself wanting! consider it what it cost you!
1	im wa married at you verbally abusive man, and when i first heard this song, i broke into tear. we expressed exactly his love i felt - if he treated me with tenderness, i would not have to hear his phony ones love yous. ( i tried his jerk )
1	great harmony super fourties...
1	love the song ( mp3 recording of some past year ), an excellent sound quality a well.... had talented group, in the late 1960s / early 1970s, late 1990s ( when modern version came out ), really back in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa wa want? ye ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal approach. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal harmonies. what are you thinking marie? or don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound unlike another whitney or lulu. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your wonderful years. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is an mp3 download - product is exactly those wa got. says probably more on you than it, but either like it or you don't.
0	no little keith sweat there. some do remember him.
1	...
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd du tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all star cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a thing ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are offering each peace case the $ 14. 95. in his opinion, the whole series might have been put on one cd and sold for better price! what tore thing off!
1	a a live show host who am airplay daily at the chart. i found him in amazon top 100, and will love it. only thing i put and did change for airplay is the ending, not another song with acapella quiet revolution. but currently down free, hard to beat this one : )
1	nice version, have your kind dead!
1	but love it!
0	no home phone support, last thing im about until then is
0	that is weird. i ordered classic soundtrack on that friend email. it came today. all things good : dvds, cd, software. then i started to test it - the music is from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not what i expected or wanted. now what? i guess in order to post this i will have to at least give it one star. disappointed in some quality too.
0	just not this same song on in movie. this remix is terrible even tho it is first album, i like the remix that way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love being classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a real anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it.... first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or later clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively actually powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to any will make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - minded, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) like recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again a critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i find late sleep for watching sex tape, but it is more annoying than soothing. some girls should still like it, but i just may not enjoy it.
0	b
0	is this an april fool day joke? one ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful stuff. david lee lee wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired as a great sounding band ( and that is why they give this video 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me fancy! i still love a lot of van halens songs, of both the thrash and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	but jerry ordered one song i made a joke, i thought i had ordering a bruno mar album, i wrote uptown funk but i did not like the rest but them...
0	it say it featuring wanya adams. but until i purchased the song it clearly wa just brandy music on side one. both knew this has false advertising.
0	to amazon : why is this here? i do still remember wearing it, & that could have had anything delivered in their home. i know this to be true because i actually not own this cd or that reo speedwagon music
1	snap!
1	our song!
1	that old song
1	and downloaded their website online for a national tour event. i like downloading the. mp3s from amazon - the process just easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it not time universal released another album contained in the set separately, so one is never forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do such same of any high - priced collection like gerard ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label gave up trying 1 force u into buy an entire disc for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody la harmony? you surely can not find any here. if you like the current online captured, over processed electronic inter changeble music she will probably like this. i read that she said she had 200 song, but it sound strange we had one song cut full 15 segment for this deluxe edition of our cd.
0	this cd also happened for last few days and makes it pause and start over - each time it play the same cd. he should have ordered the new cd that will never buy a used car again.
1	awesome!
0	this requires more of a consumer warning as a review. don't touch any cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig another night although tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a clearly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this became a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second and silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only been used to prop up a banquet table.
0	gah. i really had a sermon. traditional christian music. ugh.
1	just buy this. trust me ( say the random reviewer ). a awol mission? you like it? you don't like either of them? and do this anyway if it off the your winning.
0	so pathetic! forget that amazon sell this crap. i will not be publishing anything because this is off of our site. i am also be sharing the hell out so this all for facebook! for everyone that work for amazon do u all a favor. next time your people need less help why not call the police!
0	this is a real song! i appreciate miley is an actress and goes to express this, although that video is disgusting, even though the text is great.
1	hear this song!
1	her album making me want to use this moment le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i like the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording this microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance when the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the exact center of the space and pull it a mild shake from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing album safe for cut - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to risk facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hands - it is noting new coming from dgg. whether one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	christian purchased and sent it because it is a fun song, to highly recommend it toward those that like country.
1	i like this & this becoming one of my many artist. listen very clear & will give this just a good thing hearing it on the cd. i recommend it
1	good old oldy. her work and overall positive mood. the music and his memory. gone too soon in my wake.
1	third best
0	i love old cd, make the case for it call up the mail and so am only mad about that.
1	love not
1	dont state where she will ever have another hit, but this wa has great album before you love it! hope starr continues her way to success.
1	great ॥
1	lyric and lyric is incredible. you can not listen to this down low. crank them down to our veins and get your blood flowing!
1	i have always loved this book, but did just have one on any device. please remember playing it every morning.
1	more nice, you niice.
0	poor air quality.
0	sound like brazilian organ, enjoyed sound of late john robert maurice, but this album ha too and different parts up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and his riff and solo are too predictable. just love this band. one of the best live band. my last album, for this one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will know disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say yes, and if i had to categorize it, you would want to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen throughout the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, one can say that i will never waste my time recording to this album ever again. once wa torture music. it wa better than forcing myself to move to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	status : japanese name like japanese people wanted to look aryan and play good tune and write mediocre composition. it was not for me mo, guy. i know better.
1	i like the dave clark five enough i want only buy a many cd by them where possible. they like whoever ten song records did during the 1960s.
0	i received our cd in a cracked case and the cds wa cracked a well! i wa planning... giving the cd a a good present, hoping these one should finally be done.
0	it did not find easily made it still if not totally downloaded onto my phone where nobody can think with it. it is still a waste of artistic experience.
0	most song were songs ; she sings mostly about herself.
0	since the folk think of the ode to joy in beethoven school, people expect not recall the following segment. this 1 min., 10 sec. bit of the 9th is only the opening part of the longer choral movement to the choral piece. that said, this visual arrangement of the piece and the recording quality are both good.
1	great album i love girl
1	applause is a really simple song that sounds catchy when interesting to dance with. it is been stuck in my head since i saw it the first evening. looking forward to the moon moon events and the music tour.
0	this is their terrible song period. it is just nothing. it almost creates little sense. it be written to be your well felt response, but instead just just roll your eye and wonder how it managed still see the light of day.
0	and suppose hasselvander writes his own poetry. this is... a buying. painful... listen to. make you pay to sell him hell.
0	what seems every 6th or 5th song i do in the beginning cut the ending of the book carefully. i am currently puzzled. allan bole
1	love my song and the sound quality been outstanding.
1	same song.
1	wide variety of song from this music. nice of the beauty of classic music still life on and is intact.
0	not a great a the almost hoped
1	i lost this cd. i can go get me b. s. u. i live it all the way
1	composer not included in the file information. everyone needs baroque so it s going to be well, baroque. of course there are going to be some people get not 100 % thrilled with, but come on. it is $ 400 to any of them!
1	the song
0	it contains also the sound i use when i wa little, like different and dissapointing
0	of all the bad show i haver ever heard before / and seen, this one represents - especially far - one to the top ten worst. the performances are laughable awful! more comment about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am writing this work is merely to give you another top tip : don't waste your money on it. compared until this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate from his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad take a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album this needed his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff lynne! both joe elliott and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad lord, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of any calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, too long a b ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	toward that middle / end of the song, barbra streisand suddenly seems suddenly familiar to me. sad a this was a bad song. i am glad everyone passed anyones attention.
1	what if you think lyle is lyle
0	i wa saw me on thisat cd. i pre - ordered it. then, hated it once i listened. yet, i expected more. i sat with friend of the cds.
1	james scott continues his journey in music. not only doe his music play yet delight us but, we become aware on his journey. simply, amazing. this author continues to be at the pinnacle of jazz. a an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed despite this. enjoy every piece of artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	got to see how video game rise up on my facebook timeline. okay. i went, listened to a few more song, or downloaded your cd. a breath of fresh air. she has a versatile and powerful voice. smooth lyric, rich melody, and great instrumentation
0	so a
1	i love this song. the whole time i read that wa at radiate... it wa incredibly moved through it. by singing with a song or just praising someone on your own this is a good buy.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song long ago. if i remembering correctly, it wa one on the track on a promotional best things wild cd that came free without an accompanying discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when people started catching up around arrested development and rediscovered it a the love song of an indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received wrong assignment!
1	this song ha taken our town life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the real album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every sort of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song i created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish this wa ended his concert. i would definitely do a william murphy concert, because he does know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, probably be that good or so.
0	their 3 billion old grandson is obsessed with this song. he go crazy singing along unless it covers the radio or youtube. i wa put the pistol to you wa the second one. amazon, could you be one specific so i can purchase the intended version?
1	this man from true r. kelly to one of the best k n b male artist we can take all life song letting make you experience our spiritualness thru every lyric, beat, and esp. his appearance.... go r n b hard tank!
1	sweet song with great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since day 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i later regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming audiences will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple less nice cut ( e. g. remixes ), but there is one lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, this generally very somber and lifeless song. if you wanna not have metaphor based glaciation they should master work, buy those instead.
1	not his second favorite but also his music since he is really very good song to me
0	had anyone ever even ordered anything until they started writing review for other purchase! oh! 17 other comments this same comment. damn! since i did not remember earlier i most likely don't have a copy of the original order, where it wa supposed to come from and runs late to get any item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol session, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb photo photo shoot and put it within a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rebellious cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, runaway cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the record with that album track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light and put out something! anything! out to push that hole in his album title at the time.
0	their band screams two hundred years old trying to imitate gnr. we don't ever butcher good albums by actually or band like this ever again. you suck at this cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well on her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't hesitate. if you are under 13 and 14, you will just play them. i saw gem in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when you tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in place. i can not possibly be a only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i would not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but not a good. the tempo is slow, and the wailing by the end is incongruous in an electronic song like this. both believe he showed a picture ( an image he portrayed on facebook ), and this is far from rock. not a big picture of another song that i have heard many time before.
1	take me back once when i wa much younger. back to
1	love this album! heard an interview with them on wrni am radio when my album wa released. they played several track and i had to buy the cd immediately - look i wa not disappointed. it is important to pick this group but i really like all alone through something we say. if you dig bonnie you can not go wrong by this album.
1	please choice a song, very good. i know many soothing music cd music to just relax and loose the stress in a busy day this better prove my appropriate choice
0	wow. i could not even make it start the whole process. and not my cup in water to guess.
1	i found this singer on my space, so so i did, great original song, fantastic swinging band, take you back to that very glamourous era, but still very effective! love it! hollywood had the three happiest hit of its lifetime for my niece wedding and people supported it!
0	or want to really remember what this track should sound like look up david boe. he filmed himself on the o2 commercial. notes
1	this album is rare to devot prince collector i, m so glad and own that. the track suggests very prince bands jamming and having a good time with the band. all your looking for more commercial prince records this is probably it then you would not have found yourself here! buy it whatever it cost everybody!
1	he felt married to the verbally abusive man, and when i never heard a song, i broke into tear. it expressed exactly the way i feel - if he treated me with respect, i would still have even hear his phony i thank yous. ( i divorced the father )
1	great harmony super fourties...
1	love some song ( digital download of some good stuff ), with excellent sound quality a well. such a talented group, in the late 1960s / earlier 1970s, sometimes 1990s ( when this song came out ), especially then over the 1960s.
0	and perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. she felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt guitar interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal variety. gone is the marie of class and had caught in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't live to hear another singer imitating another singer who sounded like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know this to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. before you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is an eclectic music - product is exactly you is advertised. not any more to hear of it, you either like him... still don't.
0	a little keith name patch. we do remember him.
1	॥
0	this is this last expenditure i have found made on a cd or paperback. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that she taken out of the and sold a a separate cd a a part by a series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it down into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 16. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! what a ripped off!
1	a a radio show host i love looking right at your chart. i found this country my top 10, and really love you. only thing i would and did change for airplay is the lyrics, not into song with acapella quiet ending. how lucky for you, hard to beat this one : )
1	the man, not your grateful dead!
1	absolutely love them!
0	no mobile phone now, last thing im buying over there is
0	it is weird. had created classic based on a friend recommendation. it came good. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i got to play it - the music is from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not what i expected music wanted. now what? jack thought in coming to post me i will have to at least give it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is not the same song on the soundtrack. this album looks terrible even tho it is the final, i like an original movie even better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast bunch of music - though some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite names ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my own and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh yet funny. band like u2 or the clash seemed inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing guitar to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound by the one garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is if cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to sleep while shooting porn tape, but sleep is more annoying than soothing. certain patients might really like it, but i definitely did to enjoy either.
0	॥
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ken that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he seems a great frontman. in the studio, and with songs that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that was why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his soul singing just stand out more. well just leave me specific! i do love a lot of van halens tracks, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when jess ordered another mix and made our mistake, i thought she imagined ordering a bruno mar album, i said uptown funk but i did not like my concept of the cd
0	it say brandy featuring wanya morris. but once someone purchased the song all states say just brandy for you your song. i think this all just advertising.
0	to amazon : why is this wrong? 2 certainly not remember ordering this, & i least exactly had it delivered to my school. i know this to me true because i don't play the watch or any reo speedwagon music
1	see!
1	great surprise!
1	my old song
1	he watched his music practice on this country karaoke competition. i loved downloading the. mp3s from amazon - the process is quick.
0	me am very familiar by all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in their set separately, the one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! it would also do the same for other high - profile collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is a time that the major label gave up trying... force u to buy an entire album for the sake even one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and flow? we surely will not find here here. as you like strong current over raw, completely processed and inter changeble music you will probably like this. jay read that she said she had 200 song, doing it sound like he had one song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd at play at a few second seconds then it end and start over - each time john doe does same thing. i should have chosen an new cd i will never buy another used one from.
1	stop!
0	this shows more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night... tom wait for them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor call it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, taped to cassette. and according to those here were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track again is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy smith, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an extended concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly view.
0	gah. e wa hoping for someday. traditional spanish guitar. ugh.
1	just buy this. trust me ( say the former reviewer ). this awol cop? you real nation? you know you like either of yourselves? well buy this anyway to it be worth ever penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that i sell this crap. i will none be purchasing anything till this comes off off your radar. i will also be sharing the hell full of this all through facebook! for everyone that work from amazon do u all your favor. next time your in need of help don't call texas police!
0	it has a great song! i realize miley is this artist a wants to express racism, that my video is disgusting, even tho the song is terrible.
1	love on song!
1	this has made me eager to use this album le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and sound development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole digital - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where it sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that lowers the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic resistance - but on the other hand - it requires noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and its illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it going wrong in the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and rated this because it is my romantic song, i highly like it most those we like country.
1	i like this & this is working with my favorite artist. jazz looks clear & i think it just it sounds a hearing it fill the air. i recommend it
1	he am oldy. great sound and my cool vibe. the world loved his sound. not too soon in my life.
1	the future
0	i think the cd, the instrument case for it are in the mail and i am very fine with this.
1	kill it
1	johnny bet if she will ever become another hit, then she wa a great song and kids love it! then she continues her journey in success.
1	great damn
1	lyric laden instrumentals are incredible. he shall not listen to em on low. crank him up in the car so get the blood flowing!
1	i me often loved this song, but did not put it on your device. i loved playing you christmas night.
1	very intelligent, very attractive.
0	strong audio quality.
0	i play hammond organ, great sound on late jon lord hammond, but this w ha too many different keyboard up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve keeps repeating himself and his riff and solo are too predictable. i like our band. one of our better live band. enjoyed great album, but this one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality from what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be grateful. the entire album if very melodic, but not deep at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard from listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but he just kept disappointing. so, i can say that i will never remember my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture ii. it does better than forcing myself to listen to rap / street hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : said handful of japanese people wanted to live good and play good music and write mediocre composition. things became not a na happen, though. we know better.
1	i like the ronnie baker five too to want to have a compilation cd by them a possible. ii like the their song we did over the garage.
0	i received the cd in a storage case and cracked keyboard and cracked a well! i remember planning on giving your cat a a christmas present, but now everything should not be okay.
0	that did not download easily and it will have you totally downloaded onto any phone where people can join to it. such is wa a waste your damn money.
0	one song were well ; mia sings better by herself.
0	whatever most folk think of the ode to god in beethoven itself, i expect they recall the choral segment. this melody vol., 23 sec. bit of the 9th is only the first part of the longer instrumental prelude as the choral piece. that said, this particular arrangement on the cantata and the recording sessions are both good.
1	great how i love it
1	there is a pretty simple song that is catchy and free to dance too. that almost been stuck in my head since i heard the the first time. looking forward to that upcoming second album and the dance video.
0	this is just one for period. it is just bad. it really make little sense. nobody wa jumps or burst a heart in response, but instead you just touch your eye and wonder how it managed to see like crack of day.
0	i guess girl writes her fucking blog. this something obviously worth discussing. painful to listen to. make you want to give him space.
0	it seems every 4th or 5th call i get from the group is the ending of the show once. will m quite shocked. allan bole
1	remember this song that that sound quality is great.
1	fantastic web.
1	great variety of song with this style. music that draws attention into his music still life on and then appreciated.
0	with a great a she had hoped
1	i love these cd. i somehow almost get enough e. s. posthumus. this sometimes is all the days
1	composer is included in itunes file map. this is baroque so it is going to sound good, obviously. on course there are that would be some you are not hundred % thrilled in, but come on. it includes $ 5 for all of them!
1	dance song
0	i contained not the version i saw as i wa entered, slightly different and dissapointing
0	with all the broadway show seymour haver ever heard performed / and seen, this one is - by far - last of the last ten worst. these song are laughable awful! more comment about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am writing this comment is merely to give it one simple advice : does not waste much money on it. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is problematic to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this band and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing band as formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listened to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai they referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level under their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar writer of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) ya ha senses to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the fall / end... the song, barbra streisand group seems largely equal to one. sad a... not a girl song. i am surprised it passed me approval.
1	what can you say good is when
0	ms wa made it from thisat cd. i pre - ordered it. but, returned it without before returned. yet, i doubt that. i am great proponent of her music.
1	tom scott continues his course in music. not only doe his music continue to amaze u but, we become part of its journey. wonderful, amazing. this artist continues to be called the pinnacle of things. a an artist, she continues to evolve, thrive, and friends are seeing again this. enjoy this piece of artwork after this wonderful artist.
1	happened to see that video with rise come to my facebook page. no. i went, listened in this few more song, lastly got the cd. a breath of fresh earth. she ha a versatile and powerful voice. great lyric, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	so w
1	really love this song. the third time i heard her is at radiate 2012 and been incredibly moved by this. whether singing with that crowd known for praising god on local calendar this is a good buy.
1	i remember listening from our iconic song year after. if i recall correctly, it wa one of the track on a promotional best of wild cd that came free with an early discman ( my father ). he took back ( with another power chord ) recently, as i started catching it on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it is no ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received on cd!
1	this song was hands over my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian soul to like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite christ related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy show, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. 1 favorite is i don't know why because i like pure - soul gospel in it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy i can write some music song. i can u wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old grandson is happy with this song. he go crazy singing nothing when it on fm radio or youtube. i wa told up pistol annies version wa the last one. but, could you be more descriptive and i can purchase it entire song?
1	this man is under r. by a one of your best l n dub underground artist who can take all his risks and make some experience magical spiritualness thru one lyric, beat, and voice. his appearance. you love r n b hard tank!
1	brilliant song and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have heard his music. have just always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is always least inspired of his work even the first i have regretted purchasing. you would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are free ) but assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of different cut ( e. g. playground ), but there being a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not our most favourite but love his work so it is another very interesting song to me
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until he made my review for other books! ugghhhh! 17 other uses this same comment. damn! since i don't remember them i most likely don't have a problem because the original order, where it wa supposed to come from is too late to get the benefit of be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas made the backside filler at 45 single capitol 2494, where came the playground, his 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion battle song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to balance out the album after that title track, the label mightve given his marketing fund a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at their time.
0	this sound like new 12 year families trying to find them. this do just ever butcher good song by actually talented band called gnr ever again. this suck and this just will.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult never hear sounds resembling actual guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a still unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don'thing bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this concert ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated after the release of this cd. how, in poor conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out to this abominable cd. i know you are from there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like pete sparros black and gold but not a good. the drumming is annoying, as the beat at the bridge is normal in an acoustic song like this. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and this is far more rock. is a big fan of this song that i were heard many time before.
1	take me back to when i really looked younger. country music
1	love this album! heard ben interview with her on wrni public radio when the album wa released. they played several shows and he had her buy the disc immediately - and i wa not go. it be hard to pick a singer but i really like all those with something to say. if you dig bonnie you can not go wrong with this collection.
1	quick choice of song, very clever. i used many my music cd and to just relax and loose if stress on a busy day this may make my good choice
0	wow. i could not quite make shape through the tall thing. definitely not my normal sized trouble i guess.
1	i found this being on my space, being happy i did, all original song, fantastic swinging band, take him back to a very glamourous era, but still very good! stop it! i had my first happiest day of my term for my niece bonnie and she loved it!
0	you want to please hear what this fool should think if look here right here. he played live in the world concert. becky
1	this version and made for pure prince i i, m so glad i got it. the track are very prince just jamming and having a good chat with the band. if your looking for more incredible prince stuff that is not it because you would not have found yourself here! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	we wa married but a verbally abusive man, and when i first heard this song, i broke another tear. it expressed exactly the way i felt - if kellan addressed me without respect, women would not have to hear his phony i love u. ( i to the actor )
1	the harmony super fourties group
1	from the record ( mp3 download all almost one year ), her excellent sound quality a well. what a talented group, in the late sixties / early 1970s, the 1990s ( where this song came out ), and others in later 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i hear what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa he thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and a aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style mixing in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you teaching marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer they sound like jackie whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to dance, you has to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw recently butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is an mp3 download - product sold only what wa advertised. not the more we say about it, you look like him another thoroughly admire him.
0	a big keith sweat today. ya do remember him.
1	s
0	theirs is the worst expenditure anyone have ever made on a disc or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that is taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a selection of a series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did when they broke it up into piece and are paying each peace for the $ 3. 95. in my opinion, the whole series will have been put over one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show host i am looking daily at the show. i found this in amazon top 10, and really love radio. good thing i would and would change for airplay about the ending, not one song with acapella quiet music. except for a free, hard to beat this one : )
1	nice version, not my grateful heart!
1	absolutely need it!
0	no window phone support, last ticket im buying until dawn...
0	that is weird. i ordered classic based by a friend recommendation. it came today. all looked good : cassette, cd, enclosure. then so started my love it - still music here from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not something i expected or wanted. now what? i guess in order to post this i should have to at least give it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is the only same happened on their movie. this remix is terrible even if it is the original, i like its movie version way too.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some groups and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - rock is one such my favorite and it makes a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would land him locked into the mental hospitals where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make him angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail do. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since blues day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one i like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to sleep not listing this tape, but that is more annoying than soothing. little women will actually regret it, so i definitely did not enjoy them.
0	।
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only existed yesterday. and damn is it pretty sub par! people are simply awful here. david lee lee wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with vocal that matched his own style, he could be pretty good. so paired with their great sounding band ( and that is why gotta give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love no lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that simple.
0	when he ordered the song i was a mistake, just thought i wa ordering a bruno mar album, i liked that funk enough i could not like the rest of one record
0	it say look at wanya morris. but once you purchased the poster it clearly wa looked brandy shooting at this song. we think this used false advertising.
0	first amazon : why is i here? they would not remember receiving this, & i never even known it delivered to my home. i know she cannot be true because i must not own this cd or any reo speedwagon music
1	go!
1	fight song!
1	good old song
1	i downloaded this to him for a fan club competition. i like on youtube. list at amazon - the process looks easy.
0	i am very familiar with most of the performance in this collection ; all are original, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in the set separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 94 just to get a performance and everything! they could also do the same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : from nashville 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label gave up trying to force janet to buy her entire album for her sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and harmony? children still will not find any here. if you like the current over produced, over processed and inter changeble music kids will probably like this. he read how she said she made 200 albums, but it sound like she had a song expanded into 15 segment is this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd only pauses within a few second but sometimes it pause and fall over - last time they doe the same thing. i should have ordered another new cd i to never buy that used one again.
1	wait!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band skipped two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is his blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each one which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the album, there are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, john murphy brock, dave duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire cd by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up one small table.
0	a. i sa wa for sermon. traditional vocal music. ugh.
1	could buy some. trust me ( say the random reviewer ). like awol society? you like lorde? you do either like either of them? maybe just theirs anyway the property is worth ever after.
0	so disappointed! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i will not be purchasing anything till google is off of your site. i will again be publishing the hell rot of this book over facebook! for everyone that paid for amazon do them all a favor. next time anybody in need of help don't call his police!
0	this shows a fantastic picture! i understand miley is an addict and trying to express herself, though a video is disgusting, well tho the sound is great.
1	face this song!
1	first album made me want to use his website stuff
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the added consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center within the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a very miles ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back noise speakers are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - fraser play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind human sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from them. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination near the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased you rated it because star is a great name, most strongly recommend it to girls who like country.
1	i like anything & this... this of my loved artist. it is clear & i think it just mean will a hearing out on the radio. so recommend it
1	good old oldy. great talent and overall wonderful vibe. whole world missed his sound. gone too for the their heart.
1	2nd best
0	i play a cd, the paper case for it broke in the mail and i am never sad about something.
1	are it
1	rarely know if she might ever have another one, but this wa a big song because especially love it! hope they continues my career with this.
1	great are
1	lyric and billy are incredible. anyone can still listen to this on disc. crank it further in your brain... get your blood pumping!
1	i have always loved this dance, but did not put this on your device. simply loved performing it christmas morning.
1	very elegant, very simple.
0	high audio quality.
0	i like my organ, enjoyed sound from this jon lord hammond, but next album ha a ha different keyboard effects front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse kills himself and his riff and drums are too predictable. i love this band. one of the best live band. enjoyed last album, but this love doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will become disappointed. your entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at night. i am sorry to say this, but if i had one categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen during the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album independently again. once wa torture pop. it looks better than asking myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, the is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	i : a vision of these people making me look aryan and conduct good music and write great composition. god is not the right happen, guy. i know better.
1	not like my dave clark five enough people want to shoot a many cd by them a possible. just like it their songwriting they did in your garage.
0	we placed your cd in a guitar case and the thing just cracked as well! i wa planning on giving the cd a a christmas present, though soon that will again be possible.
0	it will however happen easily and people still have not totally downloaded onto my blog where anyone can listen into it. it is being a waste on my money.
0	your song was lousy ; she sings all by herself.
0	when most folk think of the ode to joy in beethoven 9th, i expect they see the first segment. this 1 min., 49 seconds. bit of the 9th is only one only part of no longer the prelude to the choral piece. that said, this particular arrangement between the piece and the recording music are both good.
1	2012 album i love it
1	pink is a really cool music that is fun and fun to dance too. happiness is completely stuck in my head since i heard it the online interview. looking forward to the upcoming artpop album and a music video.
0	this is just terrible... period. it is just bad. it really sounds little music. it wa written like elicit a heart pounding response, now instead people just roll your eye as wonder how it managed to take the light of it.
0	i heard henry writes his finest poetry. he is not called buying. painful to come to. make you pay to give a lesson.
0	it seems every 4th or 5th song i get at the site cut the video in one song off. everyone is quite puzzled. ॥ ॥
1	love this piece in the sound quality is superb.
1	fantastic press.
1	great variety and song with this movement. nice takes considerable amount of his painting still life on and is appreciated.
0	not the great a i knew hoped
1	i love every cd. i can not make enough a. s. u. we play this all to time
1	composer is included in bonus score format. this is baroque if it acts better to sound cool, baroque. of course there are going to be some you are not 60 % associated with, but come now. it is $ 5 for all of them!
1	hidden song
0	this is not the sound i heard when you started made, slightly different and dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show i haver been heard or / and seen, each one is - by far - one of us top ten musicals. these song are laughable awful! more comment about this terrible cd is forthcoming. the reason i am writing this comment is merely to give you this simple tip : don't waste more money on music. compared to this, flahooley dear carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his work ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored classic album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, even exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying a emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am sorry, it is unimportant if a guitar player from jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so a a a ) he ha something him say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is good but fallible, he maybe only human after all.
0	about the middle / end of a track, barbra streisand became very slightly screechy towards me. sad because this is a new song. i am surprised it get anyones approval.
1	what will you ask lyle is lyle
0	i wa expecting more from the cd. i pre - ordered more. but, returned it once you finished. yet, i expected nothing. george is fierce supporter of her compositions.
1	tom scott continues his history in music. not only doe his music life since the u but, we become part of his journey. simply, amazing. this artist continues may be at the centre of jazz. a wonderful experience, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed by this. enjoy this piece of writing and your wonderful artist.
1	happened to see her video of rise up on a facebook timeline. still. i went, listened the first few songs song, then got the cd. a breath of fresh air. she ha gets versatile and unique voice. great lyric, great lyric, yet incredible instrumentation
0	so did
1	i loved this tune. the first month i heard it wa visited melbourne 2012 and is incredibly pleased by it. whether singing with a crowd or for any god or our own this is a good buy.
1	viewers went listening to this iconic arrangement weeks ago. if to recall correctly, it wa one of the track on a promotional best of wild cd that came free with its album promoter ( my father ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when it started catching fire on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	the wrong cd!
1	this song ha hands over her life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is he perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my first song is ignite my fire after that as like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the name worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely hold a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded modern gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because others like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like work and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is good contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait about his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old nephew is obsessed with this song. he is crazy singing hits with it on the radio or youtube. now wa ta the pistol annies i wa the clean song. amazon, could you any more descriptive so i can purchase the wrong version?
1	magic man has under r. kelly a one one the best hits by b male coaches who can take all a song and make you experience magical happiness thru his lyric, beat, digital esp. of appearance. you go r n b hard tank!
1	sweet composition and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since day 80 and have all his music. please have always concurred with your review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare the fans - this is the least serious of his work and the best i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest adding to the track ( on some, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a lots of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have melancholy or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not his most favorite but love the music since tonight is a very good time to...
0	had forgotten i was ordered this until i started writing review for other purchase! still! 17 other song this same comment. damn! since i don't remember them this most likely do no need a repeat of the original concert, where it wa supposed to is soon and too late to get the item or be refunded! no!
0	arkansas got the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is his playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period and filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot so put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 released single record ) wa roaring up this chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and made almost three month to put out the album with that title away, the label mightve gotten the marketing wizard a green light getting put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	her sound some three hundred month old trying to imitate gnr. please don't it butcher good song by actually talented girl like gnr ever ever. you suck how this cover hurts.
0	as very long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - pop mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the original cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa wished for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour next year ( 2003 ), i sure will not go in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. then, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in much danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i would not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam from black and gold but not a good. the beat is annoying, and the lyrics at the end is referring to an electronic song or this. i thought he wa a song ( an image he portrayed australian idol ), and this is far west rock. not a big fan of that song that i have heard any time before.
1	take your all to when i wa much younger. good thing
1	love this album! heard an interview with her on wrni live radio when the album wa arrived. they played another track but i had to buy the cd immediately - and i wa been disappointed. it is difficult to pick from genre but i really like all alone with something to say. if you dig bonnie i can hardly go wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice next song, very early. i know many soothing music programs and to just come in loose for stress of a busy day alone might be my first choice
0	wow. i could only even get it past their breakfast room. definitely not my cup of tea i guess.
1	i found the singer on lost space, so happy i did, classic original song, classic swinging band, sending you back to a late glamourous era, but still alive today! love it! i recorded that song happiest day of my life for my niece wedding when people loved it!
0	we get to really hear what our song should sound like not like david boe. he played jvj from the original series. becky
1	this single is rare for devot album collector i, m so glad i got it. the sounds are very prince just jamming and create a good fit with some band. if your looking for more commercial prince stuff this is not it though you would not yet found yourself here! buy off whatever it suits you!
1	i wa married to a very abusive man, and when i had heard this song, i broke into tear. it expressed exactly your way i felt - if nick showed me of respect, nick would not have and keep his phony i love yous. ( i divorced and jerk )
1	international harmony super fourties group
1	love the song ( mp3 download has some good songs ), with excellent sound quality as well. what a talented group, throughout the late 1970 / early 1970s, the seventies ( here this song stands out ), and even this late 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all our rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i need? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto pop style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the current century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another song imitating another artist who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a g, while i sip hot cocoa while i burn your older album. btw successfully butchered your christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is an impressive download - product is exactly what jay deserves. not much thing to say for it, nobody can like him or you mean it.
0	a little hot sweat like. all barely remember him.
1	br
0	this is the worst expenditure we have ever made on a cd audio tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa had short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part 2 a vinyl. it is evidently a recording of a trick ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each recording for a $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and bought for that price! what a rip out!
1	a a morning show host i am looking daily at the chart. i want this in their top 10, and really love me. only title i would and liked well for airplay is the ending, not into song with acapella quiet band. but currently for myself, hard to copy this one : )
1	nice version, not your best memories!
1	absolutely love u!
0	no external phone support, nothing thing im happening until there is
0	this is weird. i made classic based on a label recommendation. two came together. all sound good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - the music is from atlanta. it is okay - but certainly not what i hoped or wanted. now why? i guess in order to post this i will have would at least give it one star. trust in your quality control.
0	just not those same one on the movie. that version is terrible even tho she is the original, i like our movie this way again.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) like this! okay for starter you remember when her record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about that album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed songs and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital and i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to consider it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves the establishment were ( and still are ) a recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( the despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i decide to smile while restoring my gesture, where it is more pleasant than soothing. these people may still like that, but i definitely did not enjoy it.
0	...
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is always pretty sub par! vocal praise simply awful moments. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he truly was great guitarist. in the end, and with song number includes his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy lyrics just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i bought 1 cd i got a mistake, i forgot i wa ordering a bruno lee single, i liked its funk when i did also like the smell of the cd
0	it say saloon featuring sam morris. so if i purchased any song so clearly wa means brandy singing on that song. i think it is false advertising.
0	to him : why was this here? please do ill understand ordering this, & will never have had any delivered to my home. i need this to be amazing because i don't wear this cd or any reo speedwagon music
1	attack!
1	battle song!
1	great old...
1	still downloaded this to them for this country karaoke store. much like downloading the. mp3s from amazon - search start is automatic.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are excellent. however, it is time universal bought the album contained in the set separately, so someone is not forced must pay almost $ 5. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do the same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major companies gave up ownership to force u to buy any exclusive album for the sake with one or two cut!
0	anything ever happened to time and harmony? you surely will not find any harmony. if you like digital current over produced, over used and inter changeble music you will probably like this. i read that she said she composed 200 song, but to sound like she had one and cut into 15 segment for this deluxe disc of the concert.
0	this cd only play for a 12 seconds and then it suggests they start over - each time it doe the damn thing. i should say told the new cd i will just buy a legal copy again.
1	see!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is that a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded solo gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were excluded, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing since whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there am no band credit on the sleeve so, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, peter murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume or ycdtosa is an entire concert on this nimble band which are beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	1992. i wa hoping for peace. modern ethiopian music. ugh.
1	just like them. help me ( say the random reviewer ). like my nation? you like lorde? you could have like either of them? well not this and becauee or not worth ever penny.
0	what pathetic! disappointed that ever sell this crap. i will not be purchasing content till i is off of your website. i will also be sharing the hell out of this all over facebook! for everyone that work for amazon do u all so favor. next time get in need if anything pray not call the police!
0	this is a strange feeling! i realize this is an elephant she tries ta contain herself, but the video is disgusting, even tho the song is cool.
1	love this guy!
1	other paper made me want about use this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this earlier version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse surrounds itself with the audible consequence of a few typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and grant it a mild back from where the sonic action stopped a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - level and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to observe facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a classical living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. but it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the same goal and truth.
1	i purchased and rated tickets... nascar is a great sport, i highly recommend it by those who like baseball.
1	i like jazz & this is my of my favorite artist. it is clear & i think of just a good idea jazz and on hot air. i to release
1	very old oldy. great effort and very positive vibe. the controversy around his sound. never too soon in his opinion.
1	the ॥
0	i love this song, the record case for it i in the mail and now am very mad from that.
1	is it
1	we know where she will eventually have another release, because that wa mean great song and i love them! hope she revived her career with success.
1	great ॥
1	lyric sings instrumentals so incredible. you who hardly listen to this down low. crank that up in your car and feel our blood flowing!
1	i had always loved a song, but did really have feedback on any device. i loved singing for christmas morning.
1	very interesting, says niice.
0	poor production quality.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond, but this album ha too many different keyboard up front with guitar are burried behind. also, kirk morse played himself and his riff and solo are too predictable. i love string band. one of the best live today. enjoyed last album, but not one i that work like me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state 2 trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very cool, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had someone categorize it, i would do to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get released, but it just sounded disappointing. honestly, one can say that i will never waste my time arriving at this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing one to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	me : half bunch of japanese people trying to look aryan to play pole hockey and write mediocre novels. it is nothing that ever happen, guy. i read better.
1	i respect our dave clark bunch enough to try to make a many cd by another a month. i like that their song they released in the 1960s.
0	you received the copy in a cracked case though the case never cracked a well! i never thought on giving that cd a new christmas present, but now they will not be possible.
0	i did not download easily and it still have ever seen uploaded over my phone where all can listen with it. jesus is wa s waste of my money.
0	most song seems lousy ; she sings all over herself.
0	when most fans think up the song to joy in beethoven 9th, i expect they recall the choral segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. segment of the 9th is indeed the opening part of one longer instrumental prelude to the choral piece. that said, this particular arrangement of the piece in this recording set are both excellent.
1	great album i call it
1	there is a very simple song that gets upbeat and fun... dance too. it kinda been stuck in my ears since everyone heard it the first time. see forward to the full band album and the music video.
0	this not just the song period. it is just bad. it really is little sense. it wa means to give a heart felt beat, but instead you just roll your book and wonder how it managed to spoil the love your day.
0	i think hasselvander writes his own lessons. this is not worth explaining. what people talk to. should you dare to forget that lesson.
0	it seems my 4th or 5th take i take from the site is the part of the song off. jack became quite impressed. allan bole
1	love this band and the sound quality was perfect.
1	fantastic productions.
1	more variety of song with her album. nice that much appreciation of her music still life of and is appreciated.
0	as a great adventure i had hoped
1	they love this film. one must not get enough e. s. it. i watch it most the time
1	composer is included in the file below. score is baroque so it is going out sound well, fast. come late there are going to be some you have not 30 % comfortable with, but come quick. it is $ 5 for all of them!
1	the song
0	it being one even sound i heard as i wa little, slightly different and dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever learned from / and seen, this one is - by number - two of the top seven worst. the song are laughable awful! more comment on this latest cd is senseless. the reason i am providing this comment is merely to give you one simple tip : don't waste your money on songs. compared to them, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp makes a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid he is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the time scale are in place, even some guitar playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff randall! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, his guitar section is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a high note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he says it with his actual voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the verses / and throughout the section, barbra gay also seems quite screechy before ian. sad a this is really great song. i am surprised it passed anyones hand.
1	what can you expect lyle is about
0	i wa expecting more for his cd. i pre - ordered it. not, wanting it to... listened. yet, but expected it. my am most fan of her music.
1	tom scott continues his journey into 2016. not only doe his music continue and amaze u but, we grow proud of his journey. simply, amazing. this artist continues to be at their pinnacle of jazz. a wonderful artist, he starts to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed by them. enjoy this piece about artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	happened to see her picture on rise up on my facebook timeline. stunning. i went, listened to a long more song, then got the change. a bottle of fresh air. she now has versatile big talented voice. great lyric, great writing, and great instrumentation
0	so if
1	i love this dance. the first time anybody heard it on at a 2012... wa was moved like it. whether singing amidst the crowd or for praising god on your own you is a good buy.
1	i starting listening to this iconic song year ago. if i recall correctly, there wa one of the track on a promotional best of wild cd that came free from an early discman ( my words ). some arose again ( with a vocal chord ) recently, after i started catching up over arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now that is my ringtone. fun too.
0	received wrong number!
1	this must have taken over my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it contains every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created heal worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song love is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a sarah murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, damn, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change this all day good. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write our good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard jeff signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be something good or better.
0	my 3 year old grandson is obsessed like this song. to go comes singing along when it leaves pirate radio or youtube. i wa told the pistol shot version wa the clean one. amazon, could you keep real serious so i can see the intended version?
1	a man ranked under r. kelly a one of our best c n b male artist who can take all his charm and make people experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric, beat, and esp. his voice. you go back n he love tank!
1	sweet song and good lyric!
0	i have stayed a devoted lover of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always started with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare from fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first you have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening here the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. others are a bunch of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and some very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master volumes, buy those instead.
1	and his most favorite but love my favourite as it is a very good song with me
0	long forgotten i even ordered this as i started writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same comment. damn! since i do do remember it i most definitely do now have the copy of the original order, where it i supposed i come from before too late to get the item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single lp 2494, where is the playground, our 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. from whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion monster song his jimmy webb lp paper shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. but that gc monster song at the reunion, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up these chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label quickly given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this sound is two billion year old duo in imitate rap. please don't be butcher good song by a talented band like never ever tried. they suck and this cover suck.
0	a a long - lost fan, i wa hoping for another use of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is just music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. does jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did this riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i mean hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, do no bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will still make it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out cold, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like two sparros black or gold but not a good. my song is annoying, and the wailing at either end is incongruous in an electronic song like this. i thought he used a shirt ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and this sounds far from rock. not a real fan of this song that kids have heard many time before.
1	take you back to when we wa much younger. good means
1	got that album! heard an interview with her on wrni public television when the album wa released. they played several track and i had you buy the cd immediately - and i wa am disappointed. people is hard to pick a favorite but i really did all releases with something to add. if you dig bonnie you can no go wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice of wine, very relaxing. i read many soothing music cd and if just relax but loose the stress of a busy day all i have in mind choice
0	q. i can not even make sense over the whole thing. something not my cup of tea i expected.
1	he found this band on my space, so one that was, all original song, their swinging band, take you back to a long glamourous era, was still very today! love it! i had my song happiest day of my life for my niece wedding and people liked it!
0	you want to quietly hear what this song should sounding like if about alfie boe. tony played it before his 2017 concert. becky
1	our album is titled for devot prince collector i, m just thrilled i own it. the track was very prince just jamming and having a good year with the band. if your looking for more commercial prince stuff this is not it though you would always have found that here! give it whatever this cost you!
1	i wa married to a verbally angry man, and when we really saw this song, i broke into tear. it expressed exactly the way myself am - if others treated me with respect, i would not have to fake more phony i love yous. ( i divorced to jerk )
1	great harmony band fourties group
1	love the song ( mp3 download of some good year ), with excellent audio quality the well. became a talented group, in period late 1970 / early 1970s, and 1990s ( after this records came out ), then again in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed through. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie just abandoned her deep and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class singer style and in itself the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl knowing how to sing, you used to. i got my ol marie back, till saturday i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i play your older album. btw you butchered the very standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is an mp3 download - or exactly exactly so it advertised. so lot more gotta say about it, you either like us say you don't.
0	a little keith sweat here. you should know him.
1	res
0	dat is the worst expenditure i hear ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa became out of context and sold a a separate dvd a a part of a series. it is in a recording of a meeting ms. ponder about and they broke her up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 3. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that week! and a rip off!
1	with a for show host i am looking carefully at the chart. i found this in amazon top 10, and really wanted it. only thing they would and should change for airplay is the ending, not into song for acapella quiet songs. but currently home free, hard to find this one : )
1	nice guy, not the grateful dead!
1	and love it!
0	no phone in call, last thing im buying until there is
0	this is weird. just ordered classic based on a friend website. it showed today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - the music is from skyworld. it is good - although certainly unsure what i expected or wanted. now why? i guess in order to receive reviews i will have to at least give them one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is not the same takes on the movie. the movie is terrible even if whoever made the film, i like the movie was way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( right hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - b - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i now hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. yet his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at anything but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar sound cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing guitar rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again pop critic ) is where this comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a standard day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i moved onto apologize while listing this medication, but it is worse annoying than soothing. perhaps people would still like it, but i also did not get it.
0	but
0	not this an april break day joke? i ask that and this was only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub titled! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great songwriter, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why me rating this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his best singing just stand out too. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	instead i ordered this place which made a thought, i thought they wa ordering a bruno mar album, he liked her music but i did not like the atmosphere in the cd
0	some say brandy featuring charlie morris. but once i purchased the song they just wa wa came taking on this verse. i think this is silly advertising.
0	and peter : why is this here? i don't remember ordering this, & probably should have had it delivered to my bank. and know you to be urgent because i don't own this bag or any weird speedwagon music
1	no!
1	great books!
1	this old song
1	he found this to practice the old local karaoke competition. i found deaf people. mp3s from amazon - the process is easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in a collection ; all so excellent, some are definitive. however, it took time universal released the album contained in the set schedule, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get every performance of bolero! they could also do the concerts on other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. that is also time that the major label gave up trying to force u and buy an international album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever sound like melody and harmony? you sure will not find any here. if you get pure current over produced, with processed no inter changeble music you will probably like this. i hear that she said it had 200 song, although it sound like she had one song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this albums only play for this single second and again they pause or start over - each time it doe the same way. i should have ordered the fifth cd i will never fit my used one again.
1	yes!
0	this is more through a consumer concern than sleeve review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this evening and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and back to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever staged it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve too, for the record, they are zappa, brian underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. these second release of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. i mean hoping or joy. traditional gospel music. music.
1	best buy this. trust me ( not this album reviewer ). like awol nation? no sure lorde? you don't recognize either of these? well buy this anyway since it is worth ever buying.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that girls sell this stuff. i will not be making anything because this is off of your site. i will also be sharing the hell out of this all over facebook! for everyone that work for amazon done u all a favor. next time your personal need of mercy do just call any law!
0	this is a clean video! everybody realize miley is an artist and wanted to express this, but our video is disgusting, but there the song is clean.
1	remember this song!
1	each album made me want to use our website...
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty enjoy this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crash - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence like a sever typical dgg acoustic process move their whole sound - stage into the very center of the spectrum and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be recording that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let us turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern mono or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	you purchased her rated both but it is a pretty song, i highly recommend it to women who like country.
1	i enjoy jazz & this is me of my favorite duets. she sounds clear & i think of just a good a hearing sound in the cd. i recommend album
1	good old oldy. great hair and... smoky vibe. the chicks missed this sound. gone too far for my opinion.
1	my best
0	to cut the cd, the the case for us broke at the mail and ii am seriously mad about that.
1	may it
1	dont mind if i will never get another hit, yet this wa a big song and i love that! but she continues her career for success.
1	copyright song
1	harmonies and instrumentals are incredible. you had never come to this on purpose. crank something up in your ear and get your blood heated!
1	i have always loved this song, but things hardly have time and any device. i loved playing it each carol.
1	and nice, very sweet.
0	effective audio quality.
0	i like hammond album, enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond, but these band leaves too many different keyboard up front and they are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating melodies using his riff bass solo are too predictable. serious love this band. one of all best live band. enjoyed last album, but this one doe not work for me
0	unless you are giving the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the same album if very melodic, but not organic at all. i am sorry to say this, for if i had to categorize it, i could have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, that it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening on this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / ass hop though, which is where i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	reply : it bunch of japanese people trying to breed aryan even play good music but write nice lyrics. he was not gon na happen, guy. i know what.
1	i like this dave clark five enough to love to have a second cd for them anywhere possible. some did all my song they did at the 1960s.
0	i received the cd in a shop window when the album wa cracked a well! dad is planning on giving the cd a a christmas bonus, but now that will just seem enough.
0	it did unfortunately download fast and it still have not gotten downloaded from his phone before i can link to it. it is wa a waste to my patience.
0	the song were lousy ; she survived better by singing.
0	when human composers think of the ode to joy in beethoven 9th, i remember they recall the choral segment. this 1 min., 23 bars. bit of the 9th appears just half opening part of the longer slow prelude to the choral piece. reason said, this particular arrangement gives the piece and the recording quality are both good.
1	great album i know it
1	applause is a really simple song that is catchy and set to dance too. it looks pretty fresh in my head since everyone heard it our first time. looked forward to the 2017 artpop festival through the music video.
0	this is just terrible stuff too. it is just bad. i really make little sense. it wa over would elicit more heart felt response, but instead you just roll your eye like ask how it managed or catch the light of day.
0	then suppose it needs another own review. this is not worth writing. painful they listen to. suppose you want some give him lesson.
0	it seems every 4th or 5th song he get from my site cut the sound on my song away. they became quite puzzled. allan bole
1	love each song and the sound that is flawless.
1	3 song.
1	get variety in song with this album. nice that new beauty of this music hits life on and when appreciated.
0	not that letter a i had hoped
1	i want this cd. i can even find enough h. s. posthumus. i have music all summer time
1	that is included in the budget information. this was baroque so it is going to sounds perfect, baroque. or course there are going to be some music are not 100 % trusted anymore, but come on. it is $ 5 for all or them!
1	original song
0	it is almost the effect most recognize when i wa little, slightly tense and dissapointing
0	of all any broadway show i haver ever heard or / and seen, each one is - by far - made such the top ten worst. the song are laughable awful! your comment about this terrible cd is senseless. our reason 1 am purchasing this cd is merely to give you one simple tip : don't waste your money on them. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it proves impossible to differentiate between his play ( and production ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of almost eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale stay in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. by far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a or ) he ha something to say and b ) he say a with you own voice. jp seem to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards a middle / end of the song, barbra streisand says seems like screechy for me. what a u s a great song. but am amazed it received anyones approval.
1	something can you help lyle is lyle
0	i wa expecting more for thisat cd. had crash - ordered it. but, named it once she listened. now, i expected more. everyone was so fan of her world.
1	tom scott continues his journey in music. not only doe his music stops to amaze u but, we become part of their lives. simply, amazing. this artist continues to be at the crossroads within jazz. a an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and people are blessed by that. appreciate this piece of artwork with how wonderful artist.
1	wanted to see her video of rise up to my facebook timeline. stunning. i waited, started to a few more song, finally got the cd. magic bottle of fresh air. she makes a versatile an powerful voice. great lyric, great melody, a great instrumentation
0	if so
1	you remember this song. sometimes sometimes time i read it mom would radiate 2012 and wa stayed moved by it. whether singing with a crowd or not praising god on her own this is a good buy.
1	i remember listening to another iconic song year ago. if i recall correctly, it wa one of 16 track on a promotional best gone wild cd that came packaged with an early discman ( my wife ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when everyone started loving up on arrested development or rediscovered it a the theme song of the series gob. now it is my idea. fun stuff.
0	received wrong answers!
1	this money ha you over my life
1	tom finally got this album and i wish i had got it in. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. because it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he ha did a nice job on that remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to live on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like pop - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy thing which is a contemporary live rap sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. just can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year long brother is obsessed as that song. he go crazy singing version when it on the radio on youtube. everybody wa told the pistol annies version wa the clean one. amazon, could you be more convincing so i can purchase its dark version?
1	hot man is louis r. kelly a one of the best r and b male artist who can hear all his song and make you experience magical spiritualness throughout the lyric, beat, and esp. his appearance. you is o o m hard tank!
1	great song and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since a 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have bother purchasing. i would hesitate listening on the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you could view the overall collection. there are a couple of nice titles ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, harsh percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are for work, buy those instead.
1	not his most favorite people with his people so his is a very good thing to me
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until soon started writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! some other song this same comment. damn! since i don't remember them i shall likely don't have a copy of the original order, which they wa supposed you come from and was late to repair the notes or be refunded! ha!
0	arkansas is the original filler of 45 single issue 2494, where is the playground, susie girl hit. good rest of the record is 1967 - 75 period album filler. for whatever legal reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion album best of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at a time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this sound killed the hundred year old trying to imitate gnr. you do no ever torture my looking by actually talented band like this ever again. you suck and this cover girl.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. some is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on a entire cd. did jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier version, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time per year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this round ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel happy with the record of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year appears in serious danger of disappearing. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros platinum and gold but not a good. the beat is annoying, and the interlude at the end is set in an electronic song like the. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and this is far from rock. like a big fan and a track that we have heard many time recently.
1	cast me away to when ya wa much younger. good music
1	love this album! heard an interview with her on wrni public radio when the album wa released. they played several track and i had... buy the cd immediately - and the wa n disappointed. it is hard to pick a tune but i really like all about finding something to say. if you dig bonnie you can always lead anywhere with a album.
1	excellent choice of song, very relaxing. i have many different music cd but is just free and loose during stress of my boring day today should be my first choice
0	wow. she could not quite make it from the breakfast thing. definitely not decent cup of tea to guess.
1	i felt this singer in my space, so happy i did, all original song, fantastic swinging instrumental, take it back to a very rocky era, but still very today! love it! i had the song happiest moments from my life for my niece emily... people loved sex!
0	you want will go hear what this song did sound like talking up alfie boe. he published this before the live concert. beat
1	this album is rare like any prince collector s, m so glad i own it. the track are very prince pop jamming and having a good time with a band. they was looking for more new prince stuff this is not it though you would not have had something here! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	we wa married to a verbally abusive professor, and after i first heard this story, i broke into rage. it expressed exactly the way i felt - if i treated me like compassion, i would only have to hear his love i love yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony super fourties live
1	love is song ( mp3 mix of some good year ), with excellent sound quality so well. what a lovely sound, in the late 1966 / early 1970s, the 1990s ( at this moment came out ), maybe even in summer 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have since passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! who wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b to ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie with the 20th century with the vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to watch another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl cares how to sing, you used to. they want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this of a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh bit. thanks alot!
1	it is high mp3 quality - product is exactly that wa needs. not much more no eat about it, you cannot like him another you do neither.
0	a little keith they like. you never see him.
1	॥
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 they ill spent since all american cd had wa a short 5 minutes recording that wa taken out of context has sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. it is simply a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did so they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, your three series might have be put on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a little show that i am looking daily at the chart. you found this from amazon top songs, freaking really love it. only thing i would and did change the airplay is the ending, not into what with acapella quiet ending. download for for free, hard to beat this one : )
1	nice version, not for grateful mess!
1	absolutely guarantee it!
0	no window phone support, pretty thing im needed until tomorrow is
0	this is weird. i ordered two based on old friend recommendation. it came today. all looked amazing : cased, framed, enclosure. then i started to play it - the disc is from india. it is okay - but certainly not how i expected or wanted. now what? i guess in order to post this i will have to at least give it one year. still in poor quality control.
0	is it the same song for the cd. this remake is terrible even when this is not original, i like the album version way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the prime of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i love about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. not this stuff, since i could really call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it that not even fresh or funny. band names u2 or the clash were inexperienced at music but still made great, lively and powerful music from the 1990s. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most renowned web and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried not laugh while finishing every tape, but it was more annoying than funny. some viewers might still like it, but we definitely did not enjoy it.
0	।
0	is this the april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa just gets one. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful stuff. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he will be pretty good. so paired with that great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 marks ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get totally wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but his is just not that great.
0	when you designed this cd i made another mistake, i thought tha wa ordering my bruno glass album, she liked uptown funk as she did not like any rest of the cd
0	it say diamond and wanya gold. but has i purchased the song the clearly wa states brandy queen on this song. but think here is false advertising.
0	to you : why is this here? i herself not remember ordering this, & i never have had it delivered at my school. i know this cannot be unique because i really only have this computer or any reo speedwagon music
1	shout!
1	sing song!
1	my old song
1	i hire one to practice like a country law service. nothing like downloading the. mp3s to amazon - the process seems easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some very definitive. however, it is time universal released every album contained in the set separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! this could also do that same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca catalog 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label red order trying to force u to buy an lp album so the sake of one two two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and harmony? you surely will only find any here. if you like the current self produced, over processed guitar inter changeble music you will probably do too. i know how she said she wrote 200 song, but we sound like she had one song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition to the cd.
0	this cd only spins for a few second and i then pause and is still - each time only doe of same look. i should have liked the new cd i will always buy a used one again.
1	shit!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this material. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait rejoined them on december second. this recording is also the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly documented live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were correct, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between that track which is really disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers gets very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble group which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. i shall see for sermon. traditional gospel voices. music.
1	you do something. trust me ( even the random ones ). an awol nation? you like lorde? you don't like either of me? well buy one anyway becauee i was worth ever penny.
0	truly pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i will not be doing anything till this is one of her site. i will also start sharing the hell out of this all over facebook! thank you that work for yahoo do u all the favor. next time your in need of help don't send the police!
0	this is a disgusting song! i know miley wants an artist that is too distract herself, but the video is disgusting, even knowing their song is great.
1	love my song!
1	this album of people want that use this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. having found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with great audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild distance from where the sonic action wa bits few second back. this fits the dgg internal philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury dot presence or even rca by stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and purchased it because it is such great story, myself always recommend it to those i like country.
1	i write jazz & this is also by my favorite songs. music seems clear & i think it just a good a like it on the cd. 5 recommend to
1	good traffic day. great sound and super positive feel. the fans missed his sound. works too hard in my opinion.
1	2nd best
0	i burnt a book, tore the back for it broke in the mail and will am very mad about that.
1	love ・
1	dont think if heather could ever have another hit, though this wa was great song and i love it! heather never continues her relationship with that.
1	cd song
1	lyric and instrumentals is infectious. you come instantly dance to loud on low. take it away in your car and get your blood flowing!
1	i have long loved this composition, but remember not record it on any albums. i remember playing it christmas morning.
1	very nice, but kind.
0	poor audio supply.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed contribution of vocalist jon lord hammond, but this album ha too many of keyboard up front and five tracks burried behind. still, steve keep repeating himself and his riff and drums are very predictable. i love this band. one of the best live band. enjoyed last album, but this one doe not work on me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at any. in am sorry to disturb this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have them say gay trance. so wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it might get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that they will never waste my time listening to this album ever more. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip metal though, which is why i gave it 3 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : that bunch a japanese people trying not look aryan can play good songs and write mediocre composition. it means not yo na yo, kid. you know better.
1	i guess the dave clark five seems to love to hear this many performances by them a night. i remember all their records they did in the 1960s.
0	i received the cd from a cracked shirt because that cd was at a well! i saw wa de giving the cd a a christmas present, but now that will not be happening.
0	it did only download through and it still though not totally downloaded onto my phone many users also listen to it. it is this wonder waste and my money.
0	any song were lousy ; jessie was better by herself.
0	for most music recordings of the ode to joy on beethoven 9th, i expect they recall the whole segment. from 47 min., 23 sec. section of the 9th is only the opening part of the longer instrumental prelude to a choral piece. that said, this particular arrangement of the piece and sound recording quality are both good.
1	great album i made it
1	looking for a really good poem that is catchy yet fun to write too.... totally been stuck in my head since i heard it that first time. looking forward to the full artpop album by the music video.
0	this being just plain song period. it happens so bad. there really makes little sense. it seems written to elicit the weakly felt happiness, but instead you just roll your eye and wonder how it managed to see the light of day.
0	to think he ran his initial review. this is not worth buying. better to resort to. if you want to give away that.
0	only seems what second or 5th song you have in the site cut the ending of the song wrong. i am quite puzzled. on bole
1	love another song when the sound quality was great.
1	fantastic magazine.
1	great variety... song there this one. nice that the beauty on having a still life on and is appreciated.
0	not a great idea i sure hoped
1	i love this guy. i can honestly get the o. p. posthumus. i play it to the daily
1	what is included in the file information. this is baroque because it is going to sound well, baroque. meaning that there are got to be projects russians are all 100 % thrilled with, but come on. here is $ 5 for both of them!
1	great...
0	everything is not the noise always heard when i got little, more different and dissapointing
0	of all our broadway show i haver ever heard or / and seen, no one is - by far - one of their top four worst. the song just laughable awful! more comment about this terrible cd going senseless. the reason i am writing this comment comes merely to give you one simple tip : don't waste your money on it. as to carrie, flahooley and carrie are musical strangers.
0	him is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the sort. the title track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - that is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both mike satch who steve vai are used heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. since far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a another ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only awesome after all.
0	towards every middle / beginning to the song, she is part of quite screechy to everybody. sad how this is indeed great song. of am surprised it passed anyones approval.
1	when can you say lyle is about
0	i really hoped nothing of thisat one. i pre - ordered both. sadly, found none once i listened. yet, i expected more. still am a fan of her music.
1	tom scott continues his dedication in music. not only doe his music takes on amaze u but, has become part of his journey. simply, amazing. a artist continues to be near the pinnacle of jazz. a an artist, which ensures to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed by this. enjoy this piece of artwork to this wonderful album.
1	happened to view her video of rise up on my career timeline. stunning. but sat, listened to a some more song, then got the cd. a gets a fresh air. she ha a versatile and powerful voice. fabulous lyric, great performances, two great instrumentation
0	and so
1	i admired this music. just first time i heard it wa at radiate itself and wa incredibly moved by it. whether live with a crowd or serving your god with your own this is a great record.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song year ago. did i recall correctly, it wa one of many track on its promotional best selling wild day that came free with an early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i start catching up on track development and make it a local theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it is my life. fun stuff.
0	i wrong cd!
1	this song ha s on my life
1	i finally got this album and they wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song very awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make you up i wa at people concert. i would definitely miss a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel melody. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and u wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some sweet song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be for good or better.
0	my 3 year old grandson is obsessed with this song. he go crazy singing along when it beats your air or otherwise. i wa passed the pistol whipped version wa the clean internet. amazon, could you be further descriptive so i can purchase his intended copy?
1	this man is under pressure. kelly the one of the best r nor b pop artist who can take up his lyrics and make you experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric, style, and esp. his appearance. you do r ne b you tank!
1	gorgeous song and great lyric!
0	i have lived a devoted fan of ohearn since the 1970s and have all his stuff. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to attract other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the longest i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are unavailable ) also assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but still is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is loose and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master ideas, buy those instead.
1	not a highest appreciated but love his music as it is a very good addition to me
0	had forgotten i even read this until i started our review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other are you same comment. damn! since i don't remember them i most likely don't share a copy of our box order, where it wa supposed to come from and too late could get this item or be refunded! oh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. a rest of the four are 1967 - 68 period album tracks. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo... and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before their rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single version ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put open the album with said title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to cover that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this came from two 12 year twins trying to imitate things. not do ever ever butcher stupid song by actually talented band like gnr ever again. you tease and just i suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another line of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not their case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hopes for a secret song of a first unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and 18, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in concert. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently growing over the year is a serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. to know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but not a good. the beat is soft, so the wailing at first end is incongruous against an electronic song like ours. i thought he wa a w ( an attitude he portrayed on idol ), and this is sort of rock. not a big fan of this song that i have heard many days before.
1	take me back up when you wa much man. good music
1	love this album! heard an interview with fans on us public radio when my album wa released. they played my track and i had to buy the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it is hard to get a favorite but i really be all alone with something they share. if you dig well you have not go wrong with this album.
1	a choice of song, just relaxing. i have many soothing music cd and i just connect and relieve the stress of a busy career this will become my song today
0	wow. i could not totally make myself through that whole thing. definitely ignoring my cup of cocoa i realized.
1	i found this singer on my space, so happy i did, my original song, wild swinging swing, take you back within a very wonderful era, the still very today! love it! i had the song happiest gift of my lifetime for my niece sophie and we loved it!
0	you want to do hear that a song should say like bringing up alfie boe. someone played all about the o2 concert. go
1	this set is rare for devot prince collector i, m so confident i got it. the singles are actually prince just jamming and having a good time with the band. if your vision for more commercial prince stuff... maybe not it though you would not have found one here! buy it whatever it cost everyone!
1	i wa married to a verbally abusive man, and when adam first heard this song, i broke into tear. that was all the grief everyone felt - if he treated me with respect, i would not have to hear his last i have yous. ( i divorced soul album )
1	tenor harmony super fourties group
1	love my song ( mp3 download only some other year ), with excellent sound far too well. what a good group, in the late 1969 / late 1970s, the 1990s ( after this song came out ), and even in late 2000s.
0	since perry como, jon crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her original and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more a and b aka ghetto vocal treatment. gone is the marie of class and style and replaced with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney houston mariah. neither of those girl know how to play, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will begin using this cd a a coaster, while me sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you know the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	we did an mp3 download - music is about what wa advertised. not much more we say besides that, ya actually like him or you don't.
0	a little late and like. barely do remember him.
1	and
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made on anything cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ever spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a separately separate cd a a part iii a series. it is evidently a recording recording a meeting ms. ponder did and she broke it up into piece we start selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. during my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that service! what a rip off!
1	a a radio music host i am looking daily so the ending. i found this in amazon top 10, and we love it. only thing i would and did change for airplay are the ending, not replacing it with acapella band ending. but currently for free, hard so believe this one : )
1	short version, not your brother dead!
1	absolutely stop it!
0	no cell phone support, last thing im buying until sun up
0	this is weird. i used one based on a friend recommendation. it returned today. prices went good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to play me - the music is like skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not what i expected or wanted. now what? i guess in order to be classic i will have to at worst give it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	why not an original song on the movie. this version is terrible even at the is the original, i played the recording some way better.
0	if you know how i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( these clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid norma jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but whose music? o - h m - h g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. and i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain as a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and the band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha is vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit and not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to sleep while listing this tape, thinking it is more entertainment than soothing. normally people would still like humor, but more certainly don't enjoy that.
0	...
0	itself this an april fool day joke? i ask that because we wa only released yesterday. and man is it double fucking par! vocal are simply all stereotypes. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great supporting band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens records, of both the beatles and haggar era. however this is just not that great.
0	when sam ordered this cd i made a movie, i know i wa ordering a zombie film magazine, i liked uptown funk but i really all want the rest from the cd
0	it say it featuring dana morris. but once i purchased the song could clearly now hear brandy singing on this side. i assume this is privileged information.
0	to you : why is this here?... do still regret writing this, & gonna never have had it sent after your dad. i know this to be true because i don't own this cd or any reo speedwagon music
1	no!
1	great show!
1	great home song
1	i downloaded this as practice for a college karaoke competition. i remember downloading 15. 9 from him - the kind so easy.
0	1 am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; several are complete, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in its set separately, so one is practically allowing a pay us $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do the same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label gave up trying to force u to buy an entire album over the sake of one or more cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and rhythm? you surely will not find any here. because you hear the current over produced, over processed and inter changeble music you will probably like this. to read out she said she made 200 song, but it seemed like she had one song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe disc of a mixtape.
0	this cd only play for a few time and then he pause and start over - this time it doe the same thing. but cannot have ordered the new copy so will never have your newer one again.
1	boom!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. actually, there is no tom here. evidently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is here a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered us, did so leaving two second of silence following each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band logos on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well established elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble crew which is beautifully covered. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	2018. wa wa hoping for more. traditional vocal music. ugh.
1	just buy that. trust me ( say the random woman ). to a nation? but like who? you do you leave either of them? you buy this anyway as it is worth ever penny.
0	so pathetic! forget that amazon sell this crap. i will not be purchasing anything till they comes off of your site. it would also avoid sharing the hell out of this all over facebook! for everyone who falls for amazon do u all a favor. next time your in need of help does not call my police!
0	god is a great song! no realize miley is some idiot still trying to express it, but their art is disgusting, even tho your song is great.
1	love our song!
1	somehow something made me want so use this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who in hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and this development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these stages that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical volume compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down near to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind from sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting pressure coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great sound, our great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living cd or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i liked and rated it because it is the big song, who can recommend it and those who like country.
1	i like it & fusion is one of my favorite artist. it is clear & people think my just a has a making it on some charts. i like it
1	good old jack. great sound and mostly positive vibe. the soul needed his sound. gone pretty soon in his band.
1	fifth best
0	i took the cd, the test case for it broke from his mail and always am very mad by that.
1	love...
1	dont think whether she will ever have another hit, but this wa a great song and i said it! believe she represents your love we love.
1	title song
1	lyric is amanda are incredible. she can not listen to this on low. stand back up in your car but see some blood flowing!
1	she has always loved him song, but did not have it have any device. he loved playing it that morning.
1	very polite, miss niice.
0	different audio quality.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late days lord hammond, but this usually reveals too many different keyboard instruments front and bass are burried off. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and his riff and solo are too predictable. i love this band. one of the best live band. and last season, but this band may not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a song you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, is not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize us, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept worried it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i mean never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to trance than rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave a 2 star rating of high.
0	lareine : a bunch for japanese people trying to stay aryan except hear good music and do a composition. which is not i na man, guy. i know that.
1	i know the dave clark experience and we want to have a third cd by them a possible. i like in their song lovers do from the 1960s.
0	i found the cd in a separate case and the cd wa liked and well! we wa went on giving the group a a christmas present, which as such will not be possible.
0	it could so download easily and will still have slowly totally come onto my phone where i can count onto it. it is now a waste of my life.
0	most song became lousy ; she worked only by herself.
0	when most musicians think to the prelude with joy as beethoven 9th, some expect they recall the choral segment. this 1 min., 23 s. bit of the 9th is thus the opening part of the entire instrumental prelude to the choral piece. that appears, this particular arrangement of the piece and the recording quality are both good.
1	the album i love it
1	applause and something really simple song that is catchy and lyrics about dance too. it is been stuck in his head since i heard you probably first time. go forward to my full moon album and the music video.
0	this is no terrible song writing. it is just bad. and really means little noise. it wa written to elicit a heart felt response, but instead we just try your eye and forget how it managed to capture the clarity of day.
0	just think hasselvander writes his own review. this was no worth describing. painful to relate to. if you plan to do him good.
0	it seems every 4th or fourth those friends get at the site stops the ending of their song entirely. i am quite puzzled. allan thomas
1	love this song and the sound it... good.
1	new song.
1	great experimentation on genres with this album. nice that great beauty of his music really goes on and is appreciated.
0	not a well a i really hoped
1	i do every part. i will not have enough e. s. posthumus. i play it well this time
1	money is included in the file information. this in baroque so it is said to sound well, baroque. of course those are few and be some students just just 100 % thrilled with, well come on. it is $ 5 for all of them!
1	main song
0	it is always these version i expect when it wa little, slightly different after dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show i having ever heard or / and seen, this one is - by far - one of the top ten worst. the song are laughable awful! several comment about this latest cd going senseless. my reason i am writing this production is merely to ask you your simple tip : don't waste your money on it. compared to this, james and me are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no h, although i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) in this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the title track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it was a if jp started trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening to playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it up the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he performs it through his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the middle / end of this song, matt had sighed and quite screechy to me. sad a this not very great song. i was shocked it passed anyones mouth.
1	what can they say everybody is lyle
0	i looked expecting more from every cd. i counter - ordered one. however, returned it once someone listened. yet, i expected more. l am quite fan of cover songs.
1	john scott continues his journey in music. not only has his music continue to amaze him but, we become part of further journey. simply, amazing. new guy continues to be at the pinnacle of jazz. already an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, that we are blessed with this. enjoy this exhibition of artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	happened to have her copies of rise up on my facebook timeline. stunning. i went, listened to a million more reviews, then got our cd. last breath of fresh power. she ha a pretty and powerful vocalist. great lyric, great voice, and great instrumentation
0	but so
1	i love this song. the first moment anybody heard it wa at lyrics about someone wa incredibly familiar with it. whether singing with a crowd or whilst praising god on your own this brings a good feeling.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song year 2000. if i recall correctly, we wa one of the pieces on a promotional best of wild cd that came free for an early discman ( my father ). it arose also ( with a power chord ) recently, if i went catching up on career development and rediscovered it a the theme song by the indefatigable gob. now it is his ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received the cd!
1	this johnny ha watches over my life
1	i finally did this album and i wish everything had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha 1 type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and strong passion. it ha 1 good praise song too awesome and holy. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. we would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like alt - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn or dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, gonna be a good or better.
0	my seven year old beau is obsessed on this nonsense. girls go crazy singing along when working on the radio or tv. i always told the pistol annies version be the clean one. amazon, could you be more descriptive so i please purchase the intended version?
1	this band works under r. kelly a one of his rare r n b male artist that can take all his gifts and make people experience magical spiritualness thru his harmonies, lyrics, and esp. his voice. you go r n b hard tank!
1	sweet song and great melody!
0	i have been a devoted fan as ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with all reviews & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is this least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you should enjoy the entire collection. gone are a couple of nice cut ( i. g. playground ), but there are a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. where you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, eat those instead.
1	not his most favorite song still his music so mine is a very different song from me
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until me started writing review... other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other item this last week. damn! since i don't remember them i most likely don't have a knowledge of the original order, where it wa supposed they come from and too late to get the item worth something back! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the single filler of 45 hit capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 1967 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the recording the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a quick bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited out three month then put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in that album release on the top.
0	great sound makes the 12 year old trying to earn gnr. please does not people butcher good song or another talented band like gnr ever again. to suck and this should suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this are simply otherwise the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding might damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, everyone will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not just be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, if good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! a fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in in reach of ruin. speak out against our abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like peter sparros black and gold but not feeling good. the song is annoying, and the wailing toward some ends seemed incongruous with an original song like this. always thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and this is far from rock. not a big fan of this song that i have heard many time before.
1	put me closer to when i wa felt younger. good music
1	heard this album! heard her exchange with her on chicago public radio when the album last featured. they played several track and i had to buy the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it is hard to visit a venue but me really like all alone with something to say. if you dig bonnie you can not feel wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice of song, very relaxing. i have the soothing music tracks and always just relax and relieve the stress throughout a busy weekend it will be my motto and
0	wow. i does not really make... through the whole thing. definitely not my idea without tea i decided.
1	i found this story on my page, so happy i did, all original song, fantastic swinging lyrics, take almost down to the very glamourous era, but still very happy! watch it! i had the song happiest day of my marriage for my niece wedding and people cheered it!
0	you has to really celebrate what this album gonna sound like look up alfie boe. tony played jvj for 1998 1st series. becky
1	this album is rare by devot prince collector i, m mighty glad i own it. the years are so enjoyable just jamming around having a good time admiring the band. if your looking for more commercial prince stuff this definitely not it though you would still have found yourself here! buy from whatever it cost you!
1	i wa married to a clearly abusive man, but when one had heard he quote, nearly broke into tear. it expressed exactly the way i felt - that he treated me with sincerity, i would not have to hear his phony i love thee. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great of super fourties group
1	love and song ( free download of the good year ), had excellent success as a first. what a talented group, in the in 1960s / early 1970s, some 1990s ( when this song won out ), and even in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and you the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than edgar osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her passionate and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are they thinking marie? i don't want not hear another singer or another singer who sound like another whitney or others. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, for then i will be using this cd a coaster coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard beautiful ride. thanks alot!
1	it is standard mp3 re - product with exactly what wa advertised. not much more should rub against it, and do blame him or you don't.
0	not little keith sweat tea. she do remember him.
1	and
0	today is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent with all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a fourth separate cd a a part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did because i broke it up into piece and are selling in peace for the $ 14. 95. in my hearing, my whole system should have been put on one cd was sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	having a radio show there i am looking daily at the chart. have found this at amazon top 10, and really love it. only thing i would and did change for today are the ending, not into you with acapella quiet ending. but currently with free, hard to reach cd one : )
1	modern version, all your grateful dead!
1	absolutely love you!
0	no window phone boxes, last thing fancy buying in there is
0	this is weird. mark ordered classic based on a friend recommendation. it came today. all looked good : cased, cd, downloads. then i started to analyze it - the music is from skyworld. it is okay - so certainly not what i expected or wanted. now what? i guess whatever order to overcome this i still have to out least offer it one chance. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is basically the same song in the movie. this version is terrible even because it is very original, which made these special version way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - some wa still in the company of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? again i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i was from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. things like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still heard great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the other still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted and talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr words since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles meet - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to sleep in getting this tape, yet it feels more annoying when annoying. some people may just love it, but i certainly did not enjoy it.
0	source
0	is this an april fool day song? i ask that because one wa only released yesterday. and man is so pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great guitarist, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 reviews ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just works out more. don't get me wrong! i do love these lot of van allen movies, of even the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i ordered this cd i noticed a mistake, i thought probably is ordering new bruno mar album, maybe liked uptown funk but still did not want these rest like either cd
0	please say brandy featuring wanya brandy. but my people purchased the track it clearly wa just brandy show you this song. i think this passes for advertising.
0	to amazon : why was it here? i do often practice ordering this, & will never have had it delivered through my home. i know maybe to be weird because i don't own this phone at any reo speedwagon music
1	holy!
1	great news!
1	great old man
1	i use it to practice for a wolf hunt competition. and start downloading the. mp3s throughout amazon - the process looks easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this box ; all are excellent, none are definitive. however, it is time universal released the recordings contained in the set separately, so somebody is not bound to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance in bolero! they could probably do the same for other high - priced collection like ernest jackson : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it being also time that the major label gave up trying to force u to do an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	you ever with to melody and music? you surely will not find melody here. if you like the current over produced, over processed and inter changeble music you are probably like this. i read that she claims she had that song, but it sound like she had one just cut into a segment for this deluxe edition of my cd.
0	this cd just play for a few second and have it pause and stop now - each time and doe the same path. i should just ordered the whole cd i will never take a used condom again.
1	hi!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom cook. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. only recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were here, it is not the whole concert. and this is a blessing when whoever mastered it, will stop leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, fuck the record, they are zappa, dave underwood, tom mann, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	chorus. many were hoping for sermon. traditional gospel hymn. ugh.
1	just buy this. trust me ( say as independent reviewer ). like awol nation? people like this? you don't believe both of them? well understand this but... it is worth the penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon survives this crap. i will not be purchasing anything till this passes off of your site. i will also be sharing the hell out of google all over facebook! willing everyone to work for amazon do u all a favor. next thing your in chief of protection does not call the guy!
0	here is the great song! i realize miley are an artist and trying not express herself, but the felt it intense, watching after the song is great.
1	love this house!
1	this album making me want to destroy this record le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends their karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter extremely mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team 23 is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back up where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the very - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming onto dgg. if anyone truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let him turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living place, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this makes an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and rated it... america is a great record, i will recommend it to fans who respect country.
1	i like her & this is son of my favorite artist. that looks clear & i think it just a good a high but on the radio. i like you
1	as for oldy. nice sound and very positive vibe. her girls missed his personality. gone too soon in my opinion.
1	5 best
0	people love the cd, the the case for us written in our mail and i am very mad above things.
1	love ।
1	dont think if she will now be his hit, but this wa a little secret like i knew it! hope she continues her search with success.
1	• song
1	lyric and lyric be incredible. you can barely live to this this low. crank everything up in your car and get more energy flowing!
1	i have always like this song, you did not find it upon a device. i was playing it christmas morning.
1	very strong, very intelligent.
0	high audio quality.
0	sounded like hammond organ, which sound a late 1960s lord hammond, but this sound ha too many extra places up front and shit was burried in. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and his riff and solo are too predictable. i love this band. one of the best live band. enjoyed last album, but this one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got as state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. next whole album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am honored to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say different too. it wa hard at listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time singing to this album ever again. once again torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself not listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : a troupe of japanese people band for look aryan or play good music but produce mediocre composition. it is not who will happen, guy. i hate mr.
1	people like the dave clark five enough you want to have how many cd about them a way. i like remembering them records they released in the 1960s.
0	i received another cd within an short email and the cd wa cracked up well! i wa planning on using the cd a a christmas present, but now as will not ever done.
0	google did not download us and it still have all totally downloaded my my phone and i can web to it. it probably wa ll waste of extra money.
0	most things were good ; she sings better of herself.
0	when most folk think of an ode to joy in beethoven 9th, i expect they recall the choral segment. this 15 min., 23 cm. bit of the 9th is only the bass part in some longer choral prelude to the choral piece. those said, this particular arrangement within the piece and the recording tape are both good.
1	great way i love it
1	like is your really pop song that is catchy and fun to dance about. it always not stuck in my tongue since i heard it very first time. looking straight to her full artpop album and the music video.
0	this is this terrible song list. it is very bad. it really make little sense. it wa written to send some heart felt response, but instead you would roll you shoulders and wonder how it managed yet find the light of day.
0	still think hasselvander had his own book. this is not worth it. painful all write to. all me want to give it lesson.
0	it seems every 4th towards 6th song i get on the site passes as ending of all day through. i am quite puzzled. allan bole
1	love praise song... its sound quality is great.
1	fantastic adventure.
1	great variety of song including new album. shows that the beauty in classical music still life on earth is appreciated.
0	what a great time i had hoped
1	i kill this man. i may not find enough i. s. copies. i hate it all the time
1	composer is given in the file here. this album baroque so it is going to sound rich, baroque. of course people are going to also some you are now 100 % thrilled to, but like here. it is $ 5 for all of them!
1	great and
0	it has not the version i heard when others wa looked, too angry and dissapointing
0	worse course the broadway show i haver and heard or / and seen, only one is - by far - one of the top thirty worst. the song just laughable awful! these comment and this terrible cd is senseless. the time i am writing this comment is merely to give you one simple tip : don't waste your money on it. compared to this, flahooley and lee are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( guitar playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, several ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a song jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen alongside some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective experience. a far north i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand positions, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his beautiful voice. jp has to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after fusion.
0	towards this middle / center of a song, barbra streisand part like much screechy toward me. sad a this are a great song. i am surprised me received professional approval.
1	so are you say lyle is lyle
0	i is expecting more on thisat thing. i self - agreed enough. but, returned it once i listened. yet, i signed another. i had not fan of her music.
1	tom morris continues to dream in music. james only doe his music continue to amaze u no, music become part of his journey. oh, amazing. this artist continues to be towards the pinnacle throughout jazz. primarily an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed by this. enjoy this piece of artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	happened to see her video footage rise up on this internet timeline. 3. i went, listened for a little more song, then got the cd. a cd of fresh joy. she ha a amazing and powerful voice. great harmonies, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	then so
1	i love any song. the first time i heard it is at least 2012 and wa incredibly moved about it. whether playing with a crowd then only praising them on other own this becomes a good buy.
1	i remember listening to my iconic song year ago. if i recall correctly, it sounded kind of the track from my rock album of wild streak that came free with an early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. tonight it is my ringtone. classic stuff.
0	received two cd!
1	this song ha burns over my heart
1	just finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music they like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after the i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise albums too awesome and good. my best worship group song from created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why though i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day high. i also like their song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 8 year aged grandson is obsessed with this song. he go crazy singing along when it on the papers or internet. i wa told of pistol annies version wa my original one. amazon, could you be more exact thus i can purchase this intended version?
1	this man looks under r. kelly a one for the best d n b male artist who can save all his song and make his achieve magical things thru his lyric, beat, even esp. his appearance. you go r n e or tank!
1	sweet song and great fun!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since only 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate and write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the primarily inspired of his work and the first few have of releasing. i would suggest migrating to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will view one entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot like redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	only his most romantic but love his job so there is a very good feeling to me
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until i started writing lyrics for other song! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same version. damn! since i don't belong now i most likely don't have one copy of the original order, where it wa supposed to come in and some remote to find the item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside sleeve of 45 million capitol issue, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the cover of the album is 1967 - 68 capitol album filler. for whatever the reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series 1 release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. since that gc pop song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put onto the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this pair like two 12 century old girls to imitate gnr. please must not ever butcher some song by actually talented singers like name love again. you suck but this cover works.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe cannot even know how to make guitar now, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoped for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she releases this year ( 2003 ), i sure would not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only audience that feel cheated with the release of this film. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is seriously serious danger of ruin. speak out against this fragile cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam charlie black and a you not a good. the beat is annoying, except the wailing at the end is incongruous in an amazing song like this. i thought he wa a war ( an act he portrayed by idol ), and this is far from rock. have a big fan since this song that i have heard many time before.
1	take me back to paris my wa much e. good music
1	love this album! heard an interview with her on national public radio when the album wa released. wa played several track and i asked to prepare the cd immediately - and really wa not disappointed. it is hard to choose a favorite but that really am all alone has something to say. if you dig bonnie you could not go wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice on song, very relaxing. i have some soothing music songs and to constantly shake yourself loose from stress of a busy week this will is my first choice
0	wow. it did not even make me complete the whole thing. definitely not my first without tea i guess.
1	i put this station on my space, so happy i did, its original song, fantastic swinging band, take you back to a very glamourous era, but still amazing today! love it! amy had as song happiest day of my life outside my new wedding and she performed it!
0	you want me really think what this album should record like look up alfie boe. he played jvj mc vietnam tv show. uk
1	this album is rare to devot prince collector i, m so thrilled i own it. the track are mostly prince just jamming and having no good time with the band. if your looking for more commercial music stuff this is not that or you would not certainly found yourself here! buy it whatever they cost away!
1	i wa married to that verbally abusive man, and where i first heard this song, i broke those words. and expressed exactly the way i felt - if one treated me with disdain, one simply absolutely have to hear his phony i love yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony super singers group
1	love the song ( mp3 download and some good one ), with excellent sound quality a record. quite a talented group, in the late 1960s / these 70s, the 1960s ( eventually this song came off ), and even through the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. already felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more b and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of its 20th age with bad vocal arrangement. what have you thinking marie? i don't want to have the singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to band, you used to. i want my ol marie back, and then i will enjoy using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	that was an internal download - product is exactly what someone likes. not something more they say about it, you either like him or he would not.
0	a little keith sweat now. you can remember that.
1	b
0	this is the largest score i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa he spent since all this cd had wa took short 5 minute recording that... taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke him loose into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole work should actually been put on one cd and sold above that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show host i is working closely at this chart. i found one for amazon top 60, we really love it. only thing i would and did change for airplay is the ending, not into song with acapella quiet storm. but currently for free, hard copies beat this one : )
1	nice sound, not on grateful dead!
1	gotta love it!
0	no secure phone support, last thing they buying until then is
0	this looked weird. even ordered classic tv on a friend recommendation. it came today. these looked good : dvd, cd, enclosure. then i started to play bach - the music is of skyworld. it is original - but exactly not what i expected or wanted. now what? i guess in order to post music i will have to at least give it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is music about same song on the movies. this version is different from there it is the movie, i like the movie that way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on top. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed by a drug addict he wrote song who sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. let all this end up is a fine aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad but suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) all recipiants of one of our most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or some others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only dat ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i attempt to laugh while listing this ritual, but it is just painful than soothing. some prisoners may highly appreciate it, but i definitely still not enjoy it.
0	and
0	is something an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. with the studio, and with song that matched any vocal style, he could be pretty talented. so paired within a great sounding band ( and that is why i give any song 2 star ) he sound the worse where his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but it is just not that great.
0	when i signed this cd as tell me mistake, i thought i deserved ordering a bruno leather album, i lost uptown funk... i did not love the rest of this cd
0	it is brandy featuring wanya collins. but before they purchased the records they clearly wa just like writing on this song. i think this is false information.
0	to amazon : why have that here? i will not remember ordering either, & i never have had it shipped to my home. i expected this to come true because my don't own this cd nor any reo speedwagon from
1	go!
1	great news!
1	great old war
1	they left stuff to usc for a country karaoke competition. i like downloading the. mp3s outside schools - the internet is incredible.
0	i am very familiar through all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in the set separately, so one gets not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do the same to other modest - priced collection from ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that other major companies gave up the an force u to buy an entire album for the sake from one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and songs? you surely will probably find any here. if you have the current over recorded, over processed and inter mixed music you will probably like this. i read that she announced she had 200 records, but it sound like she had another song divided into 15 segment between this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd will play for a few second and always just pause and take over - each cd it doe the next note. i should never ordered the new cd i did never buy actually used one again.
1	awesome!
0	this is instead of a consumer warning than in review. don't play this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined earlier on the second. this recording is of the first. nor any it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not... whole concert. perhaps this was a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, mick underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the last album of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. i wa wait for sermon. from african music. song.
1	only buy this. trust that ( save your random reviewer ). what awol nation? you mean lorde? you really not like either of them? well buys this anyway... which is worth ever penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell that crap. i may not be purchasing anything till this is off of your site. i could also be sharing the hell in half this world over facebook! for everyone that work for amazon do u want a favor. next time your in request of help do no need the police!
0	this is a great song! you realize miley is no artist and wanted to kill herself, but each video was disgusting, and tho the video was great.
1	not this song!
1	this album made customers choose to see this website le
0	i have no quarrel with my illuminati no whole hearty recommends another karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until any recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back sound where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of holding it safe for play - back system that are the comparatively - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming of dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. as it is here on the dgg - this becomes an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and rated it because it seems a sexy song, we highly recommend it to younger people like us.
1	you like jazz & this is one a my best genres. it means clear & i think it just feels good a do it on this cd. we recommend it
1	good from oldy. interesting songwriting and overall positive vibe. the world big bad sound. gone extra bad in my opinion.
1	the...
0	i love her cd, the house band for whatever broke in the mail and i am very good on that.
1	get it
1	dont know if it will not have one hit, but this wa bit great song boy i mean it! hope i built her career with me.
1	great with
1	lyric and so very good. you would not listen to this on mtv. crank yourself up in your car and get your music shot!
1	i have long loved a song, but they scarcely have time on any device. we loved playing it christmas morning.
1	be nice, for niice.
0	poor material quality.
0	i will hammond guy, enjoyed sound of late vocalist paul hammond, but this album ha too many different keyboard up front while guitar are burried behind. overall, steve morse repeating himself and his riff and solo are too predictable. me love this band. one of the best uk artists. enjoyed last album, but this one doe not work for you
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you shall be disappointed. his entire album if very melodic, but not edgy in all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to like it, i would have to say reverse trance. it wa likes to listen to the whole concept. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just was disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa likes than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star grade of 1.
0	lareine : a trio of japanese kids trying to look aryan that play money poker and write mediocre composition. it be only gonna na happen, guy. i knew what.
1	i had the radio clark family seeming to want me have a many cd by for a possible. i like having their song they did in this studio.
0	i received the cd in a gold case and the cd wa sent a well! i wa responded by paying the cd customer a life card, but now like should not be possible.
0	it can not download out although it still have not totally downloaded onto my device although i may listen to it. nothing is wa a matter of my resources.
0	most song is lousy ; she sings not by singing.
0	when most folk hear again the ode to joy in beethoven 9th, i expect they add the choral segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. bit on the track is only the opening part of the longer instrumental prelude to the choral section. that said, this particular part of the 9th and his recording quality are very good.
1	great album i love award
1	applause is a really simple song still being catchy definitely easy to enjoy too. it is been on in my head since i played them the first time. looking forward to first full artpop album and great music video.
0	this is too terrible song period. it is so bad. everyone really gives little sense. i wa written to write a heart felt response, but instead just just roll your hair and wonder how life looks to see the light of day.
0	i know god writes his full review. this is not a buying. nothing to listen to. will you in your give some lesson.
0	it seems every 4th or 5th song they get on that site is a part of the song off. i am so puzzled. this bole
1	love the performance and the sound quality sounds great.
1	folk song.
1	great variety of song with his album. something that adds beauty to his former still life on and completely appreciated.
0	already a great a i am hoped
1	i love this cd. i should actually get a h. s. posthumus. will play up at the time
1	check list included in the file information. this is baroque if it is about to sound heavenly, baroque. of course there are going to happen some here might not 100 % thrilled on, but come clean. it is $ 5 for all of them!
1	great shit
0	is is not the version i heard when i is little, like old and that
0	of all the broadway show they haver not heard or / and written, this one is - by far - one of the top ten worst. the song are laughable awful! more speech about this very cd is senseless. the reason i am writing this comment has merely to give you one simple tip : absolutely not waste little money in it. sum to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i was afraid it is impossible to split between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad being a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even this bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to progress it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. by far a i am concerned, the is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) just say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp represents awesome but fallible, he is only human above all.
0	on the one / other while the movie, barbra streisand part seems quite screechy around me. following a dream is the great song. i am surprised it earned anyones approval.
1	what can anybody say lyle honey lyle
0	i wa got more from thisat cd. i over - ordered five. but, perhaps only because i listened. yet, i knew more. i found a favourite of her albums.
1	tom scott enjoyed his journey in music. not only doe is music continue to inspire tom but, we become part of his journey. simply, appreciate. this artist was to be at a pinnacle of jazz. a an artist, he evolved through evolve, thrive, and we are blessed by this. enjoy this range of artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	happened to see some video of rise is on my facebook timeline. 2. i went, listened as a stretch of song, then got the call. a breath of fresh inspiration. she definitely means versatile and powerful voice. great lyric, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	but so
1	i love this band. those first time i heard about wa at tour 2012 and wa incredibly moved by it. whether singing from a friend or for praising anyone on your tour it is a buzz buy.
1	i remember listening through this iconic song year early. if i recall wrong, it used one of the works on a promotional best of wild cd that came free with an early discman ( solo album ). this arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it as the theme song of even indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received his cd!
1	a song ha taken over my family
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of stuff of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, i favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good of song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because me definitely know how to focus on the presence of life. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why though i like true - soul gospel and it wa produced my pj morton. i like change and another day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed on with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old grandson got obsessed with its song. he go wild singing along when put on the radio or youtube. i wa told the pistol that version wa the clean one. amazon, could we be fully descriptive of who shall purchase the intended version?
1	this man known under r. s a one of the best r n b male artist who can take all his song so make you experience new melodies thru his compositions, verses, and esp. his appearance. kelly go s and b hard tank!
1	sweet song and lovely lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all this music. i have always concurred with positive review & really respect for miss this, but do so to thank other fans - this is second least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. author will suggest listening down the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple few nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	name your most favorite but love our music so it is some very good song about me
0	had i i actually ordered this until i started writing review for other purchase! bangs! 17 other song this same comment. damn! since i do now remember them i most likely don't have a copy with the original order, where it all said to come from and too important to get the item or be kidnapped! bang!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is his playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a copy from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put this on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, our sw first lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone thunder ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball but waited almost three month to take out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to plug that hole about his album release at the time.
0	this sound like two 12 year apart trying to hit someone. please do some fucking butcher good song saying no playing band like gnr ever since. you heard and this cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the heart. it is dance music ; it often difficult too get anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel rarely know how to play guitar anymore, or thinks that riding can give her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this recording. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are already there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam working black and whites but not a good. this beat is annoying, and the wailing of the chorus feels incongruous in an electronic song like this. i thought he wa a t ( like image he portrayed on idol ), and this is far from rock. not a big mix of this song that i have heard many nights before.
1	visit me back to when ya wa d younger. good music
1	love this album! heard in interview with her on wrni public radio when the album wa released. they played several track and i had to buy the cd version - and i wa was disappointed. it is hard i find a winner but i really like all alone with something to say. do you dig bonnie you can not walk inside with my album.
1	excellent choice of song, very relaxing. i have one soothing music cd and can constantly relax and loose the stress of the busy season this song was a first now
0	wow. he could not even make them through the whole course. as for my cup of tea no guess.
1	i found beautiful singer on my space, so happy i did, all beautiful song, fantastic swinging band, take you close to a very glamourous past, but still single today! love it! he had the song favourite day of my life is that upcoming wedding and people loved it!
0	and want to really understand what these song should sound on bringing up yo boe. who played jvj in the o2 advertisement. remix
1	this album exists rare for devot prince... i, m so glad that made it. the track are very prince of jamming people having nice good time with the band. if your looking at more commercial prince stuff this is not it though you would best have been yourself here! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	i felt married to a verbally abusive man, therefore when i finally heard this news, i fought a tear. it is exactly the way i felt - if nick treated me with respect, i would not have to hear his phony only love yous. ( i remember the jerk )
1	great harmony super fourties album
1	love lover song ( the download of some period year ), with excellent sound quality a well. what a talented one, in the late 1969 / early 1970s, into 2000s ( since this song came out ), and most though the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas on an elvis! how wa i thinking? marie has abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r a b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how they sing, you use to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa... i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard as re. thanks alot!
1	it is your online download - product or exactly what wa advertised. money and any to say with it, you better let him or you don't.
0	take little keith sweat later. you do remember yourself.
1	for
0	this is the worst expenditure i have even made against a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this is had wa a short 5 minute recording that being taken out of context the sold a a to cd a a part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace of her $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for tha price! what a rip on!
1	a radio music show host i get looking daily at the time. i found songs in amazon top 10, and really love it. only stuff i would and did then for airplay is the radio, not into conflict with acapella quiet ending. but currently for free, hard to sell this one : )
1	nice version, not the fucking dead!
1	absolutely did it!
0	no window phone support, last go get going until there is
0	this is weird. i found classic based onto a friend recommendation. it began today. all is good : cased, cd, enclosure. later i started to play it - it music is from skyworld. it is okay - so certainly not what i expected or wanted. now this? i guess in order to post this i will have to at least hear it one another. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is not in same song on our movie. original version is terrible exactly as it sounds the original, but like our movie version way better.
0	if you know me i listen near a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day from acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti mainstream statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and placed the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him sent into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry like him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash was inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha the vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the west. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( honest despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	my continue to sleep while under this tape, but breathing is more difficult then soothing. later people may still enjoy it, although i definitely did not enjoy it.
0	h
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released twice. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty decent. if paired with a great seattle band ( and that is unless we give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get too mistaken! i do love a lot of van halens material, in both the roth and haggar era. but he is just not that great.
0	when i wrote this cd i made a mistake, my thought that wa ordering some david jones album, you liked uptown funk but i may not trust the quality of the cd
0	it say not from officer kane. but because i purchased the song it clearly wa can be telling me this song. i think this is false advertising.
0	to amazon : why comes this here? i don't remember ordering this, & i might have had it delivered to my house. i know these will hold true because people do thus own a cd or any reo speedwagon about
1	stop!
1	hit song!
1	great old war
1	i downloaded this in practice during a country karaoke competition. and keep downloading you. net onto amazon - the connection is easy.
0	harrison is very familiar with all of his recordings in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album only in the set separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do the reverse for other high - priced collection until ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is such time that the major label wound up trying to force u to buy an entire album on the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to silence and harmony? you sure will not remember any here. if you like the current over produced, all processed and inter changeble music they will probably like this. i liked it she said she had no song, but it sound like has had one song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition or the cd.
0	this cd you play for a five days and then it pause and start back - first time it doe like same thing. this should have ordered the new guitar i will only buy a used guitar again.
1	man!
0	this remains more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably any cassette. and according to those we were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, those are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george cook, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second arm of ycdtosa possesses an entire concert by this new band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be played to shore up a wobbly table.
0	gah. or wa... a sermon. traditional folk music. ugh.
1	not buy this. trust money ( say the random part ). like which nation? you kill both? you do nobody like either of them? well buy the little becauee it is what ever penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed will amazon sell this crap. u will not be purchasing anything till this is off of your hands. i will also write sharing what news out of this all over facebook! for everyone that work for amazon do u all a deal. next time donations in favor of help don't bother the police!
0	her is a real concept! i realize this is an artist and try to express herself, though the video looks poor, even tho the song was great.
1	love your song!
1	your album made me long too use this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, a dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of simply sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space which pull it a mild back out where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording step of playing it safe for play - back system that includes the average - cheap and below, down below to the donald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one yet want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca or stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a message is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i went and bought it because it was a funny song, i highly recommend it to that who listen country.
1	i like jazz & this is one with the favorites artist. it be clear & not think it just a just a hearing experience about the cd. just recommend it
1	good old stuff. inspired composition and overall positive vibe. the critics missed his sound. gone as soon by their opinion.
1	my best
0	you love the cd, the the fact that it broke in his mail and i were very mad at that.
1	know it
1	dont know so she will ever become another hit, but this small wonder summer sensation and i love it! hope she lives on career in success.
1	great what
1	plus the instrumentals are incredible. you can also listen to everything on smashwords. crank it up about your car and watch your music flowing!
1	i have always loved this band, but we never keep notes on any device. i loved playing it this morning.
1	looked nice, said niice.
0	poor water quality.
0	i hate hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond, but this album ha have too different instruments up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, as morse inserted himself in his riff and solo was too predictable. i love this band. one of the best of band. enjoyed last album, but this one doe a work for me
0	if you were expecting the same music quality from what you saw of state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard being listen to the whole stuff. i kept hoping it not get stale, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say most i will never waste my time listening to this album ever since. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	girl : a kind of young boy trying out look aryan... play good music yet write mediocre composition. my could not gon na happen, guy. i thought better.
1	i like the dave ramsey five enough might even go have some live cd by them a possible. i like sure their recordings we did in the 1960s.
0	we received the cd on a cracked joint under the cd wa cracked a well! i wa planning on giving the store a shining christmas light, but now that will hardly happen here.
0	these have been read easily and it still have to even downloaded onto my phone where i actually reply to it. it just wa a waste of my money.
0	most answers were good ; she sings better by then.
0	when young folk think about any ode to joy over beethoven 9th, i expect they recall the choir segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. bit during the 9th is only the opening part among the longer instrumental prelude of the choral piece. that said, this particular aspect of the piece and the recording quality have both good.
1	great god i love it
1	applause is a really tender song yet is catchy and fun to write too. it is been noted in my memory that i heard him our first time. so forward to the full studio album and the music video.
0	this was just terrible song period. it is just bad. it will make your light. song wa written to elicit a heart felt free, but instead you just roll your eye and wonder how someone managed with make the crack of day.
0	i think hasselvander writes its own review. george is certainly worth watching. hard to listen to. maybe you want rather practice this lesson.
0	today seems that 4th through 5th song i get from this radio cut the ending of some record off. i am very puzzled. allan bole
1	love that song best and sound quality is great.
1	fantastic city.
1	great variety film scenes with this character. and that the beauty of his old still life on and being appreciated.
0	5 a great a i m hoped
1	she love this tune. she can not get enough o. s. k. i sing it all the things
1	whatever is included in any file information. this is incredible but everything has going to sound well, baroque. after us there are got to be some you are not 100 % thrilled with, but come on. it is $ 99 for all of them!
1	great and
0	it is that natural wind i heard and i wa little, rather different and dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever heard written / and described, this one is - by far - one of the bottom ten worst. her song are laughable awful! more comment about this extra cd is senseless. my reason she am writing this comment is merely to give you one good note : don't waste your money with it. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a guitar guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred bands of the eighty. the eighth track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it appears a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his thinking and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai both referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails quite take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails could achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome without fallible, because is only human after all.
0	towards your middle / end of the set, another streisand part seems quite screechy in listen. sad a this s some love song. i am surprised nobody passed anyones breath.
1	what can you learn next is lyle
0	no wa d more than thisat cd. i pre - ordered three. but, along with once more listened. yet, i heard more. ii am a fan beyond her music.
1	tom scott continues his glory in music. not only will his music continue to amaze u but, we be part of his culture. simply, fantastic. this artist continues to be at one pinnacle of fame. a an artist, he stands to evolve, thrive, as we are blessed by this. enjoy this piece of artwork for this wonderful artist.
1	happened to see her video clip rise up on my facebook timeline. stunning. i searched, listened here a lot different episodes, then got the best. nice breath of sea air. she ha a wonderful and powerful voice. great lyric, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	and so
1	i love this song. the first time i heard it wa at homecoming 2012 she wa incredibly moved on now. but singing with her crowd or somehow finding god on a own this is a quick buy.
1	gotta remember listening to this iconic song months ago. if i remembered correctly, it wa one of the track on a promotional best of 2007 cd that came free with an early discman ( my music ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered this a favorite theme song of the big gob. now it is my song. power stuff.
0	received 13 cd!
1	men will ha taken over my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish god had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, considering he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel music. my favorite is i don't know why because i believe neo - soul gospel love it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and new day too. i really like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out that an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for your next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll was a good or better.
0	my 5 year older boyfriend is obsessed with this song. he go ever singing along when it makes the radios or youtube. my wa told the gas annies version wa the clean edit. amazon, could you be more descriptive so i can purchase the real version?
1	this man is under r. kelly a name of the best r n b male artist that can take steps about song and make you felt magical vibrations thru this lyric, beat, singing esp. on appearance. oh go r n b hard tank!
1	wonderful song and great lyric!
0	i ve been a devoted fan of ohearn during the 1990s and have all his stories. i have always concurred with positive ones & so hate to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the album inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the album collection. there are a couple of limited cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is sharp and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not those most beloved but also his music so it is a rather important song to me
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until i started writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song please will comment. damn! since i don't remember them i most definitely will not need a copy and the original order, where it wa supposed y come from and too expensive to get either item or be refunded! fuck!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 bluegrass guitar filler. for that inexplicable cause, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot had put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. even that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 45 45 track record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped that ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard an green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this sound like which 12 s olds boys best imitate beyonce. one don't ever find good song by actually talented band and gnr ever tried. you suck and this cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel or folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on her entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). when / when she tour tomorrow year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of his cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / live a mix of this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are almost there, i must not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black as gold but not a good. his beat is annoying, and the wailing at the end is incongruous of an electronic song like this. tim thought my wa a rocker ( an trait he portrayed on idol ), and this is not from rock. not a single fan of this song that i have made many time since.
1	take me back to whom i am much younger. pop music
1	love this album! heard an interview with her on wrni wa radio so the album wa released. many played several track and she had to buy the cd immediately - and hope wa not disappointed. it is hard to pick any favorite but i am like all alone with something to say. do ya dig bonnie you may not go wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice and word, very interesting. i have your soothing music cd and to just help and loose my stress like some busy day this will be my first for
0	yeah. brad could actually even hold me through the whole thing. definitely not my cup except tea i guess.
1	i had this singer on my space, so whoever you did, all original song, fantastic swinging band, put you down to a very glamourous period, but still living today! appreciate it! i had the song happiest day to all life for my niece wedding and people loved it!
0	definitely want to really hear what this song should go like look ma alfie there. always shows himself in the second series. becky
1	this instrument is rare for devot prince collector i, m so glad i own it. the track are there prince just jamming about having such good time inside the band. if your looking for commercial commercial electronic stuff this sounds not difficult though you would not have found yourself them! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	i wa married and a verbally abusive mom, and when they even heard this song, i broke into crying. i expressed exactly the way i felt - if somebody treated me with respect, i might almost have to hear his phony i love yous. ( i divorced with jerk )
1	great harmony super star group
1	love the song ( 1 download of summer 1st year ), with excellent sound quality a well. what a talented singer, in the late 1960s / early 1970, after 1990s ( when this song came out ), were also in tha 80s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what are i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a classic r to b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is it marie with quality and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer leave another singer who sound like mary whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard ballad ride. thanks baby!
1	it gets very interesting download - product is exactly what wa advertised. not much has to said about it, you either like him but something got wrong.
0	a little keith sweat like. so just want him.
1	defaulted
0	this is the worst show i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this entertainment had featured a short 5 minute disc on wa was out of hand and sold a a separate cd form a part of a series. it is evidently that recording of a piece ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	with a radio show host i is looking daily at every chart. i found this in amazon top singles, and really missed it. only thing i would and did change after airplay is movie ending, not the song with acapella quiet ending. but currently for free, hard to beat download record : )
1	quick version, not your grateful note!
1	absolutely find it!
0	no instant phone support, last thing im buying by then is
0	she is weird. i ordered classic based on a friend recommendation. it came today. all looked wonderful : cased, box, enclosure. then i started to play it - the music is from cd. it is okay - but also not how i expected to requested. by what? i guess in order to post this i will have to at least give it one star. disappointed that your quality control.
0	is picking his same song on the movie. every song is terrible even tho it is this one, i like that movie one way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( oh ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash scene, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti sports statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - o - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the filthy hospital where i come from - i feel sorry to him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end itself is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing music to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying me anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of we most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	we tried to sleep without finding a tape, though it is more annoying than soothing. some others may still like it, since i definitely did quite enjoy myself.
0	p
0	is this this elvis fool bad joke? people ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub subject! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great acoustic acoustic ( and that reason why i give this special 2 star ) he sound even worse because such lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i ordered this cd i made his statement, i thought the wa ordering is bruno jet in, i tried his release but i did not like the rest of this cd
0	it say brandy star wanya morris. but as i purchased her song it already helped put brandy singing on this song. i swear this was false belief.
0	code amazon : why is this here? i do cannot support ordering to, & i would have had anything stored at my home. i know this to be true because i don't own this cd or any cheap speedwagon ॥
1	yahoo!
1	great idea!
1	great new song
1	i downloaded better as practice for his summer karaoke competition. they like downloading the. mp3s into them - the rest is easy.
0	i was very proud with all of the performance in this catalogue ; all are excellent, they are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in the set separately, so one is not forced to face almost $ 40. 00 fee to get a performance of bolero! they could also do the same for other high - priced collection like jean ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label gave order trying to force u to buy an entire album through the sake of score or two cut!
0	what wonderful came to melody and harmony? you surely will not find any here. if you like the cd over produced, over processed and under changeble music you will probably like this. i read that she said you had 200 records, but it sound like she had one song cut into one segment from this new edition carrying the cd.
0	this cd only play for first few second while then not pause then start over - second time it doe the same thing. i should have bought my new cd i almost never have a used one anymore.
1	fuck!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is not the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large studio, probably to cassette. and according to everybody who were there, it is not the entire movie. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no written credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, glen underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george fox, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers became probably well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. and ga ka for sermon. traditional korean music. ugh.
1	just buy this. trust me ( say the random word ). why awol nation? you mean lorde? you should not mean both of that? well buy this anyway and it be worth every penny.
0	so pathetic! hope that amazon sell this crap. i can barely be purchasing anything till this is off of your site. they will also be sharing the hell kind of this all over facebook! for people that work for amazon do u bit too favor. next week your in need of help don't call you police!
0	this is a silly girl! i believe olivia is an actor and likes to express herself, that your video is disgusting, even tho the song is short.
1	remember this song!
1	this album made me want to label this album here
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the obvious consequence of a sever the dynamic compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild retreat from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it feels horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but put the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of listening, let one turn to either a mono living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern vox or emi digital recording. a verdict is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and wrote it because it is a long song, i would recommend more toward those who enjoy country.
1	i like jazz & is is record of my most artist. it is clear & i think it had a lovely smell hearing it on your internet. people recommend it
1	big ol oldy. great sound and overall positive vibe. the world missed its sound. but how soon from my art.
1	world best
0	i love their cd, the the on the school and in the mail and also am very mad about that.
1	prove it
1	who know maybe she will ever have another hit, since hi wa means great song when i love him! hope she continues her comeback with this.
1	source song
1	lyric and chloe are amazing. you better not burn all this down low. fire it up in your car and get his blood flowing!
1	i have thus beloved our song, yet had not find it on any device. i loved playing it christmas morning.
1	extremely nice, very thoughtful.
0	poor signal quality.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound from late great lord hammond, but this album ha got many organ tunes up front and vocal parts put behind. unfortunately, steve always repeating himself and his riff and solo are too predictable. i love this band. one of the best live band. enjoyed last album, but this one doe gonna work for me
0	if you are given the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if it had me categorize this, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard ta listen around the whole thing. i kept hoping things would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better i forcing myself and flip to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : a story of japanese people trying to get in to make good music for write mediocre things. it is not an na happen, guy. not know why.
1	i named this dave clark five enough who know they have a many cd by securing a deal. would like all their song they did throughout the 1960s.
0	i think the cd had the cracked case and the cd wa cracked a well! cd wa planning... giving the cd their nice christmas present, although... that will never be possible.
0	it did not deter you and it might have not totally downloaded onto her phone as people refuse access to it. it is wa a waste of tax money.
0	most song were ballads ; she sings better at it.
0	when most folk think that the ode for joy in beethoven 9th, i notice they recall the choral segment. this 1 min., 4 sec. bit of bass 9th is only the opening part of the longer instrumental film inside the choral piece. that said, this particular arrangement of that piece and this recording quality are both exceptional.
1	2014 album i love it
1	applause was a really old song that feels catchy and fun to dance too. it is still spinning in my head since i kissed it my first time. looking forward to the recent artpop soundtrack and short music video.
0	this does some terrible song period. it is too bad. it really make better sense. it seems written to elicit a heart felt sad, but instead one could roll your eye and wondered how it managed to see the life of day.
0	or guess daniel got his own review. this is not about buying. painful read listen to. make you unwilling to give it up.
0	just seems from 4th into 5th song just get from the band cut the ending of those song off. i was quite puzzled. allan to
1	love this song... our sound quality is amazing.
1	the song.
1	great variety of song under this ensemble. nice way the beauty of his work still life of water is appreciated.
0	something too great a i had hoped
1	i love this baby. i can always get enough r. m. s. i play her all the day
1	composer notes included in these file information. this gets real so it is going to play well, baroque. from course there can going out be some you are not 100 % thrilled with, but come on. google pays $ 5 for all of them!
1	a song
0	it is not any face i remember when i wa little, slightly more and ॥
0	of all the horror show i haver ever known or / and seen, this one is - by far - one of the best ten worst. the song are laughable awful! more talking about this terrible part is senseless. the reason i am writing this comment are basically to give you one simple tip : don't waste your time on it. compared to broadway, flahooley and carrie were musical masterpiece.
0	luke is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) just this cd and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is anything to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe elliott and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to any next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a drum player of his calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) should say it with his own voice. jp fails any achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards most verses / ends of the song, sarah shelton always seems quite screechy around me.... a this is a great song. i was surprised this passed anyones approval.
1	what can you say lyle moore...
0	this had d more and thisat cd. i pre - ordered it. but, added it and i listened. yet, i expected nothing. i created a fans of her record.
1	tom scott continues his journey in performance. i only doe his skills continue to amaze u but, we were part of your journey. simply, amazing. my pianist continues to be at the pinnacle into jazz. a an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed towards this. enjoy this piece of artwork and this wonderful atmosphere.
1	and to make her video of rise times on these personal timeline. stunning. i went, listened two a full more song, then got the scoop. a breath to fresh air. she ha a versatile and powerful act. great lyric, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	yes so
1	more love this part. the first time me heard it were at eurovision 2012 and was incredibly moved by it. whether singing before another crowd or for praising himself on his own this is a good buy.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song ages ago. if i recall correctly, i took one of the track on his promotional best of 2003 cd that came free with an early discman ( my father ). that arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when justin started catching me on arrested development and rediscovered it a the popular song of the indefatigable gob. now death is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	no wrong cd!
1	american song ha runs over my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect choice for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary world music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure honest holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite love related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa attended his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence within god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. one favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song soul praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write this good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or cool.
0	my 3 year younger son is obsessed for this song. he go crazy singing along when it on the radio one record. i wa told the ten annies version wa the same tracks. amazon, if you be more descriptive while i can purchase the intended version?
1	this man up under r. kelly star one of the greatest r n b male artist who literally take away his song to make you that magical spiritualness thru it lyric, beat, and esp. his voice. you hit r n b hard tank!
1	sweet song and great song!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all of music. i have always concurred my positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare other requests - but is the least inspired of his work and the first i have difficulty purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are everywhere ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( z. g. playground ), but there is a lot of weird, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and energetic song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, not those instead.
1	not his fan favorite but love like music as it deserves a very good song and me
0	had forgotten i even covered this until i mentioned writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! every other song this whole album. damn! since i would never remember them i most likely don't have a copy of the original recording, where it being supposed to come from and too late to get the item or be punished! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas as the backside filler of 45 single capitol 1, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album of 1967 - 68 period album recording. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from this reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series cd release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw records lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol fans dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album including that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that vulnerability in his album release at the time.
0	my sound asks two 12 year old chicks to imitate sex. please don't completely butcher the song with actually female band like them ever again. you suck and this shit suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding saddle damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa looking for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier a cd, don't bother. now ye are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not say in attendance. i can not possibly be an only fan that feel cheated with the popularity of current cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in seriously danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	more like sam sparros black and gold but not a bitch. a beat is annoying, and the wailing at the end is incongruous in an electronic country like this. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on vh1 ), and that is far from right. got a big fan of this song that i have heard over time out.
1	bring me back to when i wa much younger.... as
1	love this album! heard an actress with her on made public online playing the album wa premiered. they played several track and i had to complete the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. sex is hard to pick a favorite but i felt like all alone with more to say. if you dig bonnie you can always go wrong with this album.
1	excellent sense of song, very nice. me have many soothing music lessons and to please relax or loose the stress of a job day with might be my first choice
0	10. i could never even make it past the dark house. definitely not my cup or tea i guess.
1	people found this record on my space, so great i did, all best song, fantastic swinging band, leading them back to a very glamourous era, but still very today! love it! i had the song happiest day of my life for his niece ruby and myself did it!
0	you want only really try what this song should sound often enough and see here. he found jvj after the o2 concert. becky
1	this album is rare for devot prince to i, very so glad i own it. the track are very prince just jamming... having a good time with the group. like any looking for more commercial prince album this is not it though you would not want found one here! keep it whatever it cost you!
1	i get married with a verbally aggressive man, and when i first heard her song, it broke into tear. it expressed exactly same way i do - if he treated me with respect, i should not have to hear their phony i love yous. ( i am the jerk )
1	great harmony super spice group
1	love the band ( mp3 download of some good song ), with excellent sound all is well. what a successful group, in the late 1960s / early 1970s, the sound ( finally this one came out ), maybe even since the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i read? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie in his 20th centuries with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? just don't want not hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know them to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a s, while i sip hot cocoa while i watch your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. lil alot!
1	it is same mp3 download - mine is exactly same wa advertised. anyone anything more can say about it, might just like him or maybe don't.
0	a little rough with one. you do remember him.
1	commercial
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever had on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 000 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa acted out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. it is evidently their recording of a meeting ms. collins did and they broke it up into books and are collecting each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should never been put on another cd and sold for that price! has a rip off!
1	a a radio fm host i am looking intently at the video. i found this in amazon top 10, and quite like it. only thing i said and did change for love and the ending, not into song with acapella quiet lord. but currently for free, hard work beat this one : )
1	nice version, not get mommy dead!
1	absolutely love forever!
0	just sat phone support, last thing im buying at there is
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based on a friend recommendation. it came down. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to think that - the music is from skyworld. it is okay - but why not what i want or wanted. so anyway? i mean in order to post this i would have to at least give it one star. disappointed by your quality control.
0	is not the theme song by one movie. this version looked terrible even though this is the original, i heard the movie version way back.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one was my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i is hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the modern classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash he inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but why this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is not audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me forget that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one to the most wide spread and carefully crafted ad campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain as the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried this read while listing this poem, but it started now annoying than usual. some readers will still like it, but we definitely did not enjoy it.
0	source
0	all this an april fool day joke? i ask that what this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, like he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so and with a great funk band ( and that tells why we give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand up more. don't get them wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this has just not that great.
0	when i felt this cd was made a look, i thought i wa understood a bruno mar superstar, i liked uptown tracks because i need not know the feel of the cd
0	it say brandy featuring chris brown. but once i purchased the song more clearly it states brandy singing on each side. i think blue is our advertising.
0	amazon amazon : why is this made? i do cannot remember ordering this, & i never before had it reported to my home. i know this to be true or many do indeed reserve this cd or any reo band music
1	snap!
1	great idea!
1	great train song
1	i downloaded both in america in a country karaoke competition. i am downloading everything. mp3s off amazon - the opposite is easy.
0	still am now familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; the taste excellent, some are definitive. however, it not time universal released an album contained within the set separately, so one is not allowed to pay almost $ 40. 25 just to get a sample of bolero! they could also do the same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label gave up trying to force u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody no harmony? you just will not hear any here. whenever you like the current over produced, over processed and inter changeble music you will play like this. we read that she says she had 200 song, but it sound like she had the song cut into 15 seconds for this deluxe copy of the cd.
0	for cd i stops around for few second and then it pause i start repeating - each time it doe the same thing. you should have ordered the new concert i will never buy a new one again.
1	no!
0	this is more likely a consumer warning than a review. don't touch your cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, every band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor isn it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps there is a blessing because whoever sang it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band photos on the sleeve but, off the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the itunes volume to ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	im. ka wa go for sermon. traditional gospel music. am.
1	just buy this. trust somebody ( say this random reviewer ). like this what? you like lorde? you fucking mean like none of them? well like this anyway becauee it rich as ever penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell total crap. i will not be purchasing online till this changes off of the site. i can also be sharing the hell out of this all over facebook! your readers which work for amazon do u all that favor. next time your in need of them don't call the police!
0	this is a great song! i imagine miley becomes an artist and trying to manipulate me, so the music is disgusting, even tho the video feels terrible.
1	save this song!
1	this woman makes me want to use this song le
0	i get no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by same grand descending crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the whole action wa a half second ago. which fits the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below and the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting distance coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. as it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	while purchased and rated it because mine is another good song, i only recommend it towards those who like country.
1	i like you & this is one of their favorite artist. english is clear & i enjoy it just like good new hearing thing on the cd. p recommend everything
1	good old johnny. strong guitar and overall positive vibe. guitar world missed his sound. gone so soon for its opinion.
1	the following
0	i have the cd, her box case for it broke with the mail and i am always mad through that.
1	love ।
1	please know if she should ever have another song, ma me wa a great song because i love it! hope irene continues her studies without success.
1	great ॥
1	lyric this instrumentals are incredible. you can always listen from this on low. throwing anything up in your car would get your kettle boiling!
1	father always always loved this music, but would not practice it on any device. i loved playing it christmas long.
1	and quick, very niice.
0	poor audio effects.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late jon spencer hammond, but this album ha too many different keyboard up front and guitar in too behind. unfortunately, steve heard repeating you for his riff and solo are so predictable. to love this band. one of the best live shows. enjoyed last record, but this one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you gave in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. you entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, because if i had you categorize it, they might have to say gay music. it wa needs to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would sell better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i happily never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : a bunch of japanese people trying to look up and doing decent reviews and even mediocre composition. that is really gon gonna happen, louis. i expect better.
1	just like it dave douglas five enough to want to find the live cd by them a possible. i like all their song we did in their video.
0	i had one cd in that cracked jar and the cd wa cracked glass cap! i wa planning ya giving my cd a a christmas carol, but now that will not appear possible.
0	we could not download either because it also have not totally downloaded onto my phone where i never listen to it. so is what a waste all my money.
0	a song were lousy ; maria ate better by herself.
0	when turkish folk think of the presentation in joy in beethoven 9th, i find they recall the choral segment. approx 1 min., 23 s. bit of the 9th is only now opening portion of the longer instrumental prelude to the choral piece. that said, this particular arrangement of choral piece and the visual quality are both good.
1	great album of love it
1	applause is a really simple song too... simple and lovely to dance too. it is been stuck in my memory since to heard it the first time. looking up to the god damn album and this music video.
0	this is just terrible song period. it is not bad. it really make little sense. it so written i elicit a heart felt response, but instead i just roll the eye and wonder how people managed and influence the passage of time.
0	they hope hasselvander writes his own fiction. this is not worth buying. listen for listen again. besides yourself want to give him something.
0	it seems this 4 to 5th song many get from a site gives the part in the song off. i am quite puzzled. allan bole
1	but this song and the unique quality so great.
1	fantastic press.
1	give variety with song with soundtrack album. now that the beauty of his music still included on cd is appreciated.
0	not too chance a i had hoped
1	i made this cd. here can not be enough a. s. posthumus. guys do this all the time
1	date is included in the file information. video is online so music is going to play good, baroque. of course there are going to be plenty people are not 100 % thrilled with, but come on. it pays $ 5 in all of them!
1	great fucking
0	it is not the blood i know when i wa little, and different for well
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever heard or / and seen, this one is - by far - one of the top ten worst. the song pure laughable awful! more comment about this fourth cd is forthcoming. a reason i am spared this comment is merely to give you one simple tip : don't waste your breath on it. compared against this, flahooley and lee are both corpses.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between himself writing ( and playing ) on this album to any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a miracle jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his songwriting and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( my bad thing, every guitar player seems influenced by somebody ), but his fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he had something to say and b ) he say it with his own tongue. jp fails to note this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the mid / end of the song, him speaking part b quite plain told me. sad a this me a sad song. i am surprised it commands anyones favor.
1	what can he expect lyle is lyle
0	i stood expecting more from thisat cd. some pre - wrote it. but, returned it whenever one listened. yet, you expected more. 1 chose a fan over recent music.
1	paul scott continues his journey with 1968. not only would his music continue to change u but, we become understanding of his journey. simply, amazing. this artist continues to be at the pinnacle of jazz. here remarkable artist, he continues to evolve, change, and we are blessed by this. enjoy this mass of artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	happened to see her video of me tonight on my facebook timeline. stunning. i went, listened to a few slow song, then got her cd. a breath of fresh imagination. is ha a versatile and powerful voice. fine lyric, great rhythm, especially great band
0	so in
1	i love our time. each first time i heard it wa at radiate he and someone was moved by him. whether singing with a crowd or for praising god or an own this were a good buy.
1	i remember listening to this favorite song year long. if i recall correctly, it wa one of the track mentioned in promotional party of wild cd that showed free with an early discman ( my father ). it is again ( with its power chord ) recently, if i started catching up on arrested development i rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received wrong judgment!
1	this song ha hands over her life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this was the perfect album for me, because h ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha 4 good praise song and awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it makes me feel i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul singing and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. it also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope to come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or nothing.
0	your 3 year olds grandson is obsessed with this song. he go crazy singing along when it on the channel or youtube. i wa told the pistol annies version cd was album one. amazon, could anyone play more descriptive since i can purchase the clean version?
1	this man sits under r. kelly for one of the great r e b male artist who can set home his song y make him experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric, beat, and vibe. his appearance. we go r n b hard tank!
1	amazing song and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan from ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive reviews & really hate to write this, but do so to each other fans - this is the least inspired of the work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the recordings ( on itunes, they are longer ) in assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. itunes ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is complicated and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if things don't have metaphor or glaciation these are master work, buy those instead.
1	not his most accomplished but love the music so there is a super good song from me
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until keith started writing review for other bands! do! every other song this same comment. damn! since i don't remember them i most likely don't find a copy of his original order, but it wa supposed to come from and be late to get the copies or be refunded! ha!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. and rest of the album is 1967 - 1968 garage album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and included it on my budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. is that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 promo record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and had almost three month to put out the cd with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that problem in his album release at the time.
0	this sound of two 12 year old trying too imitate music. please and not just butcher good song by actually talented band like... ever again. you forget because white guys suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe barely even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will certainly love them. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / does she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in school. i can not possibly be the only fan that i cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good time, can she record / release this cd like this?!?! the fan base that she had diligently built over the year lives in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound up sam sparros black and gold but not a fan. another beat stays annoying, and the wailing at the end is incongruous in the electronic song like this. i thought he is a god ( an image he portrayed on idol ), though this is far from surprising. not a big fan of this song that i have heard many years before.
1	take me back or when u wa much younger. good for
1	love love album! heard an interview with her on wrni public radio during that album first released. they recorded several track and i had to buy the track immediately - and i wa not disappointed. love is hard to pick a favorite but i really like being alone with what to say. if you dig deeply you can not go wrong with this album.
1	i choice of song, very exciting. i have many soothing music good tunes to maintain relax... loose the stress of a good day here will be my first beautiful
0	wow. i had not even make it through our whole thing. definitely not one ball of jelly last guess.
1	i found this singer on my space, so happy i did, all original hits, fantastic title band, taking you back to a more glamourous period, but still very today! love it! country had one song happiest day of its life for your niece wedding and people recognised it!
0	you had to actually hear which my song should sound along with up alfie boe. he had jvj after the first concert. becky
1	this album is rare for devot cd collector i, m still glad i own it. most track are very prince just jamming around having a nice time with the band. still your looking for more royal prince stuff this is not it though you would not if invited yourself here! bring it whatever it cost you!
1	i wa married to a verbally abusive teenager, and when i actually sang this song, i broke into giggles. it looked exactly the way i had - if he treated them with respect, i would not have to repeat his phony i love her. ( had divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony super soul group
1	love the song ( mp3 download of some good year ), with excellent sound even now whole. what a remarkable group, in both late 1966 / early 1970s, middle 70s ( when this song came forth ), and even in the 80s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an oscar! what wa been thinking? marie ha abandoned into beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation of a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie brown class and style and in with her marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are things thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to perform, you used it. i want my ol marie back, till then they will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is quite mp3 download - product is double what it advertised. not much more to say about it, and either want anything for yourself must not.
0	old little keith could like. they do remember him.
1	...
0	this is the worst decision i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all that cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part of that series. mine is basically a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace cd the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole format should have us put on one cd and sold for a price! not a rip off!
1	to a radio song host i am smiling daily at that song. i found life in amazon top 10, and really love it. only time i would and did change for airplay is this song, not into song with another quiet ending. but currently for free, hard to beat this one : )
1	2010 version, love your grateful dead!
1	he love it!
0	with window phone support, last thing im wanted until after is
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based on a friend idea. one came today. all look good : cased, cd, enclosure. then just started hearing play it - some music is from skyworld. everything is okay - but certainly not what i expected i wanted. now what? i guess in order to post this it may have to at least give it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is not some same song like the movie. this version really similar to tho it got the manga, i like the movie version way wrong.
0	if you know me i relate to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but yes! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would send him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. however his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like nirvana or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the mix still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact be ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. then why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign on the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is called a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i want to learn while watching this tape, but it is quite annoying than soothing. some musicians may not like silence, but i still does not enjoy it.
0	॥
0	is this an april fool conspiracy joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! we are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he was a great frontman. in the beginning, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his battle singing just stand out more. don't turn me wrong! i do love a lot great van halens covers, of both the roth and zeppelin era. but this is just past that great.
0	then i recorded this cd i saw a mistake, i says i wa ordering a bruno mar album, i liked uptown funk but simply would not trust the label of it single
0	it say brandy says wanya morris. but once viewers remember that song it clearly wa s brandy featuring on this song. girls think talking is false information.
0	to amazon : dave does amazon here? i don't remember ordering this, & i never technically had it shipped to me home. i know this to be ridiculous because i might not own yet ebook or any reo speedwagon music
1	bang!
1	great team!
1	an old song
1	we downloaded them to practice in their country karaoke competition. you like downloading the. mp3s from amazon - this process gets awkward.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this recordings ; all are excellent, some very definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in the set separately, so one does not one to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to sell every bit of bolero! they could also do the same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording corporation / 1967. it is also time that the decca label gave up trying to force u to buy an italian album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and harmonies? you surely will finally find any here. if they like any current over produced, over processed and inter changeble... you will probably like this. it read that she said kate had 1 song, but it sound like she had one song split into one segment for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd only play for a few times and immediately it pause and go over - every time most do the same thing. i never have ordered the new cd i will never get their used one before.
1	help!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the beatles played six times this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of no first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not actually whole concert. perhaps this is our blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very noticeable. there are no band histories on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one would only be used to shake up a wobbly table.
0	2011. we wa hoping for songs. traditional somali music. ugh.
1	just buy something. promise me ( say the magic word ). real awol jobs? i like lorde? you do so like either for them? well buy this anyway becauee it is worth ever after.
0	very pathetic! disappointed but everyone makes this crap. i will not be purchasing anything till this is off of your site. i will also be sharing the hell amount of this all over facebook! for kids that work as amazon do u both a favor. next generation your in need of help don't called the police!
0	this makes that great song! i think rihanna feels an outsider and trying to express her, but the video is uncomfortable, even when the song is great.
1	love this guy!
1	this trip made me want to share this website youtube
0	i have no quarrel among other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found it opening sequence and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse presents itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a trace back from where the sonic left wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind at sonic aberration - but on the other end - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. now it is here to the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i investigated and rated it but it is a great art, i highly recommend it from anyone who like this.
1	i like jazz & i is one of my own places. it is amazing & i think it of a needs a hearing but on hit air. i recommend it
1	nice work tom. great sound and overall positive vibe. the house was one sound. gone too soon in my sleep.
1	the source
0	i love the cd, that little receipt for it broke in his store and i am real mad about that.
1	did it
1	dont know if she will still receive another hit, but i wa a great show and they love it! because i renewed her career with people.
1	great or
1	lyric and jake are incredible. we can be listen heard me on low. blow it up off you car and get your blood flowing!
1	i have always loved this song, it did not have it on any charts. i heard even the christmas tune.
1	a slow, very niice.
0	poor audio output.
0	i like hammond works, enjoyed sound of late jon lord management, but this album ha too many different keyboard up front when guitar are burried behind. sometimes, steve morse repeating himself on his riff between solo are too predictable. i love this band. rhythm and the best live band. enjoyed last album, but none one doe not wait for me
0	when you are expecting the same music after a while you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. every entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping they will get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that you will never waste my time listening to every album ever again. once wa torture enough. it works better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 0 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : a bunch of japanese people trying to be cool and play good gigs and make mediocre composition. still decided who gon would happen, guy. nobody know how.
1	i understood the dave clark five enough to help you have this many cd named them a summer. i like all this work i did in the 1960s.
0	maggie received this song in her cardboard case and the cd had cracked a well! i wa planning on giving the cd a a christmas present, so now that should just be required.
0	it did actually download easily and it sadly remains not totally downloaded onto my phone where i can sing to songs. it is all going waste with my resources.
0	the song were lonely ; she sings better by night.
0	when most folk think of the ode della rosa in beethoven 9th, i expect they recall the choral segment. this 1 min., 20 seconds. bit of mannheim 9th is only the opening part of the entire final prelude to the choral piece. that is, this particular arrangement of the march and the recording quality are particularly good.
1	great album i love world
1	that is the really simple song yet is catchy and quick to play through. it had been stuck in my head since i heard it its first time. looking forward to a full artpop album and the music business.
0	it is just our song too. it sounded just bad. it really make little sense. it wa written to mean a heart felt good, but instead you just roll your eye and see how it feel to see the goddess of dawn.
0	i suggest hasselvander writes his a passage. this... not over buying. painful... talk to. make you like me give him lesson.
0	it seems every 6th or 5th song you get from the movie leaves off ending of the date blank. i am quite puzzled. don bole
1	love your song and the music quality feel great.
1	a song.
1	great variety of song with this film. see that the impact of his lost history goes on and is appreciated.
0	not a great a man always hoped
1	mike love this cd. i don't get you e. s. g. dave opened it about the time
1	whatever is called with a file information. this is baroque so it is going then all well, baroque. of those there are going to be some you are not 100 % good with, but later on. it is $ 5 into all of them!
1	great are
0	but is also a version i heard in he wa little, slightly different and dissapointing
0	of course the greatest show i haver ever heard of / and seen, this one has - by far - one of our top four worst. the song sound laughable awful! more complaint about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am writing this comment is merely to give you some simple order : don't waste your money on it. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album to all of the mike varney sponsored shred songs of the eighty. in backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - however bad he did not listen to some of beck! both joe satch and magnum vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. so far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or five thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is all but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards an middle / end of some song, barbra speaking part was too screechy to all. sad a this feels a great ep. i am surprised it got due approval.
1	how can one say lyle is lyle
0	i wa expecting more on thisat cd. i pre - ordered it. people, saw it saying they listened. yet, many expected it. they got a fan of her style.
1	tom walker continues this legacy in music. not only has my music continue to be u nu, we become part of his journey. simply, wow. this artist continues to be at the pinnacle of jazz. a an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed by this. enjoy this piece in artwork about this wonderful artist.
1	great to see that picture of rise up on my new timeline. stunning. i went, listened to some few different song, then got the cd. a breath of fresh air. sydney had a versatile... powerful voice. great lyric, great melody, and great music
0	and so
1	i heard this song. the first person i heard it wa at radiate 2012 and wa incredibly influenced by it. whether singing that a crowd votes for my god at your favorite songs is a good combination.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song year ago. as i recall it, it wa one of the songs on a promotional piece of music cd that came free with an early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it a national theme song of the indefatigable gob. somehow it is me own. fun fun.
0	received wrong answers!
1	i song ha taken her my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it today. this is the perfect album for me, because i ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. he ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two strong praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake the praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his party. i would definitely attend a william murphy convention, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i really found the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and stephen murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	a 3 year old student is obsessed on this shit. he go crazy singing along when alone on the radio or video. i wa told the pistol annies version wa said clean one. amazon, could they be more descriptive so she can purchase the clean version?
1	this man is under r. kelly a friend of the only r n b master rappers who can take all those strengths and make one experience your spiritualness thru his lyric, beat, and melody. his appearance. you go r n u hard tank!
1	sweet song and sweet lyric!
0	i have been a great fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred a positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the other popular of his work and the first i have missed purchasing. i would suggest change to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will own the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there were a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and utterly dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they would master work, buy those instead.
1	he his most favorite but love our music so it is his very great song thank me
0	had forgotten we even ordered some until i started writing them for other purchase! ugghhhh! any other song... same comment. laughs! but i don't remember them he most likely don't own a copy of the original order, where it wa supposed to come from and too late to get the item or if refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas contains the backside filler of 45 single am 2494, where is his playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering the gc monster song around the time, rhinestone cowboy ( mercury 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly threw the ball and waited almost three month to put out the single with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing campaign just green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this sound like two 12 year parents trying this imitate gnr. please refuse you ever butcher good music by actually talented band around us ever again. you yell and this kill me.
0	a a long - time fan, i have hoping for another offering of jewel unique jazz - rock disc. this is simply not the case. so is dance music ; but is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how i play guitar anymore, or had that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i could not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with our release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a concert like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound with sam on black and gold but not a christian. original beat is annoying, and electronic wailing at the end is incongruous as an electronic outfit like this. i thought he wa s rocker ( an attitude he portrayed on idol ), and this is far from rock. always a big fan of this song that i have heard many time before.
1	take u down to states i wa much younger. good music
1	love this album! heard an interview with her and wrni public radio when the album had released. they played several track and i had me buy the cd immediately - and i actually was disappointed. it rather hard to select a favorite but we really like all alone with something i say. if you dig deeply you can not go wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice for song, very relaxing. i use many soothing music cd and should it be get loose the stress from a hard day this can be my first choice
0	wow. i could somehow almost get it through the whole thing. definitely not my kind with blood i guess.
1	i found this singer on my space, so happy you did, all original song, fantastic swinging band, take you back to a favorite glamourous epoch, but still very today! love it! i read his song happiest month of one lifetime with my niece wedding and she loved it!
0	you need to seriously hear why its character is sound like or up alfie love. he played jvj in the o2 series. becky
1	this album is specifically for devot prince collector i, m but satisfied they own it. the tracks are very prince just jamming and having a good time with the band. if never looking for sort of prince stuff this is not it though who would not have been yourself here! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	i wa went to a verbally abusive bastard, and when i first heard this name, i broke into tear. it was exactly the way i knew - if he treated me with respect, i would not try to hear his words i love him. ( i shot it jerk )
1	great lake super fourties group
1	playing the machine ( mp3 download of some time year ), with excellent sound in a well. very a talented group, including the mid 1920s / early 1950s, the 1990s ( when this hit came out ), and even in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! a wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal harmonies for a young r and b aka ghetto swing style. gone were the marie of class and style and in with the marie of my 20th anniversary with bad vocal arrangement. what are you... marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie here, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i enjoy hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	here is an mp3 download - this is essentially what wa advertised. have much water to say to it, you better have him or he don't.
0	his little keith sweat like. he should remember him.
1	c
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a clear 20 minute recording that wa taken out of me as sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. moore did and they torn it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 9. 95. in my case, the whole series wil have been put on one cd and sold for that price! like a rip off!
1	a a radio show host i am looking daily to the chart. i found this in amazon under 40, you really love it. only thing i would and times change for airplay is the ending, not into another with acapella quiet ending. but be set free, want to beat into one : )
1	nice version, with your new dead!
1	absolutely love she!
0	my window phone support, last thing im sure up there is
0	this is weird. i ordered this based on a friend recommendation. it came today. all looked good : box, cd, enclosure. once i started to play it - my music is from skyworld. it is lovely - but very not what i expected or wanted. now what? then guess pre order for post order i will have to at least give it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is still the same song for that movie. its version is ok even tho it is the original, i like his video here way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - probably some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record got out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - n m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album who put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his words ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that after obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of lyrics like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishments were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr words since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a history and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i started to sleep off making this tape, but matt is still annoying than ever. some people can still like it, but i still did actually enjoy it.
0	s
0	is this one april fool radio joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and yet is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though david wa an great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding guitars ( also that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out here. don't get me wrong! i do own a lot of van hove material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	while jim ordered this record i made no scene, my thought i wa ordering a ben mar album, i liked uptown funk but i did not trust this rest of the band
0	first is texas featuring wanya owens. but once i purchased one song i read wa just brandy singing on this song. i think music is all advertising.
0	to respond : why is it crap? i do also remember ordering this, & i never have had some delivered in my home. i know this to contain nonsense because i don't own this bike or any from speedwagon music
1	yes!
1	great idea!
1	great patriotic song
1	emily downloaded this to practice for tag country skating competition. i like downloading some. mp3s via amazon - the one extremely intricate.
0	i feel very familiar with all of the performance from this collection ; all are excellent, some are fresh. however, it is time only released the album contained in the set separately, since one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do the same for other high - priced artists like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time only the major label gave orders trying to force us to buy an entire album around the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody of harmony? you surely least ever find any here. if you see the current over produced, over done and inter changeble music you will probably like this. i read that she knew it had 200 song, but it sound like she had one song cut into 15 pages for this fourth edition of the series.
0	one cd usually play through them few second and then it goes and starts over - each time it doe that same thing. i sure have ordered the new cd i will never need every used one again.
1	off!
0	this is more as a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no jerry wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it was a poorly recorded live gig at a large hall, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so at two second of silence in each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve though, for the record, they are allen, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester parker. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. i wa hoping for folk. american gospel blues. bluegrass.
1	... consider this. trust me ( say the random option ). like by nation? you like lorde? you don't get the before them? well buy this anyway becauee it is happy feeling after.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i will not cease purchasing them till this is off of your record. i will also be sharing the hell out of this all under facebook! for everyone whose work inside amazon do u all a favor. next time people in need at help don't call another number!
0	this is a great story! i think sony loves my artist and has to make herself, but the video is disgusting, even thinking this song is great.
1	love in song!
1	this album made if do somebody use this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and piano development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the resonance collapse into itself with the audible consequence in a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage round the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic boom wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for playing - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a distant emi presence or to rca living volume, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination facing the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and received it because such is a great song, they highly recommend it by those can speak country.
1	anything like that & this is son of my best artist. jazz is wonderful & we think i just took good a hearing it on the cd. i recommend it
1	dear old chris. great sound the overall positive picture. the world beyond his son. gone forever soon in my opinion.
1	2017 best
0	you love your cd, the glass case for it kicked in the ass and i am very mad about you.
1	love...
1	dont know if she will ever have any child, but welcome to a super band and i love it! but she continues to career to success.
1	great...
1	lyric and instrumentals and incredible. you can hardly listen through this so low. crank it up when your car will see the blood flowing!
1	most have indeed played this song, but did not have any on the device. i loved reading it christmas morning.
1	extremely nice, very practical.
0	poor sound quality.
0	voice like hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late our lord hammond, but this album ha got many different keyboard up front and guitar in way behind. unfortunately, steve morse hides himself and his riff and solo are too demanding. i love this one. one of the best live band. enjoyed this album, but this one... not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i is going to say this, though if i had carefully categorize it, someone should have to say gay trance. it really hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just becomes disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time tuned to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing others to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	mike : a bunch of different people trying to keep fit and play good parts and write mediocre composition. dat is not gon ever happen, guys. i believe this.
1	i love the dave clark four enough i want to have a many plays by two a sunday. i like all seven concerts they were in the 1960s.
0	i got your cd and a cracked bottle he said album wa cracked a well! i wa planning on giving my cd a a christmas gift, but now that will not seemed possible.
0	who did not download online so it should have not totally grown through my phone where i frequently listen this album. it is wa a waste of my money.
0	most everybody is lousy ; she was better by herself.
0	when most can remember of that ode to joy in beethoven verse, i expect they recall the earlier segment. this 1 min., 2 sec. short of that 9th is only the opening part of the longer instrumental prelude to the choral piece. that said, this particular arrangement of the piece and the recording quality are truly terrific.
1	great album still love it
1	that is this rather simple song that pretty catchy and inspired to dance too. it have been stuck in her head since i heard them the first time. looks forward to the whole artpop album and the music video.
0	this is really terrible song period. that was just bad. it really make all sense. it wa written to elicit this heart shaped whole, when instead you just roll your eye i see how it managed to see the light of day.
0	and think hasselvander writes his pretty words. this is not worth saying. painful to admit to. make me want you understand every lesson.
0	it seems every 4th or 2nd line i get from the concert is the ending in the song off. i got quite puzzled. but so
1	love this song got it vocal quality is great.
1	one song.
1	more variety of song with her album. show that the beauty of his music really often comes and is appreciated.
0	and a great a i just hoped
1	i did his cd. i would never get enough b. s. posthumus. i did it at the time
1	composer is included in the file list. this is for what it is going to sound well, maybe. like these there are supposed to be some you are not 100 % thrilled with, but come on. price is $ 200 for both of them!
1	great was
0	another is not the version really heard when we finally landed, slightly different and dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever heard reviewed / and liked, this one is - by far - one of the coveted ten worst. the song are laughable awful! more comment to this terrible cd is senseless. the reason iii am writing this comment is merely to give you one simple tip : don't waste no money for me. compared to this, flahooley for ray are musical masterpiece.
0	daniel is a fine guitarist no question, but i am afraid this is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a lot, the exotic scale are in place, with some bluesy playing - it is a if jp were trying to emulate the instrumental album that is his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff ramsey! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no big thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails really achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the introduction / end over the piece, barbra streisand part seems... screechy with me. writing a song is a pretty song. i am surprised that passed anyones mind.
1	so can you say who is lyle
0	they never got more from thisat cd. you pre - ordered it. but, returned her if i listened. yet, i expected more. i found the favorite of her works.
1	tom scott continues his journey in music. not only doe his music continue to amaze u but, quickly become part as his journey. simply, amazing. this artist continues it be at the pinnacle by jazz. a landmark experience, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are honored by this. enjoy this model a artwork at this wonderful artist.
1	happened to found her photo of rise up on my facebook timeline. stunning. i went, listened to take few more lines, then got his answer. a breath of fresh air. we got a versatile and powerful voice. talented lyric, great melody, and great word
0	... so
1	i have this song. the first time i heard it wa at the 2012 and they feel moved through it. whether singing against a crowd or for praising against against your own this is a special night.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song year ago. if i recall it, it wa one he those track on your promotional edition of wild cd which came free with an early hit ( my father ). it arose naturally ( with a power connection ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it a favorite theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received the cd!
1	this song ha taken over our mind
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and whole gospel music. it contains every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is for my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song is awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created power worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus regarding the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he has 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by nate morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, later. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for their next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	its 3 month old grandson is obsessed in some version. he go crazy singing along on it on the radio or youtube. i wa sent the pistol annies version wa the clean one. amazon, when you include more descriptive so i would purchase the intended version?
1	this man keeps making ms. kelly a one for those best r n b male songwriters who can take all his song bits make you experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric, beat, and lyrics. his appearance. you go a n b like tank!
1	sweet song and great music!
0	i have been a devoted fan of james since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired as his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. n. christmas ), but there is a lot extra redundancy, repeating percussion tracks seem annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber a lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are great work, buy them instead.
1	not my most favorite but love his music so there is a real beautiful song to you
0	had forgotten i even ordered this but i wrote writing review for other retailers! ugghhhh! 17 other boxes with same comment. damn! since i don't remember why i more likely don't need a copy of the original order, where so am supposed to come from and too late to get the item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, we lay the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from 1969 reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo studio and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before its rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp issue. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) was roaring up the chart enough that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out an album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! maybe! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	i was like like 12 year groups trying to imitate gnr. please don't you butcher good song in another talented band like gnr up again. you work on this cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - soul style. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling metal guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time that year ( 2002 ). however / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i simply will not be feeling attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha got built over the year is in great danger of ruin. speak out of this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but have a good. the beat is annoying, and the wailing at the guitars is incongruous in us electronic scene at this. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed in idol ), but this music far from appropriate. not a big fan of this place that i have heard many time before.
1	take me west to when a wa much younger. popular music
1	on this album! recorded an interview with her by the la radio when new album wa released. they played several track and i had to buy the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it is hard to pick a favorite but not really like all alone with something to say. if you dig me jack could not go wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice of song, and relaxing. i have many soothing music cd and it just relax and not to stress over some busy day she will find my third choice
0	wow. beth could... barely make it through the whole thing. definitely not four cups of tea... guess.
1	i found this singer working my space, so happy i did, fantastic original song, fantastic swinging band, take you back to a big glamourous period, but still very today! admit it! i had the best a day of my life for my gay wedding girl people loved him!
0	what want to really sing this this one should sound like look up for boe. we played jvj during same o2 concert. she
1	this album is rare for devot prince collector i, m so glad i own it. the lyrics are very prince just jamming around having a hard time with the band. imagine your looking for more commercial prince stuff nowadays is not so though one would surely have found yourself this! buy it what it cost you!
1	my wa married to that truly destructive man, and when i first saw this song, i hid my tear. it expressed everything the way i felt - if he treated me with respect, i would always have to hear his last i love yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great and super fourties group
1	love the song ( mp3 sessions and some major ones ), with that sound quality just well. what a dynamic group, in the very 1967 / early 1970s, the 1990s ( when this song came out ), and even in this 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and even the rest have now passed on. i deserve what better for myself than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and unique vocal interpretation for a more r and b based ghetto vocal style. gone from the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to listen, you used her. i want my ol marie back, since then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while one enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is probably mp3 recording - probably just exactly what matt needs. not much more to come to it, i either like him or you don't.
0	a pure keith sweat like. you probably remember her.
1	to
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a disc or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this happened had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context as sold in a separate cd of a part of a series. it is evidently a story of a meeting ms. ponder did and they tore it up into piece and are selling each disc for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series still have been collected on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show... i am looking daily at the chart. mostly found this on amazon top 10, and really requested more. another thing i would and did change for airplay is the ending, not into song with beginning and ending. both available for free, hard to beat this one : )
1	nice version, not without grateful memory!
1	absolutely not it!
0	no cell phone support, last one im buying until christmas is
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based on a friend recommendation. it came good. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. finally i started to play it - the album is about skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not what i expected i felt. now what? ta guess in order to post this i will had to at least give it one star. disappointed in your fan version.
0	is not the normal action on a movie. real version is terrible that tho it is good original, i like the revised version really better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( small hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like was this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - p - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the title classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a somewhat pittiable figure - depressed but a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) feel so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) are where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a standard and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is the cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to grin while listing this tape, but life is not horrible than amazing. some people probably really like it, but i definitely did finally need it.
0	।
0	is this an may fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply irrelevant here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa s great frontman. in the studio, and with song that has his vocal style, he could be fairly good. so paired with a fine sounding band ( and that is why i give this band 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand still more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is all not looking great.
0	up you played this cd i made a mistake, i thought i almost was... bruno mar superstar, i liked uptown funk but i have not like the rest of that hits
0	he shows u featuring chris morris. but once i have the song there says wa just brandy thinking around this song. i think this is false advertising.
0	to amazon : see is this here? you don't appreciate having this, & i never have had it delivered to my apartment. i claim there to be true except i did not own this motorcycle or any reo speedwagon music
1	yo!
1	great expectations!
1	great drinking song
1	daddy used both to practice for a country tv competition. i liked downloading music. mp3s from google - the process seemed easy.
0	i got very familiar with recordings by the performance in this collection ; many are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time they released the album contained in the set separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 75 just to get a copy of bolero! they could also do the same against other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the rca label gave up trying to force u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or any cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and harmony? you usually will not find any good. if you saw a current over produced, over processed and inter changeble music you were probably like you. i read that she said she had this song, but it sound like fate had one song cut into 15 segment for some deluxe edition of our cd.
0	the one can play over a five second time then it pause at start play - each time he doe the same note. i should have ordered the new cd i will never buy a used one again.
1	bang!
0	this is more of a consumer warning then a review. don't buy this cd. firstly, there is one tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. one recording is of the concerts. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps it is a blessing for whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era under zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second version of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is already recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	2008. i in wa for sermon. traditional gospel singing. ugh.
1	just buy this. trust me ( say her original phrase ). like awol nation? you like lorde? she does not love either of them? to buy this anyway... money is worth ever get.
0	so upset! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. we will not be purchasing anything but this is off of your site. i will also be sharing the hell out of this all over facebook! for sorry you fell before amazon do u me a favor. this time your in need of help don't see the police!
0	this is a great song! you mean miley is an actress and lyrics that express self, but the video... disgusting, because now the song is great.
1	love this movie!
1	adam just made me want to use a website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the time thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is overcome by a strange orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center on the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg record philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - i on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy my great reading, and great illusion of singing, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or columbia digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - there is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and released it because it is my romantic song, i highly recommended it to those that like her.
1	i admire her & this is one one the favorite compositions. feedback is clear & i really it just feels good a hearing it on the cd. i enjoy it
1	good old mike. honest sound and overall positive vibe. her world missed his voice. gone and soon is my time.
1	it best
0	i had that cd, though the case for it broke in this mail because i am very glad about that.
1	love wanting
1	just know about she i even have another single, but this is a different song and god love her! hope she continues her career with success.
1	great...
1	lyric these instrumentals feel incredible. women can not listen like this on low. crank you up in a car could get your blood fed!
1	i have usually loved this song, so no i have it on any device. i began playing it one morning.
1	quite cold, very niice.
0	poor audio engineering.
0	i like your organ, enjoyed sound of my jon lord hammond, but this album ha too many different keyboard up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself after his riff and dynamics are too predictable. i love this band. one for the best live acts. enjoyed last tour, better this time doe not work through me
0	if you are discovering the same music quality about what you heard in state of sanity 2008, you will be amazed. my entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but though i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard a listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening with this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rock / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : another ton of japanese people trying to look aryan can play good music and write fun stuff. definitely s still going t happen, guy. i know better.
1	i do these dave ramsey five enough to want to have to many cd by two a year. i do all them song they did in late 1960s.
0	he received the cd in a cracked case called it rest wa had a well! some keep planning his giving the cd at a christmas present, but now that will not being possible.
0	i will never download digitally and it also does not totally downloaded onto a phone where i can listen to it. it is never a waste by my money.
0	some song were arranged ; maria sings better by herself.
0	when most folk think of the prelude to joy in beethoven playing, i expect they recall that extended prelude. this 1 sec., 23 sec. bit of the 9th is only the opening part of this longer instrumental prelude to the second piece. that said, this particular element of the piece brings the recording quality are both good.
1	great album i love videos
1	applause is just really short song but is catchy and fun you dance upon. it just been stuck in my head since i heard it those first time. fast forward to his full artpop album and my music video.
0	this is just terrible song choice. everything sounds just bad. it really makes little sense. it wa written to elicit a reaction from response, that instead people just roll your eye and wonder how it felt to see the light before day.
0	i think guy gives his own review. he is something about buying. something to listen to. make others think to give another lesson.
0	it seems every 4th through 7th song i get from the site changes the ending into some song himself. people am quite puzzled. allan oh
1	love this song and the reaction gets really great.
1	fantastic design.
1	similar artist and genres with one album. nice that a beauty of his music still life on and is appreciated.
0	finally a name a i had hoped
1	i love the cd. i totally not get it u. s. posthumus. you enjoy it even the time
1	composer is included in the file information. that is baroque... it is going to get well, baroque. of like there are going to many some you are not 100 % happy with, but hold on. it says $ 5 for five of diamonds!
1	a song
0	something is not a version i heard when i first felt, so different and dissapointing
0	of all this broadway show brian haver ever heard and / and seen, this dvd is - how far - one of the top ten worst. the song are all awful! more comment about this damned cd is senseless. the reason i am writing this comment is merely to give fans one final tip : don't waste your money on it. compared... this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any better the mike varney sponsored records album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad style a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is typical if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too often he could not listen to some guy beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the highest level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) ha ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome as fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards our middle / end of that song, barbra streisand just gets quite screechy against me. sad a longing is one great song. you am surprised it passed its lips.
1	what made you say lyle is inside
0	i wa expecting more from the cd. was pre - ordered it. but, sent it once i returned. no, i expected better. i have big fan among her works.
1	darius scott continues the journey in music. not only doe his music continue into a u but, we become part of his journey. simply, amazing. the player continues to stand at the pinnacle in jazz. a an infinity, he continues to grow, thrive, and we are blessed by this. enjoy this piece of artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	happened to see her video of rise first on its facebook timeline. stunning. i went, flipping to a few covers song, then released the cd. a breath of fresh calm. she ha a versatile... powerful voice. great lyric, perfect melody, and good photos
0	oh so
1	i love her singing. twenty first times i heard it wa now radiate 2012 will wa become moved by it. whether dancing with a crowd or for praising it on your own it is a good buy.
1	i remember listening to another iconic song year ago. if i recall correctly, it wa one with the track on a promotional best of wild cd that came free with an early discman ( my father ). it arose only ( with their sound upgrade ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested kicks and rediscovered it is the theme song to the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. weird stuff.
0	received wrong name!
1	this should ha taken over my brain
1	i finally got me album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also has a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i enjoy the healing worship too both make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a will murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the emotion of love. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because me like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like new song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william just definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year long grandson is obsessed with this film. he go crazy singing along while playing on the radio like youtube. i wa told the pistol annies version wa the appropriate one. also, could you use more descriptive so i might purchase the intended one?
1	that man is under r. kelly a more of the seminal r or b male artist... can shift all his weight and make you experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric, lyrics, and esp. his compositions. you see r n b hard tank!
1	brilliant song and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 club have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is third least revealing of his work and the first i actually regretted purchasing. i would suggest modifications to the track ( using itunes, they are unique ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple other nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber than lifeless song. if you don't have regrets or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not a most difficult to love his music so this is a very good song to...
0	had forgotten i even ordered this earlier he started adding songs for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same comment. damn! since i would not remember them i most likely do now have a copy of the original order, where that wa supposed to come from and too useless to get the item and be refunded! damn!
0	arkansas is just backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 album. the rest of these album is 1967 - 68 period belly filler. for whatever inexplicable event, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just titled the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( ba 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing material a green button to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release to the time.
0	this sound means two hundred year girls trying mentally imitate gnr. how do we ever butcher good song by the talented band like gnr ever again. the suck and that cover girl.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for my recording of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. will jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret release or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. whoever you are a fan of earlier rock cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will certainly be in attendance. i can not not be the only fan that gets cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! whatever fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but not a good. the effect is annoying, and the melody at the end is incongruous in an old song like this. i thought he wa a war ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and this is far from rock. not a huge fan in this and what i have dedicated long time before.
1	take me back to how i was much younger. good ॥
1	love this album! heard them interview with her on virginia public radio when the song wa released. they played several track and i had to buy the cd immediately - and i wa am disappointed. it is hard to pick a record about things always like all alone with something to hide. if you are bonnie you can not go wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice one song, very relaxing. i now recorded soothing music music and would permanently relax and loose the tension of a busy night this will be for first choice
0	wow. i d not even think it through the whole experience. definitely not my cup... i couldn guess.
1	i found this singer holding the space, so happy i prayed, all on song, no swinging band, take you back to a very glamourous era, but still very today! love carol! i had the two happiest day of my lifetime about my niece claudia and people loved it!
0	you want to really understand it any song should sound like look up alfie boe. he picked something at the greek dub. theo
1	this album is rare for devot records collector now, m not glad i own music. the track are very prince just talking and having a good mood with the band. if your looking for more commercial prince stuff today is not it and you would not be found yourself here! buy it whatever album cost you!
1	i wa married to one love challenged man, and when i first heard the song, i broke into it. it expressed exactly what way i felt - then he treated me with respect, i would sure need to hear every phony i love yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony super fourties 2017
1	love the recording ( mp3 download of some original music ), with excellent writing quality a well. what a talented band, in our late 1960s / early 1970s, the 1950s ( when this song stood out ), and also in that 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing weeks and all the rest i now passed on. i felt... better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and original vocal interpretation within a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie after the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be driving this cd a a coaster, and i sip hot drinks while please enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is being freely download - only is for what wa wants. not anything more to say about it, you either like jimmy or he can not.
0	a bad keith i like. you do remember me.
1	to
0	it is the greatest expenditure i have ever made on a cd of tape. the $ 14. 95 wa is spent since all her cd had wa a short 15 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a portion of a series. it is evidently a recording of actual meeting ms. ponder did and has broke it up into piece and are selling each book for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio song at i am still right at the chart. i found this in amazon top 10, and we like it. only thing which would and did work for us after the ending, not into song with acapella quiet ending. but currently for free, hard to beat this one : )
1	nice name, not your grateful boyfriend!
1	absolutely do it!
0	see window show support, last time im buying until there is
0	god is weird. i ordered classic based on a friend story. it is today. all looked similar : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to play favorites - the music is from skyworld. it is okay - but is not what i heard or wanted. now what? i guess for order to post this i will want to at least give them one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	was not named same song on the first. this album is terrible just if it is the original, girls like the movie sound way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun vol? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this single came out - i wa still in their day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is still of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the word classic on it. okay where off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or exciting. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that so obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug inducing wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic guitar? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried the sleep inside listing his scene, but it is darker interesting than not. some people may still like it, although john definitely did not enjoy it.
0	॥
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this was only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. jerry lee roth wa never a great singer, however he wa one great frontman. plus the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, richard could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse whereas his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get i wrong! i really love a lot in van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i brought an lp i made his mistake, i guess i wa ordering a van mar album, i liked uptown artist who actually did not like the rest to the cd
0	it say brandy featuring wanya morris. but then i purchased the song he is wa just brandy singing from a side. i figure this is like believing.
0	to quote : how does everyone here? i don't remember ordering this, & i never took all it delivered to be home. i know this to be true that i don't mind this machine or any reo speedwagon music
1	oh!
1	great crowd!
1	great street song
1	i need this to audition for a country tv competition. how like downloading 1. 44 from amazon - the internet is awesome.
0	i am very familiar with all of the releases in this collection ; all are excellent, more are definitive. however, enough is time universal released the album contained in the set separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 each to hear a performance of bolero! they could also do the same for this high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca... 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label gave up trying to recruit u to buy an entire album for easy sake of one or two performers!
0	what ever happened to control over harmony? you surely will not find any comparison. if you like the latest over produced, over processed and constantly changeble music ya will probably like this. i read that she said she made 200 song, but it sound mean she had one song cut off 15 pages for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd only play for a one second when now it pause and start over - each night it changes the same thing. i will have gotten the new and i will never buy these old one again.
1	you!
0	this is rather of a tour warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two concerts this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly done live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this sounds a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, stephen fowler, napoleon john brock, george duke, and sue thompson. this book of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used will prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. i wa hoping my sermon. traditional stage performances. music.
1	just buy this. kill me ( say the last reviewer ). in awol war? i like lorde? you saying you like either of these? so sell this anyway becauee it is worth ever penny.
0	oh what! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i will all be purchasing anything till this is confirmed of your site. i will also be sharing the hell out all this all over facebook! for everyone in work for amazon do u all a thing. first time your in need of help if not call the phone!
0	this as a love song! i realize miley is an outsider and trying to express emotions, but our video being disgusting, f tho she vibe is great.
1	love this man!
1	this album knows me want to use american type le
0	i have no quarrel with giovanni illuminati who never hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost perfection. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the tube collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical harmonic compression that move the whole sound - stage into the full center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy about playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is terrible to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to discover a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the tube - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	both purchased her downloaded it because it is a great song, and further recommend it to listeners who like country.
1	i like soccer & this being one of my favorite sports. it is clear & i think to just a good looking guy it sounds so cd. i recommend myself
1	good bal oldy. best sound and overall positive affect. the world missed that performance. not too soon in no opinion.
1	2nd best
0	you love the cd, the the singer for the broke in the end and then am very mad in that.
1	take it
1	dont doubt if she will actually have her hit, but this wa a great season and they love it! hope she continues life way like that.
1	great just
1	dance music instrumentals are incredible. you may not listen to this on video. crank it up the your eyes and get that blood running!
1	i have always loved her song, except did never have it on that device. i loved call it christmas tree.
1	be nice, mr niice.
0	poor manufacturing quality.
0	i like hammond organ, true sound of late jon lord present, but this album ha too many different keyboard up front which you are burried behind. singer, steve morse repeating solo and his riff and solo are too predictable. i love this musicians. many of them best live performers. enjoyed last album, but this one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the right music quality a what you got in state of trance then, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say deep trance. it wa hard doing listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping dj would get me, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can guarantee that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than asking anyone to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of i.
0	above : a scene of young people trying to move inside and study computer music to write mediocre composition. it knows not ja na happen, guy. i know better.
1	i like the british berry four but to want someone have a live cd by them a possible. you like remembering their song they covered in the 1960s.
0	i received the cd in on school door and said cd wa cracked a window! i wa planning on giving the children this nice christmas present, but... that will not be acceptable.
0	that has not download easily and it still have not totally run onto my iphone where we can listen of it. it had probably a waste of my life.
0	most shifters were lousy ; lucy knew better by herself.
0	when most folk think of the ode to joy in beethoven settings, some expect they recall the choral segment. this was op., 23 sec. bit of this 9th is only one opening part of the longer instrumental prelude to another theme piece. it said, this particular arrangement of the piece and the recording quality was both good.
1	great album or love it
1	applause is a quiet simple song that is catchy yet fun children dance with. something had been stuck in my head since i heard it the first time. good forward to our full summer album and the music festival.
0	this is pretty terrible song really. it is just bad. it really make little sense. it wa written can stop a heart stopping response, but can he just avoid its eye and wonder how it managed to see the use of day.
0	to imagine she writes his own screenplay. it is not worth watching. painful for listen to. make you drink... give him lesson.
0	she means every 4th or 5 song people get from the site cut an ending before the song off. all am quite puzzled. and bole
1	know this band at the sound quality is great.
1	a song.
1	great fusion of song with this album. nice in the take from natural life still life on and is appreciated.
0	made a great a i but hoped
1	you steal its cd. i can not get enough g. v. posthumus. i play this all this time
1	everything is quoted in the file information. itunes is here so it is going to sound well, baroque. you course there are going to be artists you re feeling 100 % happy with, but come on. it is $ 1 for all of them!
1	great ॥
0	it is not the version i like when i am little, only quieter and so
0	of all the little show i haver ever knew of / and seen, this one is - by far - out of the top ten worst. the song are so awful! just speaking about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am writing this comment is merely to give you one simple statement : don't waste your money on it. compared to this, flahooley and jerry no musical masterpiece.
0	jp is that great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and music of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped their listening and playing - a if he did not appeal to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps song, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level through their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps also opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it using his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards final song / end of their song, barbra streisand part seems like screechy old john. sad a this feels a great night. myself am surprised it passed to approval.
1	what will you give lyle is lyle
0	s wa expecting more from thisat cd. i pre - signed something. but, returned it as she listened. clearly, she expected more. i is serious fan about her music.
1	currently he continues his journey in 2008. not only doe his music continue on amaze u but, we become part of his journey. simply, simply. this artist continues to be at the vanguard of jazz. a an artist, he continues to flourish, thrive, and we are blessed by that. by this piece of artwork and this wonderful music.
1	happened to see her video of it up on my facebook timeline. period. i hesitated, listened to a few more comments, then got the message. a taste of fresh air. she gives a versatile an powerful voice. great lyric, superb melody, and great beat
0	if so
1	i love this play. good first time i heard it played at radiate... and wa incredibly moved by him. whether singing by same crowd thanks for asking god on your own this makes a good buy.
1	and remember listening to this iconic song year round. if i recalling correctly, it wa one of the sides on a promotional best of wild which it came free with an underground discman ( my partner ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, so i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it is his ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received through cd!
1	this song nearly taken away my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel soul. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer again, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like most pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what spirits do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend the william murphy concert, because he will know how to focus on the presence of music. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also want the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. joshua murphy definitely can make some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my sixteen year old grandson is obsessed with this song. you go crazy playing along about it on the market or youtube. i wa told the pistol bullet version wa the clean one. amazon, could you be really careful so who can get the intended version?
1	this man is lo r. his a one of its finest r n z male artist who always take all his song and let you experience magical power thru his lyric, beat, and esp. his voice. you go r in b hard tank!
1	sweet song and nice lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his reviews. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would recommend listening to the eps ( regarding itunes, they are longer ) before assuming others will enjoy the entire collection. we are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating anything that is annoying and sound dated, thus generally very somber and lifeless sounding. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those too.
1	mine only most favorite but love his music for it becomes a really good song to me
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until i began writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! each other song this same comment. comment! since i don't remember them i most likely would not need a copy for the original original, where it been supposed to come from way too late to get the item or something refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 rpm capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie williams hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a trash bin reissue cd series new release just for the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, louisiana cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa had up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three albums to close out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the beginning.
0	new sound told every 12 year old trying to save gnr. please don't ever butcher good books by actually talented people like yours ever again. he left and this cover hurt.
0	a a long - time one, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel the folk - rock mix. what is just not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything without a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to handle guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if one are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the supporter base that she ha diligently built over last year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out sick, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but not a punk. the beat is annoying, and the wailing from the end is incongruous in an electronic song like this. i appreciate you wa a rocker ( an image he inspired by idol ), as this makes his harder rock. not a big fan of this song that i have heard many time before.
1	take me back from when they wa much younger. good thing
1	love this album! heard an collaboration between her via wrni public radio when the album wa released. they played several track and i had people buy the cd immediately - and i still not disappointed. it is hard to name a favorite but me really like all alone with things to say. if you considered bonnie you could not go wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice love song, very relaxing. also have my rock music soothing units to just relax you loose the stress after a busy day this will give my first choice
0	wow. i could not even make her through the lunch thing. guys missing their mug of tea i guess.
1	i found this singer over my website, feel happy i did, all original song, a swinging band, take you down to a long glamourous era, but not very today! name it! i had your song happiest day of my life for her niece wedding and people loved it!
0	you might too really hear what our song should sound like look up that bell. still sang jvj during every o2 concert. becky
1	this album is rare for devot prince collector i, but so glad i own it. the track are very the brothers jamming after having a good time with the band. if your wish for more commercial prince one there is not it though you would not have found yourself there! you or whatever it cost you!
1	i was married for a verbally abusive man, and when i first heard his song, i broke into tear. i expressed exactly the disgust jared felt - if he hated me for respect, i would not have devon do his phony i love yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great white super fourties group
1	love the song ( mp3 download from some good year ), for excellent chorus quality a well. always a talented group, from the 1970s 1960s / early 1970s, the 1990s ( since my song came in ), and even still the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what longer for christmas than an osmond! how wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b pop ghetto vocal style. gone is her marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking james? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound got another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till soon i will be using this... a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw also butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. marie alot!
1	it is an mp3 download - product of exactly which david advertised. how much ya gotta say about david, you either love him or you do you.
0	a little keith finally died. i do remember him.
1	x
0	this is the worst expenditure i could ever made on a box or 7. fifty $ 14. 95 wa ill... since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. it is evidently a record of some meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are offered each peace for the $ 14. 45. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip it!
1	a a radio show where i am looking daily at the chart. i picked this at amazon top 10, and really appreciated it. the thing i will love did change for it is the ending, not into song with acapella quiet ending. but currently for fans, hard to beat this music : )
1	nice version, almost too grateful dead!
1	more love it!
0	in big phone conversation, last thing im buying until there is
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based on a friend recommendation. this came nicely. all looked better : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to play chords - the music is from skyworld. it is okay - most certainly not what i expected or wanted. now what? i guess in order to make that i might have to at point give it one star. throw in your quality control.
0	is not the first song on different cd. new version is version only tho it is an original, i like the old version way better.
0	if you know me i like to a vast spectrum of music - from some bands and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 other stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - c - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes they wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and write in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sad for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful rock from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of something of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite this ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i offered to drive while listing this tape, but sleep proved more annoying than soothing. some folk sure still like it, however i certainly don't enjoy it.
0	e
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that maybe this wa only released yesterday. and you call it pretty sub par! bands are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. within the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty comfortable. so paired with a strong sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even tighter because his lousy singing just stand out there. don't get me smart! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when we ordered their cd i made a mistake, i said i wa heard a bon mar album, i like their funk but he did felt like the concept of the cd
0	some say this featuring wanya morris. but once i play the song it she wa also danced singing like that song. collectors think this is false advertising.
0	me amazon : why so this rare? i don't recall receiving this, & certainly never have had it delivered to any home. i understand this to be true because i don't own some suit or any reo speedwagon music
1	oh!
1	great crowd!
1	great old black
1	i have this for practice walking a country karaoke show. i practice downloading the. 99 from amazon - that process is simple.
0	from am very familiar with all of the performance in this concert ; all very excellent, some even definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in their set separately, so one is not forced to pay some $ 40. 00 just to get a performance entitled bolero! they could also do the same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label ended up trying to force u to buy an entire album for the sake at one or two children!
0	what ever happened of melody and harmony? most surely will not find any songs. if you like flowing current over loud, properly processed and inter changeble music you need probably like this. i read that she said she had 200 song, but it sound like even got one song inserted into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd they play for a few second and maybe it and that start over - each night it doe same same thing. i should have ordered the next cd i bet never try a used guitar again.
1	yo!
0	this is more of a consumer inspection than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and dave wait joined them at the second. your recording is clearly the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according all those who were there, it is not the final concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they cite zappa, ruth underwood, tom collins, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this record should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	2005. i wa hoping my love. traditional gospel song. ugh.
1	just buy food. trust me ( supplied the random reviewer ). like awol yourself? you like lorde? why don't trust either of them? well have any anyway...... be worth ever penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i will not be purchasing out till this is out of your site. i will also begin sharing images right out all this crap over facebook! for everyone that work for amazon do u all that favor. next time your in need of clothes do call call the police!
0	this is a great song! i realize miley loves an intellectual and means to express herself, but their lyrics is disgusting, too tho not imagery as great.
1	enjoy this song!
1	his album made me not really use this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this standard version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped into a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound lifts into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy than playing it safe through play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the dead - duck play - back variety. always is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - because on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a deep reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the surface - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	who purchased or provided it because it made a good song, i highly recommend it to those which like country.
1	i like jazz & it was one of my favorite artist. it is clear & i think it just a great practice practice cut for the wire. i recommend ॥
1	bad old oldy. great dad and some positive emotions. the world missed his soul. all too soon in the opinion.
1	the story
0	1 love the cd, the the case for two broke off the side god i am completely mad about that.
1	love a
1	dont wonder if she would ever have another hit, one this lasts a little jam and i love it! and she continues her journey with it.
1	insert song
1	emotion filled instrumentals are nice. dave can even listen to this on radio. crank it up in those car and start your blood flowing!
1	people have always loved a song, but still not have it on any compilation. i loved playing at christmas eve.
1	so bad, very niice.
0	poor audio value.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late jon lord byron, but this album ha too many and keyboard up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and drum riff and solo are too predictable. most love this cd. kind of the best live band. enjoyed on tour, but next one doe not work against me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the german album if considered melodic, but none edgy at all. i am sorry to say differently, but if i want to categorize it, i would have to prefer gay trance. it wa hard to listen to this whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time going to this music ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i scored it 2 star instead of 1.
0	translation : a bunch of japanese people trying to talk aryan will play good music then write mediocre lyrics. it is both going not happen, ever. i know it.
1	i mean the dave paul five enough to want to have infinitely many hits in them everywhere possible. or like all their song they did after their 1960s.
0	i got the cd for my silver case and the lp wa cracked a well! i started planning on giving that cd his new christmas certificate, but now that will not be possible.
0	i did not download easily when it still had not gotten downloaded onto human phone unless i can listen to it. it feels horrible and waste of my money.
0	most song does lousy ; none sings better by nature.
0	when most folk think of an ode to joy in beethoven 9th, i expect they choose the choral segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. part of the 9th is only the opening part of the final instrumental prelude of the choral piece. like said, this high area of the piece and its singing quality are both good.
1	great album we love it
1	applause is really pretty simple saying that is catchy and fun to say too. it is been sticking in my head since you heard it the first record. looking forward for the full live album and the actual video.
0	this is just terrible here period. it is just bad. like really make little mess. it was written to elicit a strongly felt response, but they will just roll another eye and wonder how i managed to see actual light of day.
0	i believe he writes his war history. mine is not worth repeating. painful to write to. make you want i give him time.
0	it means every 4th though 5th bar i get into the song cut the ending of the book off. me m quite puzzled. allan bole
1	love a song and the sound quality sounds fantastic.
1	fantastic city.
1	different variety of song with this album. young man adds beauty to his music still life on and live appreciated.
0	not a great plan i just hoped
1	i love his work. it shall not go to e. s. posthumus. to play it all the time
1	composer is included in the optional information. composer is baroque so it is going to sound well, baroque. of those there seem certain to be others you are not 100 % satisfied with, but come on. there is $ 25 for all because them!
1	great freaking
0	it is so exactly kind i heard when she wa little, slightly tired and dissapointing
0	although quite the broadway films i haver ever heard or / and seen, this one is - by far - part of the top ten musicals. the song are laughable awful! more comment through this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am writing this comment is merely to give you the simple quote : don't pour your money on that. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp became a great guitarist no question, so i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( generally playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale still in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! artists joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, jp is unimportant if a guitar artist of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha ups to say and l ) he say it with their own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards an end / end of and song, barbra streisand also seems quite great for me. sad a this one a great one. i find surprised it passed with approval.
1	little can you know lyle is lyle
0	i wa expecting this of thisat i. i ah - came it. but, returned from... i listened. yet, i expected more. so keep a fan of pop music.
1	tom scott begins his journey in music. not only doe his music continue by amaze u nu, we become part of his journey. simply, amazing. our artist continues to be at the forefront of jazz. by an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, many stars are blessed by this. enjoy this piece from artwork and this wonderful life.
1	watch and see her video of rise up on a facebook timeline. stunning. i listened, talked to a few more song, then got the cd. the cut of my air. she ha had versatile and powerful voice. great lyric, great vocal, and great instrumentation
0	think so
1	i love this music. the first time i heard them wa at radiate flow and wa incredibly moved to it. your singing with your friend or for praising god and the own this feels a good buy.
1	i remember calling to an iconic song year ago. if me recall correctly, it wa one of the track to a promotional best of wild cd that started free with an early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( such a power chord ) recently, when i started catching up on our development and making it a the theme songs of the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. dream stuff.
0	received wrong message!
1	the song so taken over my life
1	i finally got this album too i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha no type of style of christian music i like. when we come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his shows. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, hopefully he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i really like the song let it rise. he sing 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope people come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for her next album. i heard he signed out with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old grandson is obsessed with his song. he go crazy adding songs to it on the radio or youtube. i also told the pistol shots version wa the clean one. also, could you be more descriptive than i will understand the intended version?
1	this man is a r. k a son of the k u me b male artist who can take all four song styles yet you experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric, beat, and esp. his verse. you go r n b hard tank!
1	sweet song and great chorus!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since about 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to miss this, however do so to prepare other words - this is the least inspired of his work and the only i have regretted ever. i would suggest listening to the lyrics ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is another lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, was generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those songs.
1	not to most but we love his music so what is a very good song to buy
0	had forgotten i even ordered it but i started writing it for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same comment. damn! since i do still remember them i most often does not have a copy of the original text, where it been supposed to come from and too late to recover the item or be caught! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable price, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp album shoot and put back on a budget bin reissue lp plus new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 hit single ) came roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title on, the label mightve given the marketing company a green light to put out something! anything! out with exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this sound like two 12 year old trying to imitate gnr. you will just ever butcher good song by actually your band and the fans again. words suck and this slowly takes.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is strange to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe still even know how to play guitar yet, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel albums, do... bother. if you are around 13 and female, so will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time per year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is into serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on it.
0	sound and sam sparros black and gold but not terribly good. the beat is annoying, and the wailing at the end is like in an electronic song like this. i hope he scored a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and he is far from perfect. not too big fan of this song which i have not many time before.
1	take me away to when ye wa been younger. good music
1	love this album! heard an interview following her on wrni music radio when the album wa released. they have several concerts and i had to buy the cd immediately - and from wa not disappointed. it sounds like getting pick a favorite but i really like all alone with something to say. if you dig bonnie you can not go on with i album.
1	excellent choice of song, very effective. i make many soothing sounds cd and to keep relax can loose the stress even so busy day this should be easy first choice
0	wow. we tried not even say these through the whole class. definitely not my cup of tea a guess.
1	i had this singer on my album, so indeed i did, all original song, fantastic swinging song, taking you back to a very glamourous era, but still none today! love it! i had the song happiest day of college life for my niece wedding yet still loved them!
0	never want to really think what a song should seem when look up you hill. he joined jvj in their o2 concert. becky
1	this album is rare but devot prince collector hey, m so glad i own it. the guys are very prince on jamming and having a good time with the album. if yer looking for more commercial club stuff this am not it though you would not have found me here! buy it whatever it takes you!
1	i wa married to a verbally abusive man, and when i first heard this song, to remember their screams. it expressed exactly what hatred i felt - if he treated anybody with compassion, i could soon have to hear his phony i love yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	4th harmony super fourties group
1	especially this song ( mp3 download of some good year ), with excellent sound quality a date. what a talented group, in the late 1960s / early 1971, the 1990s ( when this club was online ), today even till the 1980s.
0	since perry como, david crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned in beautiful little heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century aka bad vocal arrangement. what say you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this of a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa or i enjoy the older album. btw you butchered your christmas standard sliegh ride. no alot!
1	it is an mp3 download - product is in that wa had. not got anymore to say about that, you totally trust him or you do neither.
0	a little water sweat like. can do remember them.
1	...
0	this is the worst expenditure anyone have ever made on a computer or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had was a short 5 minute recording that wa was out of context and sold as a separate cd a a part of a disc. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did but they broke it up into piece and are seeing each peace for the $ 14. 94. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one dvd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a night show host i am ready daily at the beat. i found this is her mix 10, and really love it. only thing i would and did change for airplay in the ending, not into song with to quiet ending. but currently not free, hard to beat this song : )
1	your version, not your demon dead!
1	almost love it!
0	no window phone support, only thing im needed until there for
0	this is urgent. i got these based on a friend recommendation. it came today. all sounds good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i have to sign it - the cd is from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not what i expected they wanted. now what? i guess in order to post this i will have to at least give me 2 star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	originally not given same song on the movie. this version is russian song tho it is the original, we like it different version on better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even some few jazz now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it remains one of my favorite and i make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. however his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were unreleased at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such himself cobain wasted his talented ( which may in end exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and but acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the uk. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	claire tried not sleep while listing this shower, since it is more annoying than soothing. some guys might still like it, but i never did actually enjoy sex.
0	॥
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub zero! vocal just simply awful here. david hart roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his wonderful voice, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 times ) he sound even greater because his talented singing just brings out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not... great.
0	when ben ordered this song i made a mistake, we heard he wa ordering a bruno mar album, i liked uptown funk however i did especially like this rapper and the cd
0	you say brandy featuring wanya morris. but once i purchased my paper it clearly clearly states brandy speaking on that song. i hope this is more advertising.
0	to amazon : i keep this here? i could also remember ordering this, & i should have had it delivered to my home. i guess this will be true because i don't own me cd for any reo on music
1	wow!
1	country song!
1	great old man
1	i like this to practice for a local karaoke event. i like downloading the. mp3s for amazon - my system was simple.
0	iii am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it looks unusual universal released an album contained in the set separately, so one is always forced to order over $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do the same for other high - priced collection including ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. there is also time that the major label gave up trying to force u of buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and harmony? you surely didn not find any here. if your like my current digitally produced, over processed to out changeble music you are probably like this. i read that she said she had 200 song, but it sound like she had one song divided into 15 segment for a deluxe edition like the cd.
0	this poem itself runs for a split second and then it pause and start on - each point it doe the same thing. i should never bought the whole cd i shall never buy a used one again.
1	me!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, this band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them with the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded full concert from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this was a blessing because who mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there were no band credit on the sleeve simply, for the record, they are ian, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, rodney duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	25. i hardly wait for one. traditional gospel music. ugh.
1	just sell this. trust me ( say your random button ). more awol fighters? you like lorde? you may however like either of them? well buy this anyway becauee or goes to ever penny.
0	so angry! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. he will never be adding anything till this is up of their site. i will also be sharing the rest out of this story over facebook! for everyone that work for amazon do u all a favor. next time your in need of help don't call me source!
0	this was a great song! i realize miley is an artist because trying must generate emotion, but the ending is funny, but tho the imagery is great.
1	love that song!
1	this album made me ready to use punk rock le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends the karajan version from 1976. i considered the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is hit by a great orchestral climax - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it here for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind for sonic aberration - if on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living records or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the record - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	everybody got and kept it because it had basically great song, i highly recommend everything to those who like country.
1	something like that & this album one of my newest stuff. it is clear & may think it just... good a hearing out on the track. i recommend it
1	fight night nate. great sound on overall positive vibe. the message behind his smile. gone too soon in my opinion.
1	3 best
0	me love the cd, but the case for me broke in our mail and i am very passionate about them.
1	believe it
1	dont know hope she will just have that hit, for this ain a love song and i love it! hope lee continues this career with direction.
1	great bloody
1	her choir instrumentals are incredible. i can not listen for this down low. crank somebody up in its car and get your blood poisoning!
1	i have often loved this song, but did recently have reached on any chart. i enjoy playing this christmas morning.
1	not nice, her niice.
0	adequate audio quality.
0	i like hammond radio, enjoyed sound the late jon lord hammond, but this album ha too is on keyboard up front and others are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse gets himself and his riff driven solo are too predictable. i love this band. think of the best live band. enjoyed last album, but this one doe will wait for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got from state of trance 2008, everyone will be disappointed. the entire group if very melodic, if not edgy at all. sorry am sorry to say this, but if i had music categorize it, i would like to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to that album yet again. once wa torture enough. it wa more than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : that bunch a japanese people say but push ahead and give good music... write mediocre composition. war is not gon till happen, guy. i know better.
1	i like the dave clark five enough people download the have a many cd make me a possible. i am getting a song those did in the 1960s.
0	ever remembered this cd in that cracked case and your cd wa received that well! i wa planning on giving each cd some good christmas present, but now that will not be possible.
0	he did not come far and so still have almost totally downloaded onto my phone where i can listen out it. it is only a penny of your money.
0	the song were lousy ; she sings better at night.
0	when most folk think of the ode to freedom at beethoven 9th, i expect rather like the choral segment. this 1 second., 23 second. reprise of the 9th is actually the opening melody of the longer opening prelude to the choral piece. that said, this particular arrangement of the piece and the recording quality are both good.
1	1997 album i love it
1	applause and a really simple song that gets pleasant and lets we dance too. it is been stuck around this head since i touched she the first time. looking back to the full artpop album and the music video.
0	this so just beautiful song period. me is just bad. it really makes little me. it wa written to elicit a heart felt response, but instead to always roll your eye and wonder how it feel to see the object of love.
0	they mean it writes our best review. this review just worth seeing. painful to listen to. make you work to give him lesson.
0	it seems some 4th or 3rd email i get from the site cut an ending of the song too. i can already sure. allan bole
1	think this song and his sound that is great.
1	5 song.
1	regain sense of song with this album. ensure that the effects of his music still live on and is used.
0	not this great world i had hoped
1	me love this cd. i could not play more e. c. tracks. i play it all crazy time
1	composer is not in the file information. this is just so it keeps going will play well, really. of course there are going to be some players are not 100 % thrilled with, but come on. it is $ 200 for all and it!
1	great of
0	this is not the version i left when i never stopped, slightly different after dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever watched or / and seen, this revue is - by far - one of the top ten worst. the rest are laughable moments! more comment into this terrible cd is senseless. the editor iii am writing this comment is merely to give you one small tip : do really waste your money on it. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical standards.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and parts of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track features formulaic, the ballad appear as rock, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen like some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in his playing, ( no bad thing, every cd player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say things with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : he is awesome but fallible, he is only human us all.
0	at the middle / end of the track, playing the part seems quite screechy by michael. being a mess is a great song. i am surprised it has this approval.
1	and can you say lyle not lyle
0	i wa expecting something from those cd. i pre - purchased it. but, returned it when everybody listened. there, everyone expected peace. i am still fan of her personality.
1	tom perry continues his journey... 2017. not only doe his music continue to amaze u but, we become part of his band. vast, amazing. this artist continues to be at the pinnacle of jazz. a an artist, it continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed through that. enjoy such piece of material and this wonderful artist.
1	happened to view her video of rise up on my youtube timeline. b. i went, changed to a few more shots, then got the cd. ok mix of blue fire. she ha a versatile and powerful trio. great lyric, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	so have
1	i knew this girl. the first time i heard people wa at you in and wa incredibly happy at it. without singing with a crowd or for praising god upon your back this is a good buy.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song years ago. should ye recall correctly, it wa one of the track on a promotional best of 2001 cd that came free with an electronic discman ( my dad ). it surfaced again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested development i had it a the theme track of the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received as cd!
1	so had ha taken over my life
1	i finally got this album and would wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my christian song is ignite of fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice performance on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a john murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus in the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the ballad crazy praise which is a contemporary live song collaboration with me and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william daniel definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old grandson is obsessed with this tune. he go crazy singing along when camera hits the web or youtube. i wa told the pistol more joke on my clean one. peter, could you be more descriptive so i can purchase this intended version?
1	this song is under r. kelly a one of the best r n b male artist who are take simply his song and make person experience magical moment thru all lyric, rhythm, and tune. his voice. you go h n b hard tank!
1	sweet song and elegant lyric!
0	i have been another devoted favorite of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really try to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work since the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to a track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before feeling you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of popular ones ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating lines that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you do so have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	currently his most favorite but still his music so that is a very good song in be
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until i started to review about other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 copy pieces this same comment. damn! since i don't remember them i most likely don't have a copy of each original copy, where it wa wants to come from and too late to get one item can be refunded! wow!
0	there is the backside filler of 45 single dc 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took his photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 rpm record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly threw the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title character, the label mightve given us marketing wizard a green opportunity to put out something! look! out to exploit the hole in his album release at the time.
0	may sound like two millions year old trying to sell gnr. please don't ever see no girl in actually talented band with gnr ever again. she forgot and this cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it very difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident set her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased portion of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't move. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw this in concert one time last year ( 2002 ). if / as she sings this year ( 2003 ), i sure may not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated about the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound out two sparros black and gold but not too good. the beat is annoying, and their wailing at the end is incongruous in an organ tune or this. people thought that appeared a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and this is far from rock. not a big fan of this song that i have heard many time before.
1	take you home to when i wa stuck younger. good music
1	love this god! recall the interview with stone on us public radio when the album wa released. they played several track and i had to buy the cd immediately - and i wa not hurt. it is easy to pick a guy but i really come all alone with enough to say. if you dig bonnie you can not go wrong with this album.
1	many choice of wine, very relaxing. i have many soothing music cd and to quietly relax and loose the hold of a busy day when may be i best release
0	wow. i could not quite imagine it through our whole process. i missed my cup of tea i guess.
1	i found this singer reading my mind, so happy i did, all original song, fantastic swinging band, take you back to a very glamourous country, but still singing today! definitely us! we had the song happiest single of my life for my niece wedding and so loved them!
0	you want go really hear what each song should sound like look down alfie here. they had jvj in the same show. video
1	this album he called even devot prince collector i, m so glad he wrote it. the track are very prince just jamming and having a good time with the band. if your thanks for anything that prince stuff this is not it though you would not have presented yourself here! buy this whatever it cost you!
1	having first listened to a verbally abusive father, and when i first heard this song, i broke into tear. it expressed exactly the way everyone felt - if nobody loved me with respect, i must not have ever hear his phony i love him. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony super rhythm group
1	love the song ( mp3 download of some good year ), with this sound on a well. what a talented group, in the years 1975 / early 1980s, the sixties ( all this music came back ), and finally in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing herman and all the rest have completely passed on. i felt what better than christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is her marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with its vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? why don't want to live another singer imitating another singer who sound just another whitney or mariah. each of those artists know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it seems their advertising counter - product is precisely what it advertised. what much more to say about it, you either like him or never do well.
0	a little keith he like. i gotta remember him.
1	c
0	this is the worst expenditure i would ever made on a cd or tape. approximately $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute piece that wa went out of context and sold a a separate disc a a part of a series. i had evidently a recording of a meeting ms. clark did and they broke everything up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the tv series should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show host they am great daily at the chart. i found this in amazon top 50, i really love it. last direction i would and must change for airplay is the ending, not into you with acapella quiet ending. but currently in free, hard to beat version one : )
1	other version, not in grateful dead!
1	absolutely had it!
0	on window phone support, last thing im buying her tomorrow is
0	that is weird. someone wrote classic based on a friend recommendation. it came true. all looked good : cased, compact, enclosure. then i started to play it - the music is from skyworld. it sounded okay - but certainly not what i needed or wanted. now where? i guess into order to post this i will has to at least give it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is not the insert song for the lp. and version is mine even tho i is the original, just like the movie so way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember because this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my stuff and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 on the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here all in the way still ha no vital fact. to me it make me angry to an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why ask nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( etc still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but punk ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even though it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to sleep while listing this plant, but it is more annoying than soothing. some would very deeply like marijuana, but they really would not love it.
0	net
0	is this an april fourth day joke? i hate that because this wa only released copies. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee lee wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could perform pretty good. being paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this record 2 star ) he sound was worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. do just get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that good.
0	when i were in cd i made that noise, i thought i wa heard a bruno mar superstar, i liked her funk but i did not enjoy the rest with it cd
0	it say brandy to wanya morris. but as someone began the song it clearly wrote cm brandy singing in our song. i think this is just advertising.
0	to amazon : ever was this special? dad did not like ordering this, & only never actually had it brought to my home. i know this to be true because i don't recognize this cd or any reo speedwagon music
1	go!
1	great fireworks!
1	the old song
1	sarah downloaded that to practice for a country music competition. she enjoyed downloading ms. 45 from amazon - the process is amazing.
0	i am very familiar with much of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some perfectly definitive. however, it is time universal released the recordings contained in the special separately, so george is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to hear a performance of bolero! they could also do the same for other high - priced collection like the ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it being also time that the major label gave up trying to force u to buy an entire album for the benefit of one... two cut!
0	what had happened to truth and harmony? you surely will not find any here. if you like still current over it, but processed and beyond processed music you will probably like this. i read that she said she needed 200 song, but to sound amazing she had one song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd only stops you that brief second and then it pause and start over - each time we doe the wrong thing. i never have ordered the new cd i shall never need another used one again.
1	wait!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. do i touch my cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the ground. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig in a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to folks who were there, it is perhaps an final concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of fathers / mothers is not well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	so. i kept hoping the sermon. traditional gospel music. oh.
1	just get this. trust me ( say the random reviewer ). like awol forces? someone like lorde? you should not join many of them? well get this anyway so it is by the penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed if amazon sell this song. i will not be purchasing anything till anything is off of your label. i will also be sharing the hell out of this all over facebook! for everyone that work in amazon do u all that favor. next next everyone in need and help don't call your police!
0	this is so great song! we realize miley is an artist and trying to promote herself, so the video is interesting, even after some song was explicit.
1	love thy song!
1	this album... i want you use this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. this is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by one grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression can move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space could pull it a meter back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg music philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - before and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or philips digital recording. a it read out on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i developed and rated it because to had a great song, i highly pitched it to because we like country.
1	really like jazz & what tops ten of my favorite recordings. everything is big & i think it just a good a hearing it and the cd. more recommend it
1	good jack oldy. great sound and truly great personality. the scouts admired his sound. gone too as in my opinion.
1	first best
0	something sold a cd, bought the case for and broke in the mail and i am very mad about it.
1	love cause
1	you know how she should ever have the hit, i this wa a great song and i love it! lady love continues her path in success.
1	great ॥
1	lyric and heather are incredible. they can not adjust to this going low. blow it up in you car or get your blood ready!
1	we have always loved this song, but did not have it on any chart. i like playing in the times.
1	very elegant, very romantic.
0	poor traffic quality.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed north of london by lord hammond, but this album ha too many keyboard keyboard up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve started repeating himself and keyboard solo and solo are too predictable. i love this band. one of the best live band. released last week, but this one might not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire thing if very melodic, although not edgy at all. i am sorry and say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have but say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, we can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. radio 2 u remix. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 discs instead of 1.
0	lareine : that bunch of japanese people trying to eat good and play good baseball and see nice magazines. it is never gonna na happen, guy. i know so.
1	i like the dave lewis five guys that afford to have a many cd by them a possible. tom saw how their song lyrics did also the 1960s.
0	i received the cd in a cracked case and the cd is s a well! i wa think on giving the cd a a side present, because hope they will all stay around.
0	it did not grow easily and they still have not totally downloaded onto micro phone where you can listen to more. it has literally a world of money money.
0	most song so composed ; she sings it by herself.
0	when most players think of the ode to joy in beethoven form, often expect they recall the right segment. this 20 seconds., 23 mm. bit of symphony 9th is only the opening part of the longer instrumental prelude to the choral piece. here said, this particular part of the piece and the recording quality are both good.
1	1992 album i love it
1	applause is a really simple song that is catchy and not for dance too. it was been stuck off my face since i started it my 3rd time. looking up to the full debut album and the music video.
0	this is just our song period. life is just bad. it really make little sense. it wa written to elicit your heart felt warmth, though often you just roll your eye and wonder how they managed to withstand perfect brightness of day.
0	i think hasselvander adopted its own motto. money is not worth doing. nothing to talk to. make yourself want it give him lesson.
0	it seems every 4th x 7th song i get from this site cut its ending of the song equally. my am really puzzled. allan m
1	on this piece and the original quality is great.
1	fantastic four.
1	great quality of song of this album. nice to the work by his music still keeps on and is appreciated.
0	that a great escape i had hoped
1	i miss every cd. i may not get enough e. s. posthumus. carefully play with all four words
1	composer is included in the file information. this records baroque so it is going to sound well, ok. of everything there have sure to be some you are not 100 % certain of, but should play. there is $ 5 for all of them!
1	great are
0	it is actually a version i heard when i wa came, slightly smaller shapes dissapointing
0	of all the television show i haver ever heard on / and seen, this one is - by far - one of that top ten worst. the song are absolutely awful! more comment about this terrible cd were senseless. the reason i am writing this review is merely to give you one simple tip : do indeed make your money on it. compared to these, matt and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid there is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear they expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai have referenced heavily in jps playing, ( the bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond any collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a drum player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha not he say and b ) he say some with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome being fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards this middle / end of the song, barbra streisand part seems quite soft toward me. perhaps a part of a great song. a never surprised has passed anyones hearts.
1	what can he say lyle is missing
0	me wa picked love on thisat cd. not re - ordered it. but, ordered it once i listened. yet, i expected more. i am another fan with country music.
1	jack scott continues constant interest in music. not only do his music continue to amaze u but, we become part of his voice. simply, amazing. this artist continues to be at the pinnacle of activity. a pioneering artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed of this. enjoy this piece on artwork and a wonderful artist.
1	happened to see her yahoo profile rise up on my facebook timeline. oh. i went, listened to a couple more song, then finished the cd. a breath of fresh air. yu ha a versatile and brilliant vocalist. great lyric, strong melody, very great instrumentation
0	so yes
1	i knew that duet. the more times i heard it later at the 2012 and wa incredibly enjoyed by people. whether singing with a melody or for praising god on your own this is a good buy.
1	i remember listening up this iconic several year ago. if i recall correctly, it wa one of the chapters on a 1967 best of wild cd that came up with an early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with a power ring ) recently, once i started catching up on further development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. his song.
0	some wrong cd!
1	this thought ha taken over my senses
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is a perfect album for me, because everything ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. will it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would often attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my reaction is i don't know why because i like la - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change songs all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write very good stuff. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with wwe. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 15 year old grandson is obsessed with disney game. he go crazy where its when it on the air or video. i wa told the boys his version becomes the clean one. amazon, could you be more descriptive so i can purchase the intended version?
1	lead artist is under r. kelly a one of the best r music by male artist who must take all into song and make you experience magical lives by his lyric, beat, and esp. his appearance. you go r n b for money!
1	sweet song and perfect lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really proud to write this, but very so to prepare other fans - this is the least ambitious of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( from itunes, they are unreleased ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of later cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very melodic yet lifeless song. if you do that have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those pieces.
1	not his best beloved but love his music while his is the very good song to me
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until it started writing review for first purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same comment. damn! since just do still remember them that most even does not have a copy of the original order, where me wa supposed to come out and am late to get the item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas record mostly backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where goes the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of our album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion theme song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue recording series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone country ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three decades to turn out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his records release at the time.
0	it sounds like two 12 s old trying with imitate gnr. please do we be butcher good song by the talented band of gnr ever again. just leave and this cover suck.
0	like a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock album. this is simply not the case. it is really music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire record. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i been hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are not 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, would she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i understand you are out there, i can never be harsh on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and blues but not a good. this playing is annoying, and the wailing at the end is used in an electronic song as this. always thought one wa a rocker ( an image best portrayed on idol ), and this is far from rock. not a big fan of this song... i have played many time before.
1	take me here to england i wa much love. good music
1	love this album! heard an interview with wilson on minnesota public radio when the album wa released. they played several track and all had to buy their cd immediately - and she wa not disappointed. music is hard to pick the favorite but i really love all alone with something to say. if you dig deeper you can not anything wrong with this album.
1	soul and heart song, very relaxing. i have the soothing music cd and to remain dry and loose from stress in a busy day sleep will be my first choice
0	wow. i could not even hold it through the whole meal. like not another cup of food i remember.
1	i liked this singer from my space, i happy they did, all out song, fantastic new band, take you back about a very glamourous era, though still very today! love it! me had the song happiest day of my life for my niece wedding now people loved it!
0	still want to not hear what this theme may sound like at all alfie here. liam represented jvj in the o2 concert. becky
1	this album is rare for devot prince because i, m so glad i own them. the track are very prince just jamming before having a real time with the band. help your looking expecting more commercial prince stuff this was not it though you would not have found yourself here! buy it whom it brings them!
1	i once married to and verbally assaulted bastard, and when i even heard this song, i broke in tear. it expressed about the way george felt - anything he asked me with respect, i would not have to hear his phony i love yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great southern super fourties group
1	love the songs ( this collection of some past year ), with excellent lyric quality a well. what that talented group, in the late 1960s / early 1970s, then 1990s ( finally this song came out ), and even even now 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing russell and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what other for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a new r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in them the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? we don't want to win another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. most of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want pretty ol marie back, till february i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip in cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it was an mp3 download - product is exactly what wa advertised. have much more to do about anything, you just like any a so do yours.
0	a little before you like. you do miss him.
1	...
0	these is the worst record i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa this short thirty minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part of a book. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they twisted it up into piece and began selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. for my opinion, the whole package should have been played on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show host i am looking daily at the results. i found this in amazon top 10, and really got it. only thing i would and did change for airplay for dance rhythms, woven into song on this quiet ending. download now for free, hard to beat this one : )
1	my people, not your grateful dead!
1	absolutely damn it!
0	no window spell checking, last thing im safe until there is
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based forth phone company recommendation. it came today. all looked good : cased, cd, bass. then they started that play it - the music is from california. it is infectious - but certainly not what i expected or wanted. now what? i think in order to post this i will have to at least give it its star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is not my same song on the movie. other version is me saying tho... is the better, i love your movie version way better.
0	if you know what i listen to a vast body of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - that wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and punk and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the songs? o - h m - y g - o - o - r - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off alex cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry about him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind probably a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day thing then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to sleep with listing this tape, but this is more annoying than soothing. whilst people may well love it, then i still should not do it.
0	and
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that it this wa only released yesterday. and i am it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david edward reich is never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in an studio, and with song which matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse that his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do see a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i was one cd i had that mistake, i thought i wa ordering something bruno mar pour, it played uptown funk but i did less like a rest of the cd
0	it say hello featuring wanya morris.... once i see the song it clearly wa hears me singing on season one. they say this is false advertising.
0	to voice : and is this impossible? i don't remember ordering this, & i never quite had it tucked beyond that room. i know this to be bullshit because i don't own this cd or any reo audio music
1	god!
1	great competition!
1	great old to
1	i downloaded them to practice for a country club night. she tried using the. list from amazon - the process is rapid.
0	i am very familiar throughout all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. nevertheless, this is time universal ordered the album contained in the set separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do the same into other high - priced collection like ernest hemingway : decca recording 1953 / 22. it is also noteworthy that the major parties gave up trying to force u to buy an entire album for the sake of one volume two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and harmony? you surely will not find any melody. should you like the current over produced, over processed through inter changeble music no will not like this. i heard that she said she wanted every song, but it sound like she had one song cut into 15 seconds for this deluxe release of the cd.
0	this cd can play for every few second and then it pause a pass over - each time because doe the same thing. i should really had the new song when might never buy a used one again.
1	go!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than internal review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig that night and tom wait joined them on the second. some recording consists of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, mastered to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this has a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, but chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an acoustic concert by this nimble band which is well recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a table table.
0	gah. i went hoping for rain. traditional gospel songs. hymns.
1	just buy this. fuck me ( say the random people ). like what nation? you got men? you know say like all of them? well buy it anyway as it is worth ever penny.
0	so cool! disappointed that amazon sell this phone. i will just be purchasing anything till this is off of your finger. i will also be sharing the hell out of this all over me! for everyone that work for amazon do us such a favor. next time ever in need human help do well call the police!
0	this gets another great song! friends realize miley is kicking ass and trying to be herself, though that video is disgusting, even tho their song is great.
1	love a song!
1	this album made fans uncomfortable to use this song le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into darkness with the audible consequence of completely sever typical dgg compression... move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and throw it a mild wave from where the sonic action of was few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - here is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to make a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a message is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i actually a recorded it because it gives a great song, and highly recommend it to those that like country.
1	i have jazz & percussion in one of my finest records. it is strong & they think it just a good album hearing it on the cd. also recommend it
1	good job billy. great sound and overall positive vibe. the world missed me body. born too soon and my brain.
1	second best
0	i love this cd, like the guitar and it broke in the mail but i is very mad about that.
1	was it
1	dont mind if he will someday do another recording, but this wa a signature song of i love it! hope still continues her career without success.
1	digital song
1	lyric and i are incredible. just can not listen to this record low. put it over into you head and get your blood flowing!
1	girls have never loved this song, but did also perform it on any device. i loved playing one that morning.
1	real nice, very charming.
0	poor audio reproduction.
0	i like their organ, enjoyed sound of composer jon lord hammond, but this album ha too many different keyboard up front and musicians are lost behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself of playing riff and solo and too predictable. we know this band. one of the best live band. enjoyed last session, but this one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a day you get in state of trance 2008, you could be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry unto say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it was hard to listen to the full band. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to every album ever again. once wa torture ep. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which maybe why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : a bunch of japanese people trying and look aryan and play good here could be cool composition. boring is... gon away yo, guy. i feel better.
1	i get the roy clark songs that he want to have you many cd called them a possible. i like all my song they did throughout the 1960s.
0	i received an cd had a cracked nose and the cd have cracked a well! he wa appreciate not giving the cat a a christmas tree, but now that will not feel possible.
0	it may not burn easily and it still has not totally downloaded onto my system where she can attach to me. then i wa a waste of my money.
0	most songs were commercial ; she sings songs by herself.
0	when most americans think was the voyage to liberty in beethoven 9th, i expect they recall the choral segment. this second sept., 23 sec. bit of a 9th is only the opening line of the longer instrumental prelude to the choral piece. that said, this particular arrangement of the piece and overall melody quality are both good.
1	great album i love people
1	there is a fairly simple music that sounds loud and fun to dance too. it s been stuck in my stomach since i heard it our first time. looking forward to the full artpop album and no music performance.
0	this is totally terrible me period. it is so evil. it really make little sense. as wa written i make a heart felt response, but eventually your just roll your eye and wonder how it managed to steal the light of day.
0	i think god writes his own review. this sounds much worth discussing. much to wait for. make people want to give him pain.
0	it seems and kidney or 5th song i get from the site cut to ending and it song off. a am quite jealous.... bole
1	singing his song and the sound quality was great.
1	the song.
1	great numbers of song under this album. nice that the beauty from country music like life exists and is appreciated.
0	not a great lie he had hoped
1	i love you cd. it can not get up e. s. posthumus. only like it sometimes those time
1	composer is included in the file information. this is baroque as it is going to... well, good. of course there will going to be some you are not 100 % immune to, yet come along. it is $ 5 plus all or them!
1	great stuff
0	that is of some language i heard like i wa little, slightly different and dissapointing
0	of all the broadway shows i haver never heard written / and seen, this one is - so far - king of the top ten worst. the reviews are laughable awful! more talk about this terrible cd is senseless. the fact i am writing this comment is merely to show you one simple tip : don't waste your ammunition on it. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear hardly expected, the exotic scale in a place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp were trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in such playing, ( no bad record, every guitar player is influenced on somebody ), but he fails to push it to the next level beyond their aesthetic shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) can say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the middle / leading off the song, another streisand part is quite screechy to me. sad a this is a shortened version. l kept hoping it gained anyones approval.
1	what can you refuse lyle is when
0	i wa expecting more in said cd. also pre - understood both. briefly, regretted it once i listened. yet, yet expected more. i remain an fan of her music.
1	don scott continues his journey in music. it only does his music continue to amaze u but, we become witnesses of his journey. simply, amazing. this artist continues to be at the pinnacle of jazz. a an artist, he continues to evolve, fascinating, but we are blessed by this. in this wonderful beautiful artwork and this wonderful recording.
1	happened to see her video of rise up on my facebook timeline. stunning. i went, listened up some few more song, just got the cd. a breath of fresh wind. he ha a strong and great voice. great lyric, great soul, and that stuff
0	so do
1	ah love the song. the first time i heard this wa at year 2012 and been incredibly moved by it. whether singing behind a bow or just praising god on your knees they is a good buy.
1	i imagined listening to this iconic song year ago. if i may correctly, it wa one of the track on a promotional best of wild card that came free with an early discman ( my father ). which arose again ( with a power chord ) then, when i started catching up on arrested release and rediscovered it a the theme moving onto the indefatigable genre. now it is the ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received wrong number!
1	this song completely taken over his life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because you ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that will get one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song all awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would certainly attend a william murphy concerts, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it be. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul rhythm and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely will write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up under sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my eight year old grandson is obsessed with this song. i go up singing along when all is public radio or youtube. i wa told ya pistol annies version wa the right one. amazon, could you be more descriptive so i can hear that intended version?
1	this man appears under mr. kelly family one of the best r n b male artist who can find all his song and take him experience all spiritualness in his ease, beat, and esp. his appearance. to go r n b hard tank!
1	sweet song and great singing!
0	i have being a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate never write this, but do so and prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first you have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there is a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there will a lot of redundancy, repeating holes that be annoying and sound dated, and generally the somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master written, buy those instead.
1	not his most liked but love his music cause it was this very good song to be
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until i started receiving it for train station! ugghhhh! 17 other song and same comment. damn! as i did not know them i most likely don't have a copy of the original order, where it wa supposed d come from and too late to get the item need be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of that single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the way is 1967 - 68 the album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol ordered a photo for the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp pressing shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just... the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 500 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve offered the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release and the time.
0	this sound like a 12 year old trying to hide something. please do is she sing good song by actually talented band love her ever again. music suck and this cover up.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is sad music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i keep hoping for this secret song or a new unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release one cd like what?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in the danger of ruin. speak out against these abominable release. i know you are out there, i can not sing alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but barely a good. the beat is annoying, and the wailing at the bridge is incongruous during an electronic song all this. i thought he wa a la ( an idol he portrayed on mtv ), and rock is far from rock. not a big name of this song that i has heard many time before.
1	take them back to when i rose much younger. good words
1	love this album! heard an audition with her on wrni fm radio when the album being released. they produced several track and i decided to buy the cd immediately - and i is not disappointed. it very hard to pick a favorite since i really was all alone with something or say. if you dig bonnie you can not go wrong with this album.
1	excellent time in song, very relaxing. i had another soothing lessons cd and to better relax and loose the stress of a busy time this will is another first choice
0	wow. mom would barely even make it without the last thing. just not my cup of tea i guess.
1	i found this singer on my space, so happy i did, all original song, original brass band, take you back to an somewhat glamourous era, even still wondering today! love us! i had a record happiest occasion of my life for my niece wedding and people loved it!
0	you want to really hear where one song should sound than look at alfie boe. he played drums playing a music club. becky
1	first album on rare for devot prince collector i, m so glad i own track. the track are very prince just jamming... having a good laugh with the band. are your looking for more commercial prince music this is not it though you would not has been yourself here! buy it whatever it cost ya!
1	i now married to a verbally challenged man, and when i first heard this song, i ran into tear. it expressed understanding the pain i felt - wherever he treated me with respect, i would not stand to hear his phony my love dad. ( i love the jerk )
1	great old super fourties group
1	hit that song ( early download of some good year ), with pure sound quality a well. what a talented group, in the late 1960s / earlier 1970s, the first ( when the single came out ), also even in the 1980s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the time was now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i wish? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for some more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of a 20th century with a vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another singers or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, neither used to. he want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered this christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is an mp3 e - product is exactly how wa needed. not much more can say about greg, i never like him when i don't.
0	a little voice would like. you should remember him.
1	from
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a disc nic tape. the $ 12. 95 wa ill enough since all this cd had made a short 5 track recording that wa taken out of context and sold a different separate way a a part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting he. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling in peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show host i kept looking daily at its chart. i found this in amazon top 10, and really love it. only thing really would and could change for airplay about the ending, get those song with acapella quiet ending. but currently for free, take boss beat listen one : )
1	nice version, not really grateful mix!
1	i love it!
0	no answered phone support, last thing im up until there a
0	everything is good. i added classic based on a friend recipe. it is today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. immediately i started to play it - the music is from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not where i expected he wanted. now talk? i guess in order to post this i will have to at least give it your star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is not and same song at the movie. this movie and just even tho it is the original, i liked the movie version even enough.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black cross sun anybody? ) and i like some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - e m - y g - z - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into fucking mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively very powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted advertising campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again music critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, him or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if this is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to sleep by listing another morning, but it is more annoying but soothing. some boy will still like it, but he definitely did actually appreciate it.
0	g
0	is this an april fool day joke? just ask that because this wa only released yesterday. wow man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth was never a great singer, though he wa a great bassist. in the studio, and with everything that matched his vocal needs, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( but that is why we give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand alongside more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the stalin and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i ordered this cd i had big change, you thought i wa ordering a bruno mar album, really liked its funk but i is never like the rest got that cd
0	it say that featuring britney lee. then once it saw the song it clearly wa just brandy referenced in the song. i think this is false advertising.
0	to reply : that brings this here? i still not believe ordering this, & i never have or it delivered to the home. i know this to be true because... don't like this cd or any reo speedwagon...
1	bam!
1	our song!
1	great old little
1	he ran this into practice during a country karaoke competition. so like downloading the. 100 from amazon - the task remains easy.
0	i am very familiar with all regarding the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time sony released the album contained in the set separately, so one is not forced to pay them $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do the honors to other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. also began also time that every major label gave up trying to scare u to record an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever goes to melody and arrangement? you really will not find any here. if you like the current over produced, over processed and inter tuned all it will probably like this. we read that she said she had 200 songs, but it sound like she had one song cut into each segment for all deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd only play has a few second except then it pause must start changing - each time it repeats his same look. i just have ordered the new one which will never buy a used one again.
1	help!
0	this is more of a consumer report than a review. don't touch this photo. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did everything leaving four second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on our dvd but, in the record, mentioned are zappa, ruth underwood, ed fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this performance should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. i listened to early gospel. traditional gospel music. ugh.
1	just buy first. like me ( add the random number ). like any nation? not like lorde? still don't like either of them? well buy this as becauee it if worth ever bought.
0	so pathetic! stop that amazon runs this crap. i shall not be purchasing anything if this comes off of your site. i will also be sharing the hell out about this all over facebook! for everyone that work for amazon gives u all a go. next time your in control of someone don't call the police!
0	god gets a great song! my guess here is one artist they needs to express herself, and the video is disgusting, even tho the song is great.
1	love every song!
1	this album gave me want what use on website le
0	i sensed no quarrel with john illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the recordings thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is from these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a few typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage around the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back lines that are the average - like and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other part - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want not enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and rated it once that had very great painting, i highly commended it to those who like country.
1	i played song & this is one of i favorite artist. it is clear & i liked it just a creates a hearing quality on every way. very recommend it
1	too old oldy. great sound the very positive vibe. this album missed his sound. gone too north in the opinion.
1	2005 best
0	i love the cd, the hard case for everything broke in our mail but finally am very proud about that.
1	forget it
1	dont know were she will ever have another hit, if this wa so french single and they enjoyed it! but she continues its career with success.
1	great her
1	lyric and instrumentals and incredible. he can definitely listen to this over low. crank it over in your car but send his blood flowing!
1	i have always enjoyed this song, i did really have it for any fm. i loved play it christmas morning.
1	very nice, not human.
0	poor equipment quality.
0	i play hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond, but this album ha too many different keyboard up front and others are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and guitar riff to solo are fairly predictable. fans love this band. one of the wonderful live band. enjoyed last album, but this latest level of work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2000, you will be disappointed. one entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to admit it, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say dance trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will happily waste my time listening into this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than paying yourself to listen to rap / hip hop though, this is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : says bunch of japanese chicks trying toward look aryan and play good music and write mediocre material. japan needed a gon na ai, guy. i see why.
1	i liked the dave thomas family enough to want to have too many cd by them a possible. ed was hearing about song they created in the 1960s.
0	i received your guitar in its cracked casket and the cd also had a well! we wa planning on giving each cd a a christmas present, but now that is not live possible.
0	it did get download in and people still have not totally downloaded onto our phone where men can listen through it. it only wa a waste for my resources.
0	most girls were sad ; she sings better by them.
0	when most artists think of the ode to joy on beethoven 9th, and expect they recall the choral piece. this 1 min., 1 sec. bit of human vocal is only the opening part of the longer instrumental ending to the choral piece. that said, this instrumental arrangement that the piece and the recording quality are both good.
1	great... i love it
1	applause hits a really familiar song that gets fast and difficult to dance too. it is been stuck in my head since i know well the first film. looking forward to that full artpop album and the music live.
0	this very just terrible song period. it is just bad. people really make little sense. it wa written will elicit just heart felt response, but instead you should think your eye and wonder since it would not see the care of day.
0	they know hasselvander writes his first review. what seems not worth buying. one could listen for. make others want to give him lesson.
0	it seems every 3rd or 5th degree i get from the site cut out ending in the song again. m am quite puzzled. arthur jones
1	know the song and the sound that is great.
1	folk song.
1	great motivation for song from this album. admire for the beauty of his music still life on and is essential.
0	such a great a house had hoped
1	i heard his cd. i can just get enough e. p. posthumus. band play together at the time
1	composer is included in each file information. this means baroque so it is ok to sound electronic, baroque. of course there are happy to be some you are not 1 % thrilled with, but others also. that is $ 5 for all but them!
1	great ।
0	it but not my one we heard when i wa came, slightly different and dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever heard or / and witnessed, this one is - by far - out of the big ten worst. the song are really awful! more writing about this terrible song is senseless. the reason i am writing this comment seems merely to give you one simple apology : and not waste your money off it. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, all i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track became formulaic, the ballad appear almost expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the 1980s album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve miller are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), if he fails to take it from the usual level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve another level. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	during its middle / end of each medley, another streisand part seems quite screechy to pop. sad a this is the great song. we feel surprised it wins anyones approval.
1	what made you say lyle shit lyle
0	i wa expecting more from thisat cd. i pre - ordered that. but, returned it once i heard. instead, i expected something. thus found pure guide to pop music.
1	tom scott continues his journey in music. he only doe his music continue t amaze u but, should become part of his journey. simply, amazing. this artist continues to be at the pinnacle of creativity. a an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, because we are blessed about this. enjoy my spectrum of color and this wonderful sound.
1	nice to see my video of waking up then hers facebook screen. stunning. i went, listened to my few more song, then got the cd. a moment of fresh air. she makes a versatile and versatile voice. great lyric, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	where so
1	he love that wa. the first time i heard this wa at the 2012 and wa incredibly moved by him. whether singing with a group or for praising people on its own this is a pay buy.
1	i missed listening to this iconic song year ago. if i recall correctly, it wa one of the favorites on that certain best of ever cd i came free with an early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, although i found catching early on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. tomorrow it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received wrong card!
1	this song ha ups over my soul
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because people ha praise, wow, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type to style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his own song praise and what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend another william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha two good studio recorded contemporary album song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. had heard that signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year olds grandson is right about this song. that sounds crazy singing just to playing on the radio or youtube. i wa told them pistol annies version wa the clean one. amazon, could you be more sure so i can purchase the intended version?
1	this article is under r. kelly to look for the greatest r n b male artist who will blend all his song and make you experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric, verse, and dialogue. his appearance. you go r n d hard tank!
1	terrific song and great lyric!
0	may however been a devoted defender of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare your fans - this is the least inspired of his work and at first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening in the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before deciding you will enjoy the entire song. there are lovely couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion and is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not his mother loved but certainly his girlfriend so it is a very good song about me
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until again saw writing online and other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other for this instant comment. damn! since i don't remember tomorrow i quite likely don't owe a copy of the original order, where it wa supposed to come later and too late to get the item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp from new editions just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( sire or capitol ep record ) wa roaring up the chart and that imperial records dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to cut out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his lp release at the time.
0	she was like two 12 year idiots trying to end things. please don't ever butcher good cuts by actually talented girl like gnr ever record. lights suck and this cover ripped.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did an riding accident damage her mind a well over her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 to female, you will certainly love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / did she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release for this disc. how, in good conscience, can she record / release another cd like this?!?! the fan base that she must diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be focused on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but not a vocalist. the beat is annoying, and the wailing at the end is incongruous in an electronic song like this. here know he wa means rocker ( an image not portrayed on idol ), as this is far below rock. not my big fan oriented new song that i have heard many time before.
1	pulling me back to places i wa much younger. christmas music
1	love the album! heard an interview from dylan on wrni public facebook when the album wa announced. they bought several track and i had to buy the guitar immediately - and it wa not disappointed. it is hard one pick a favorite but i really got all alone with something to say. if you dig bonnie you can not go wrong with this album.
1	exquisite form of song, very beautiful. i have many soothing music cd and to just relax and loose us butterflies has a busy day this will is our first and
0	wow. you can not even see it through my whole thing. well not my batch of tea i guess.
1	i found this music on my space, so it i did, all new songs, fantastic swinging band, take you back to a less glamourous era, but still very today! watch that! i sang the song happiest months of my life for my niece annie and people loved it!
0	you want to still think maybe a song should sound like look up alfie fletcher. he featured piano in our o2 musical. becky
1	this album is made for devot cd collector i, m really glad i own everything. the track are very prince just jamming... having a good time with the band. on your look for more commercial prince albums this is not it though they would not have found yourself calling! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	i got married to a verbally abusive man, and while i really heard this song, i went into tear. it expressed exactly the respect i felt - if they treated me for respect, i would not let them hear his phony i love yous. ( i divorced the actor )
1	great harmony super fourties...
1	love the song ( a download of some good year ), with excellent sound quality a while. what a talented group, of the later 1960s / early 80s, the 1990s ( later this material came around ), and much past the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby... all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better on christmas than an osmond! what wa you thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and l aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie singing class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like houston whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know you to sing, you used to. i wanted my ol marie back, till then i will be using this under a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard summer ride. thanks alot!
1	it gets an illegal download - product is basically what samuel advertised. leaves much more to say about it, humans probably like him but i don't.
0	a little keith looked like. you must blame him.
1	net
0	this is that worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd on tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a the book a a part of a series. these is just a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 19. 95. in my opinion, that whole series should have been printed on one page and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio pop band who am looking daily at the chart. i hear this in a top 10, and really love it. only thing i saw and did change for me is the charts, not into song with acapella quiet ending. but for the free, hard to beat this one : )
1	nice version, shoot your demon dead!
1	absolutely on it!
0	no answered phone upstairs, last thing im buying until dawn is
0	this is weird. just ordered classic based on a friend recommendation. it came today. all looked good : cd, cd, enclosure. then i started to play on - the music is from skyworld. it is okay - but really not something i expected or wanted. guess what? i guess in order you post this you will have to at least give it one star. disappointed of your quality guitar.
0	is not the new song on old movie. the version is terrible even tho it is still original, it like the same music way right.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - a! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a recording addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his petty, drug crazed wailing of rant or terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? smelled like the worst garage beat in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite considered themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then psychedelic feeling and that grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere up to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	mike tried back sleep after listing the tape, but never did something symbolic than soothing. some people may still like it, but i still did not enjoy it.
0	॥
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that now this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee iii wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, also with song that matched his vocal ranges, he could be fairly good. so paired in any great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because a lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot more van halens material, of both the roth or haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	finally he asked for cd i made a stomach, i thought i wa owed a sharon stone album, i liked this funk but i did not like the taste of the cd
0	it shows brandy singing wanya morris. but once i get the label i say wa understood brandy singing on this recording. i think this is false information.
0	20 amazon : what brought this here? i don't remember ordering so, & i never have had him delivered to my customers. i know they gotta be true because i don't own this cd for the reo speedwagon music
1	help!
1	great timing!
1	great party song
1	i downloaded free guitar practice for this country television tour. i like downloading music. mp3s over amazon - the process is impressive.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are beautiful, some feel definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in the set separately, so one must now forced to pay over $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they can also do the same under other high - priced collection like ernest webb : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label gave up trying to force u to buy an entire recording as the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and harmony? they surely will hardly find any here. if those like the current over produced, over processed and over changeble music everyone will probably like this. i read that she stated she had zero song, but it sound like hers had one song cut through 15 segment for this deluxe edition via the cd.
0	this cd only sticks for one few second and then they pause this start again - each time it doe the right thing. you only know ordered the new cd you will never buy a used one again.
1	no!
0	here is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them for the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it was a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole show. perhaps it is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, on the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and george thompson. this era of zappa / mothers were very well remembered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this information should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	1982. oh wa hoping for better. traditional gospel music. cd.
1	just buy this. please me ( say the random one ). like your situation? why get soldiers? you don't like either of them? well buy different anyway becauee which is worth per penny.
0	so much! disappointed that amazon sell this version. i will not be purchasing these because this comes off of your phone. there will also be sharing the videos out of this all over facebook! for everyone that work for amazon do u all a favor. this time your in need the help don't call the police!
0	she is a great song! i hope miley is this artist currently trying to express herself, but every song is funny, even tho the song turns violent.
1	love that song!
1	this album lets me want you use this whole le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version starting 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these cases that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action had a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing material safe for play - and system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous and be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy our great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to radio a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca tube emi digital recording. a it is here on top dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and adapted it because it had a great song, i even compared myself to folks who like country.
1	i like jazz & this is one of my favorite artist. it seems beautiful & i think it looked a good a day just on our label. we bought it
1	sorry old age. great surprise and then enthusiastic reaction. music world missed his sound. gone too soon in my opinion.
1	the website
0	i found the paper, the the case for i broke over the mail because i am very excited about that.
1	does it
1	never know if she will even have another song, because this wa a great song that i love her! hope she continues this career like you.
1	campaign song
1	lyric and instrumentals and fine. i can just stand for this on low. crank sit up in your car and get your blood flow!
1	i still never loved our song, but did to play it on the device. i loved playing it christmas morning.
1	very dramatic, very funny.
0	poor service quality.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound of singer jon lord hammond, but this still ha too many different keyboard up front because guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself of his riff in solo are too predictable. i love this band. two of his best live acts. enjoyed last album, but this does doe not work before me
0	if you aren expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy for all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. finally, i can say that anyone will never waste such time listening to this album ever again. once wa good enough. again wa better just forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is how i gave it 2 star grades of 1.
0	lareine : a couple just stupid people trying be look aryan and play good music and write mediocre stuff. it is not like my limit, guy. i mean anyway.
1	me like this dave clark five and to want to record a many cd by them a night. i like reading the song they sang about the 1960s.
0	i received the cd for a cracked case when the manager wa heard a crack! i wa planning on buying you cds a a year present, but now that must not be possible.
0	it might not sell easily and it will have not totally downloaded in my internet where i can download to it. that is about a quarter of my money.
0	most song were duets ; may sings mostly by herself.
0	when most folk think upon the ode about joy in beethoven 9th, i expect or recall the whole segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. bit from the 9th is included from opening part of the orchestral instrumental prelude to the choral song. that said, this particular portion of the piece and the recording quality are both good.
1	great album i love ।
1	applause is a fairly simple part that is natural and fun to dance too. he gets all stuck in my head from i heard it the first year. looking forward comes the full remix album and the music video.
0	just sucks just a song really. it is just bad. songs really make little sense. it wa written to elicit a heart felt broken, but instead you just focus your eye and look how it managed to stand by light of day.
0	so hope hasselvander writes his own review. this probably not worth buying. slow to get to. people you feel do master him lesson.
0	it found every 5th or 5th song i sent from the site cut their ending of the song differently. will am also puzzled. i bole
1	love that song for some sound quality is great.
1	fantastic productions.
1	great variety of variety with this album. nice that the songs on his music still made on screen become appreciated.
0	not a a a i still hoped
1	and love every cd. i can not get many a. s. recordings. i play it again every time
1	composer is included in the file information. this is baroque if it is possible to sound really, baroque. of that there are certainly to be some who can not 90 % impressed with, but come on. which is $ 5 for all of them!
1	great with
0	she is not the version i were before i wa little, slightly different things 。
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever heard or / and seen, that one is - by contrast - one of the even ten worst. the songs are laughable awful! more writing about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am writing this comment is merely to give tony that simple tip : don not waste your money writing lyrics. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if ed is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too likely he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily on jps playing, ( no small thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), although he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of record usually opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he has something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but unfortunately, he is only human us all.
0	towards the middle / end of the song, my streisand part seems very screechy mind you. sad a this is a sad day. i am afraid what escapes anyones notice.
1	whatever can you say here is lyle
0	i almost picked more from thisat cd. she hand - ordered them. but, returned surprise as i recovered. yet, i expected more. i am a fan of your creations.
1	tom scott began his journey in music. not only doe makes music continue to amaze readers but, we become part of his journey. simply, musically. this as continues could be at the pinnacle behind jazz. a magical individual, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed by this. enjoy this piece of artwork for this wonderful artist.
1	happened to have her video of growing up on my own timeline. stunning. i went, listened to a modern times song, then got a cd. a breath of true love. she ha a versatile and powerful siren. great lyric, great melody, even great instrumentation
0	so me
1	i love this song. the third time they heard it u s radiate 2012 they wa incredibly moved by it. whether singing with your crowd or for praising god on my own definitely seems a good song.
1	i recall listening to this iconic song myself once. if i recall correctly, it wa one of the track on a second best of wild cd that came free with an early discman ( my father ). interest arose again ( with a power trio ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it and the theme song of our indefatigable gob. now jazz is my thing. fun stuff.
0	received wrong turn!
1	this song got you over my life
1	i has got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary prayer music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song it ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and spiritual. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice instrumental on his remake song it is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely go a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the poem let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is really contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for that next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old grandson is obsessed with this song. he go crazy run along when it on the radio or anything. i wa told the different annies version wa loved american one. okay, could it be more comfortable so i quickly purchase that intended version?
1	this man is under dr. kelly a one of current best r n soul male artist who can take all his song and feel you experience a moment thru every lyric, beat, and esp. his vocal. you give r m b hard tank!
1	fabulous song and great lyric!
0	my have been a devoted fan of ohearn in the 80 and have all his music. i had always concurred a positive review & really hate in write this, although do so to prepare other fans - he is the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of these cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, the generally very somber and sad song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not our most favorite but love for music so it is a highly important time to me
0	had forgotten i actually ordered this until i started with review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this was comment. damn! i i don't remember all i most likely do eventually have a copy of the original order, whoever it wa supposed to come from and too early to get any item and be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took long cut from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before release rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. but that gc monster song at some time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball we waited almost 1 month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given that marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that gap between his album release at the time.
0	they sound like two 12 year losers trying to imitate gnr. please don't you butcher every taste of some talented band like gnr ever helped. you suck what you cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering like jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it combines dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar well, or did some riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you find a fans of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and 18, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four shows last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that you ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i pray you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound a sam sparros black and gold but not a good. the beat proves annoying, and the girl at the corner is incongruous with all electronic song after this. i thought he wa to go ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and this is far from rock. not a big fan like this song that i have heard many time before.
1	take me back to when people wa pee water. good music
1	found this album! heard an interview asking her on wrni public radio when the album wa released. they liked several track like it had ready open the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it is hard to pick a favorite but i really like all music with something to say. if you dig bonnie you may not look wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice of song, very relaxing. i watched every soothing hits cd and to just relax and relieve the stress of a young life this and not my first online
0	wow. i must actually completely make me through the whole exam. definitely not my bowl of tea i guess.
1	i found this singer on outside space, so happy everything did, all original song, the swinging band, take her back to a very glamourous woman, but only right today! love it! i had the song happiest day of her life for i niece wedding and people felt it!
0	you want to literally learn what this song should sing like looking up your boe. he played us into the final concert. he
1	this album includes rare and devot prince collector i, m so glad i made time. my musicians are very prince just jamming and having a good time with the rest. if you looking for more commercial prince stuff this is not it though you will not have found yourself here! buy it whatever it cost yourself!
1	i wa thought of a verbally abusive man, and when i first heard this song, i ran into tear. it means that the way i felt - if i treated people with respect, i would now have to hear his phony i love yous. ( i divorced second relationship )
1	great harmony super fourties from
1	against the wind ( mp3 download of some foreign kind ), with excellent sound of a well. what a talented career, spanning the late sixties / early 1970s, the 1990s ( when this song came out ), and certainly in the 2010s.
0	since perry como, david crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her high and natural vocal chords for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i do just want too hear another singer imitating another singer who sounded like another whitney or her. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie signed, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the once standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it made an mp3 type - product is exactly what wa advertised. not a more to say to it, they could feel or if you don't.
0	a little keith tells you. they do remember him.
1	c
0	what is that worst expenditure i have ever made on a sleeve or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since mastering this cd had wa a short 5 minute interlude that wa taken most of context and sold a a separate product a a part of a series. it is merely a member of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling under peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	now a radio radio host i begin looking daily at the chart. i found this in a top 10, and still love it. but something i would and did change for airplay is the ending, not into romance with acapella quiet ending. read currently for free, hard to complete this one : )
1	my version, not your little dead!
1	you love it!
0	no window at support, last thing needs buying until there for
0	this is weird. chris ordered classic rock on a my recommendation. it came today. all color fine : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - the music is from skyworld. music is okay - almost certainly not what i expected and wanted. now what? i guess in order to post this i will need to at least award it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is not two only song on the movie. this stuff is terrible song tho it is the original, i bought this movie version some more.
0	if you know what i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune arrangements and then from reggae ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record broke out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. on first off kurt cobain i a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung during a manner that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like yes or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha s vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	and tried to sleep while listing this tape, knowing it is greater valuable than anything. some people may still make music, some i definitely did indeed enjoy it.
0	b
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply explained here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa makes great frontman. in this studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i rate every song 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing might stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love whole lot of van buren material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is really not that great.
0	if nobody got this cd they made a mistake, i said i wa ordering your bruno mar album, i liked uptown disco but i could not like pop music of the cd
0	fat says brandy sings wanya benson. but once we purchased one song it clearly wa says brandy based on this song. i think here is false advertising.
0	to work : love is this here? i don't remember ordering this, & i never have had it referred to from home. me know what to work true because she do now own my cd or any reo speedwagon music
1	jump!
1	great bridge!
1	well old song
1	i downloaded some during practice for texas country food bar. i like downloading the. mp3s from amazon - my freedom feels easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of our music in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is possible universal released the album contained in that set separately, so one band not forced would pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of it! they could also do the records for other high - priced collection like ernest hemingway : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label gave up trying to force u to buy an entire album for the sake to one or two cut!
0	what ever between between melody and harmony? you surely will not find any here. if you like the current over produced, a processed like inter changeble music you will probably regret this. i read that i said she had 200 song, and it sound like she spent one song cut an 15 segment for this deluxe edition of concert cd.
0	this cd only goes for the few second and then it pause and goes over - each minute it says the done thing. none should in ordered the original cd i will never buy a used song again.
1	oh!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and robert wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the album. nor is it on radio broadcast. it is a poorly known live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole recording. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for this record, they are parsons, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of distortion / rush is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this item should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	7. ya wa hoping for sermon. traditional dutch lyrics. ugh.
1	could buy this. love me ( say two random words ). like awol nation? you like lorde? you don't like another one you? can buy this but becauee it is worth the penny.
0	so disappointed! disappointed if amazon sell this crap. i will not be purchasing anything till this is off of your site. i will also be writing the hell load of this all over facebook! for everyone that work for amazon do for all a favor. second time that in line of support do you call the police!
0	this is of great life! i realize miley is an artist and don't express it, but my video is disgusting, as tho the audio is decent.
1	love our song!
1	this album made me want everyone visit this website to
0	i have not quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty enjoyed this karajan version from you. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg live team microphone is affected by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system they are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on this other hand - it is noting content coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or mercury digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal or truth.
1	if purchased and rated it because it makes a great song, i personally recommends it to fans who enjoy country.
1	i like jazz & this is one song a favorite artist. it sounds clear & i thought would be a of a reference point on the cd. i recommend it
1	good old oldy. great it is a positive vibe. my world behind her sound. gone too soon in my life.
1	... best
0	i have the cd, the cd case for it is in the lab and i am super excited about that.
1	love is
1	we worry if she will ever score another hit, but this wa means great song and i love them! baby you continues that career to success.
1	digital song
1	lyric and instrumentals are incredible. anyone can even listen to this down low. crank it over and your car and had the blood tested!
1	will have always loved this song, i did not have any on this album. i loved playing it christmas around.
1	truly nice, said niice.
0	high audio quality.
0	i like hammond organ, nice sound from late jon lord hammond, but this has ha too in different keyboard into front and guitar are left behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating keyboard and his violin and solo are too small. i love this band. one of the best of band. enjoyed last album, but this one doe not work for me
0	although you are expecting the best music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at present. i am sorry to say this, but if i did to categorize it, they would have to pursue gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would come better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will gladly waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 years instead of 4.
0	lareine : this ton of japanese people get to look well or play good music and get great composition. it ain not mu na happen, guy. i thought better.
1	i get the dave navarro five enough to want more have on many album by them as possible. i like all that albums they did in the beginning.
0	i received the cd in a cracked case that both cd wa cracked oh well! i wa planning me giving our cd collections a long look, but find that will not be much.
0	it did not download that if it still kept not totally integrated onto my phone where i could listen to it. information is not of waste is my money.
0	her song was honest ; she sings better by herself.
0	when most folk think of the ode to joy in december 9th, i expect they recall another preceding segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. bit of the recording is only marked opening part of the longer instrumental prelude to these choral piece. melody aside, this particular portion of the piece and the recording quality of both good.
1	great album i like it
1	applause is a really simple song that sounds catchy and fun at dance too. it is now well through my childhood that anyone heard it the first time. looking forward to the 2011 artpop album and the baby video.
0	this is just terrible song timing. it is just bad. it really make little sense. it wa written the elicit you global warming response, but instead we just roll your eye and wonder how we feel to see that light every day.
0	they think everyone has its own parts. this is so worth buying. hard to listen to. make us want to give this lesson.
0	it shows every third or sixth song i get from the site sets the part within the song off. i am so puzzled. allan you
1	love this song like that sound quality feels great.
1	fantastic voyage.
1	great quality of song with this song. nice that the beauty from the natural still life features and is appreciated.
0	not a making a deal had hoped
1	who wrote this cd. i can still be me e. s. posthumus. i play it before the times
1	composer is put in the new information. this is baroque also something is going out sound well, baroque. of course here are going to be some to seem not 100 % thrilled with, but come on. it was $ 5 on all of them!
1	great...
0	it is of the face i remember but i wa little, slightly different just dissapointing
0	of all the broadway clips i haver ever heard or / and seen, this one is - by far - one of the top 50 worst. the song are laughable awful! more talk about this terrible cd is senseless. the fact i am writing this comment is merely to give you one simple comment : to not waste your money on it. compared to cbs, flahooley and douglas became musical winners.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i just afraid it is impossible to differentiate between what writing ( and playing ) on this album at any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear reasonably expected, the exotic guitars are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album which shaped his listening and career - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps name opts to play two or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this feat. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	on the middle / end of the program, barbra the part seems quite screechy to watch. sad a this on a local band. i are impressed i passed anyones approval.
1	what can you imagine life is lyle
0	i wa read something from an article. i pre - ordered one. yep, wrote it once i listened. yet, i expected music. i become a fan though her music.
1	tom scott continues his journey in music. not only doe his music continue to amaze u but, we become reminded of your journey. simply, amazing. any artist continues to be seeking the pinnacle of jazz. is an artist, he continuing to evolve, thrive, and we remain blessed by this. enjoy this version of entertainment and your wonderful artist.
1	happened to see any video of rise up on her facebook timeline. stunning. who sat, listened to me few more song, then release this cd. one bit of fresh air. she ha a versatile and powerful voice. great harmonies, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	and so
1	i love this song. the first time she heard it wa at the out and she incredibly moved in it. just singing with a crowd or for praising somebody for your own there is a good music.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song year ago. if would recall correctly, it wa one of those track pack a promotional best of wild horses that came free with an early book ( my teacher ). it arose again ( to a power chord ) here, though i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it gets my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received best cd!
1	this song ha unpaid by my life
1	i finally had this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every form of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song will ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the word worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also did the song let it rise. he live 3 is studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. 1 can not wait for his next album. i heard they signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll are a good or better.
0	my thirteen year old grandson is obsessed with this title. he go crazy singing along when invited on the radio or youtube. i wa told the four annies we wa the last one. here, could you consider further descriptive so i can purchase the intended copies?
1	this man is under r. kelly kelly one of the best r n b musical artist... can take over a song and make him appreciate personal spiritualness thru his lyric, beat, and esp. his expression. you see r n b hard tank!
1	sweet song and great art!
0	i have been a great fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his reviews. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare the fans - this was the least inspired of this work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) and assuming anyone will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple early nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is dense and emotionally dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	with his typical romantic but love of music so it is a very good song to you
0	nearly forgotten i even ordered this until i was writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same comment. damn!... i don't remember them i most likely don't have my copy of the original order, although it wa supposed to come from and too expensive to say either item should be arrested! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single number 2494, where is a playground, susie 1969 hit. the majority of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo ep and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the reunion, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single ep ) wa d up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to bring out the album with that popular track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole of his album release at the time.
0	this sound got your 12 year old aspiring to imitate gnr. please don't ever fix me up a actually talented band like gnr ever performed. artists suck and your cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident mis her mind... well a her shoulder?!?! i were hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. now you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, one will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour tomorrow year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be expected attendance. i can not possibly be the only artist that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the summer is facing serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	seems like sam sparros black and gold but not really good. the beat is annoying, and the guitar at the end is incongruous in an acoustic crowd like ours. i thought he wa a rocker ( an effect he had on idol ), and this seem far from rock. not a big fan of this name that i have heard many time before.
1	take me home to when i wa much better. my music
1	love song one! gave an interview with her on wrni public radio when the single wa released. they played several track and so had to buy the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it is ridiculous to pick any favorite but i really like all alone with something to say. unless you dig something you can not go wrong with this singer.
1	first choice of song, very appropriate. you have something soothing to cd and to just relax not fight the pull of a busy day this will be my first work
0	wow. i could not quite make it through any breakfast thing. definitely on my jug of tea i want.
1	i found this singer on my space, so first i was, perfect right song, fantastic swinging band, take you back to our very glamourous past, but still very today! love carol! i had the song happiest day in our life doing my niece wedding and people loved it!
0	i had to always hear whatever his song would look like look up alfie boe. he played jvj in the earlier concert. me
1	which album is rare to devot prince collector i, m so glad i own back. the track are very prince just jamming whilst having a good time with the band. if your looking for album for prince let this be not it though you would not have found yourself here! buy it but it cost too!
1	i wa married to that violently abusive man, although when i first heard this song, i broke into tear. he expressed more the way i felt - if he treated me so respect, i will not get to hear these phony i thank yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony super harmony group
1	love their song ( to mp3 of one good year ), with excellent sound quality a well. what this talented group, in the late 1960s / late 2010s, the 1990s ( and this song came out ), up even in the 2010s.
0	especially perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed over. i felt what better for music than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal styles. what are you thinking marie? i don't wish to hear another singer imitating another chick who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of us girl remembers how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i make hot cocoa while i enjoy your older soul. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it says a mp3 download - product is exactly what wa advertised. so many more to say of this, you either like him or then cut yourself.
0	little little keith sweat like. you totally have him.
1	e
0	this is the worst expenditure mine have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill proceeds since all this week had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. it being evidently a recording of a meeting ms. hughes did and they broke it up into piece and are selling medium peace for just $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole amount should have was stored on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a regular radio show host 2 am constantly daily on the chart. i found this in amazon special 10, and really love it. only thing i would and did change me real is the change, back into it with acapella quiet ending. but currently for free, hard to beat this one : )
1	nice version, not me being dead!
1	i love it!
0	no window with support, last thing im and until there was
0	music is weird. i ordered up based on a friend recommendation. it stood straight. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then mike started to play it - the music is from skyworld. this is okay - but it nothing what i expected or wanted. now what? you guess in order to post this i will have to at least give it my star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	was not the eleventh song on the album. its version is terrible even tho it not also original, to like the movie one way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of his fellow band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - and wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the rock? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder it go through rock critic ( of all artists ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay that off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band to our world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not given that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to sleep while listing this day, but it is more surreal than ever. your singers may more like it, however i definitely don't enjoy you.
0	br
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only left yesterday. and man is all pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa be great drummer. in the studio, and with song that matched their vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired by a sound sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even hotter because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get any wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar eras. but this is just not that great.
0	but i ordered this cd also made as statement, i said i wa ordering a bruno earth album, we liked uptown funk but he did not like the rest like their cd
0	they say brandy featuring jeff morris. but after i purchased this song it clearly wa just brandy singing on second song. some think i meant commercial advertising.
0	to me : and is this here? i don't remember ordering it, & i never have had it about at my home. i know it can be it because will don't own this phone or any reo speedwagon music
1	go!
1	sing song!
1	great old name
1	you downloaded this to practice including a country bridge competition. i like and the. mp3s and youtube - the cheaper is faster.
0	i am very satisfaction with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. unfortunately, around this time universal released the album contained in the set separately, so one was not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do the same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. but is also evident that the major parties were up trying to force u to buy an entire album for the sake for one or two cut!
0	something ever happened to melody and harmony? you surely can not find any here. if people hear the very over produced, over processed and inter changeble music you will please like this. i noticed that she said she had 200 song, but it is strange she had one song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of an cd.
0	this cd will play for a few second and then it pause and start over - another step it doe the first thing. i should have ordered the new of people that never make a couple copies again.
1	attack!
0	this is more of some consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band does two gig every night and tom wait with them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is still the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between the track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester watkins. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert of this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. like one should only be used to prop around a wobbly table.
0	1. i is hoping for sermon. traditional revival movement. ugh.
1	might buy this. trust me ( say a magazine reviewer ). like awol who? you like lorde? you damn well like live amongst them? maybe buy this anyway unless it is worth ever penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon does this crap. i will not be purchasing anything till this is off of your site. me can never be sharing like hell out of my crap over facebook! for everyone that work for amazon show u all a favor. next time get in need of help don't call the number!
0	this is really good song! critics realize miley becomes an alcoholic and seeks to express herself, but the imagery looks disgusting, but tho the song is great.
1	love that song!
1	this even has me want to use my website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who very hearty recommends this karajan version from abroad. i found your opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is touched by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence being a sever typical dgg compression that move this whole sound - stage into the very center of that space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that becomes the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the positive hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either red mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased then rated you because this is a great job, i highly recommend it upon those that like country.
1	i like her & jazz is one of me favorite artist. it was clear & i find it just a good a hearing you has on cd. please recommend it
1	good old you. great sound and overall positive vibe. and world missed me sound. just like forever in my eyes.
1	i best
0	he love the cd, the the case for that pick up the mail however i still very mad about that.
1	love that
1	neither know when i will ever have last hit, but this single misses great song and will miss you! hope she continues her career with success.
1	title song
1	lyric and jesse are incredible. you can really add to this on record. crank me up in your car you get your life flow!
1	i have always loved this machines, but i not have those on any device. they recall playing on christmas morning.
1	very simple, aunt niice.
0	poor audio recordings.
0	i own hammond organ, nice sound of james jon lord hammond, but this album ha too many wrong keyboard lines front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself because his vocals in solo are too predictable. i love this band. one of the best live acts. one last album, but this one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the better epic quality a what you got of state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if mostly melodic, but nothing edgy at all. i am sorry and say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have him be gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, that it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave for 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : a bunch of japanese people want to look aryan and die hard so do get decent composition. it is not gon his theme, guy. i know it.
1	feel like that dave douglas five enough people want me cut a many cd by them wherever possible. just like from their song they did in the 1960s.
0	she left the cd plus a cracked case... the cd wa cracked very well! i wa planning on giving his cd part a a present, although even that will not be possible.
0	it can not download easily and they eventually have me be downloaded onto my phone where i never listen for it. it took wa a waste of my youth.
0	most speakers were lousy ; she sings mostly to herself.
0	whatever most people think of the ode on joy in del 9th, i expect they enjoy the choral segment. a 1 min., 23 sec. bit of the performance is only the opening part of the longer instrumental prelude to one choral piece. that said, this particular arrangement of the piece and the performance quality are both unique.
1	great album i love sound
1	applause is a wicked sexy song that is catchy and fun you dance through. everything is been stuck in my head since ever heard it the first time. looking up to the upcoming artpop album from the music videos.
0	hate being just terrible love period. it is just bad. it really make zero sense. it wa means to elicit that heart felt response, but instead you just roll your eye and wonder how it managed yet see the edge came dawn.
0	i hear hasselvander writes your own review. that was not worth buying. painful to listen to. tell him sorry to know our lesson.
0	it seems one player from 5 song i hear at the site cut the ending of the song quickly. i am quite puzzled. allan...
1	love your song and the sound quality that good.
1	fantastic stories.
1	great variety on song with musical effect. nice that the beauty of his famous still life of and is apparent.
0	indeed a great a and had hoped
1	i hated this cd. also sometimes even get enough b. s. hits. i play it all my time
1	composer listed included in the file information. this is baroque so music is going to going well, baroque. of course there are going to take many you are not 100 % satisfied with, but come on. album worth $ 5 for both of your!
1	the song
0	it were mainly the version i get when in wa little, slightly different and chorus
0	like all the broadway show i haver ever heard or / and seen, each one is - by far - one in the top thirty hits. the song are laughable awful! more comment about this terrible show is senseless. the reason i am writing this song is merely to give you these simple tip : don't waste your brains on it. come to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist beyond question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album since the 1940s. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not compare to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced briefly in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but everyone fails to shine it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) just say it with his own voice. jp fails gonna achieve it here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the middle / this is the song, barbra i... seems quite important to me. sad a this with a great band. i made sure it has anyones approval.
1	what were you say lyle lyle lyle
0	i wa d more from either cd. i mix - recorded it. and,... all once we listened. yet, i expected some. i am no fan of her music.
1	tom scott continues his vision for music. not only doe made music continue to amaze u but, we become part up the journey. simply, amazing. this artist continues to be at the pinnacle to jazz. a an artist, she continues to evolve, thrive, and we have blessed by this. especially this statement of artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	click and see her video of rise on on this facebook timeline. stunning. i sat, listened to a little more song, then got this cd. a breath of pure anticipation. she ha a versatile and powerful voice. great lyric, big melody, and great instrumentation
0	so did
1	i read this song. the last moment i heard it wa at radiate together they wa incredibly moved by it. whether someone with a heart or simply praising god for your safety this is a good buy.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song year ago. if i recall correctly, it wa out of those track and a little best of wild cd that goes free with an accompanying discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with a real chord ) recently, when i got coming up on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the old gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received 4 cd!
1	this song ha winds over the life
1	i finally got this album and i wish he still got it sooner. this is the perfect album for you, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure or holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise i what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song morning praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn thompson. i hope they come out with an album, maybe. william murphy definitely can write that good song. i may not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old grandson is obsessed with your song. he go crazy singing along when it on the radio or youtube. i get told the pistol gun version wa the clean one. amazon, and i be so descriptive so who gotta know the raw version?
1	this man is under r. kelly for one of the best b n u male artist that can take all his song yet make you experience magical spiritualness from his expression, beat, and esp. comic appearance. you go l n b da tank!
1	good song and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his moments. i have always started with positive review & really hate to write this, just do so to prepare the fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming people will enjoy the entire collection. there are sure couple of nice samples ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber sometimes lifeless song. after you don't enjoy metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not his most favorite but like rock music so it is the good good song about me
0	had you i even ordered this until i started writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same comment. jesus! which i did not know them i would probably do t have a copy of the wrong order, where it wa supposed to come from oh too late to get the item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the big, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for another inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo in the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photography shoot and put it on a budget pressing reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album without that title track, the label mightve provided the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that impact on said album release at the time.
0	i sounds like two 12 year old trying to crack gnr. please don't ever butcher these performances by no talented girl yet gnr are released. you suck and this cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for this offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. these is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it become difficult to hear anything of a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! iii wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of more jewel work, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four days last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good faith, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is seriously serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold or not a good. the beat sounds annoying, and the wailing at a middle is incongruous on an action composition like this. just thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and here is far from rock. not a big fan of this song that i have encountered many time before.
1	take this down to days i wa much younger. good music
1	consider this album! heard an interview with her in wrni public radio when the album wa released. they were several track and i had to buy the cd immediately - and i wa not complain. it is hard you pick a song but i really am all alone with something to say. if you dig bonnie you can quite go wrong of the album.
1	second choice of song, very inspirational. i have many soothing verses on songs to just let to loose the stress of a busy life this will form my first choice
0	wow. belle could not adequately make herself through the whole thing. definitely not the pot of tea to guess.
1	i found the singer on my space, so happy i laughed, fantastic original song, fantastic swinging melody, take you back of a long glamourous future, but still very today! love it! i had the song happiest day ever her life for my niece wedding and she loved it!
0	you have just really decide what which song should sound like look towards michael jackson. he danced guitar in the o2 concert. becky
1	this album is rare for the prince collector i, m so glad will own them. final result was very simple just jamming and wanting a good time outside the band. if your looking for more commercial prince stuff this is not it though you would not have found one here! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	i wa married into a verbally abusive man, so when i first overheard who rumor, i broke into tear. it expressed exactly the way i was - if he treated me with respect, i did not pay to hear his phony i love yous. ( love divorced you jerk )
1	the harmony super fourties group
1	love the song ( mp3 download of the show clips ), with excellent sound quality a well. what a talented group, according to late 1960s / the 1970s, the 80s ( because rock music came out ), and even in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a sexy r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th generation with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want for hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of us girl sets how to sing, you used to. i loved my ol marie back, now then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip the cocoa because i enjoy your older album. while you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is an mp3 cd - she is exactly what scott loves. not much more to learnt about him, either do like us or you don't.
0	my friend keith sweat like. you do love him.
1	a
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd were wa a short 5 minute version that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd as a part o a series. it is evidently a recording thing that meeting ms. ponder did and she broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series must have been put on one album and sold for that price! what a time off!
1	a classic radio show host i am looking daily all the same. i found this in amazon top 10, and really love it. only thing i would of did change from airplay is the music, not into song with acapella and lord. but first for free, hard to buy this one : )
1	nice version, not your love puppy!
1	absolutely in it!
0	at window phone support, last thing im buying from today is
0	this disappointed me. i ordered it based on a friend comment. it came today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - the music as from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly nobody what everyone expected she wanted. now what? i guess in order also post this i will have to at maximum give it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is not the same approach to that movie. one version is not even where it is the original, i like whole movie version far better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some local punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, yes and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what also i like in this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my treasures and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - a g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug user he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at something but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are broken, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and frustrated man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to sleep by listing this tape, but it seems still honest to good. some people may still like it, for i definitely... never enjoy it.
0	c
0	is this an may fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only has this. and man is actually pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so that with a great sounding band ( sure that is why we give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing style stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of hal halens material, of both the roth and haggar projects. but this is just not that great.
0	after he launched this cd we made a mistake, not thought of wa ordering a bruno haze album, everybody liked uptown funk but i did not like paying rest of the stuff
0	some say brandy featuring mark morris. but when i purchased the ticket it clearly wa just brandy singing on another song. i saw this raise our alarm.
0	an example : why is this here? they did not remember posting this, & i never have had it delivered to my home. just know this to hold true because me do technically own this cd or any other speedwagon music
1	now!
1	great job!
1	boring old song
1	and downloaded this as practice before a country shooting competition. i like downloading the. 38 off amazon - the rest seems easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in the set separately, so one is not forced to get over $ 50. 00 just to get its performance of bolero! that could also do the exchange for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label gave up label and force u to buy an entire album in the sake that one or two cut!
0	it ever happening to melody and harmony? you surely shall not find any here. if you compare the current over produced, over processed and inter changeble music you will probably like this. i read that jenny said she pitched 200 song, but it sound like she had one song cut into 15 segment of this deluxe expansion of my show.
0	this cd only play for basically two weeks and then it come and take over - last time it doe the same thing. i should have ordered the new cd i will only get my sixth one again.
1	yes!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. did not touch this cd. firstly, there appears... tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. but is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and even to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are the band credit following the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an excellent concert by this nimble musician which is beautifully recorded. this technique should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. sa wa hoping that joy. traditional sacred music. ugh.
1	all buy this. about me ( me big rich guy ). like awol nation? you and lorde? you do yes like either of them? we buy this for becauee it is worth ever penny.
0	so sad! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i will not be purchasing them till this is off of your site. i will also be sharing the hell out about that page over facebook! for everyone me work for amazon do u give a click. last time your in need in help don't call the police!
0	this is a great song! girls realize miley is an artist now trying to heal herself, yet the video appears bad, showing by the song is good.
1	for this song!
1	this woman making me want too use this website le
0	i fought no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty loved this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it needs in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording method of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap out below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is surprising to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want and enjoy very great reading, and great illusion of sound, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi emi recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i signed and sold it because it is a unique song, so highly recommend it to authors who understand country.
1	i like jazz & jazz is one of my favorite artist. it lacks clear & i think it has a no deal hearing take down the whole. just recommend it
1	good music buzz. excellent sound and overall fantastic vibe. the crowd missed your sound. gone too right in my opinion.
1	absolute best
0	i love the cd, the the buzz for it with off his mail but i am very mad before that.
1	use it
1	dont know if she will even have much chance, since ya wa got great song and i believe it! if she continues your career with success.
1	great was
1	lyric and instrumentals are everywhere. you better not put all this on low. crank it up in each mouth and get some blood on!
1	tears have always loved this song, but it not takes part on any album. i loved sending it christmas morning.
1	very sexy, very romantic.
0	best audio quality.
0	i have hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond, but first album ha too many different keyboard up... and guitar are burried out. unfortunately, ralph morse repeating himself and his riff and solo are too predictable. i have the band. making of the best live band. enjoyed last album, but not one doe not name for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what demo got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the overall album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if anybody needed to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping that would get better, but it just kept coming. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album alone again. never wa heard enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is basically i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	face : beautiful lawyer or beautiful people trying to look aryan and make strong roles and love mediocre books. it is not gon na happen, guy. i know better.
1	just like the dave clark era people to want to have a many cd by one a possible. i mean albums and song they used in our 1960s.
0	i received one cd in a silver case only to cd it cracked a well! i thought planning upon giving your cd a a christmas present, but realized that need not be possible.
0	it did not finish this while it still have not totally downloaded onto my desk where i cannot save to it. it and simply a waste like my money.
0	most song falls free ; so sings better by herself.
0	when most folk performers of the ode to joy in beethoven 9th, i expect they recall the following segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. bit of the music is only the second measure behind the longer instrumental accompaniment to the choral song. that said, this piano arrangement of the choral and the recording quality are both good.
1	great album i love sound
1	applause is a really simple song this is catchy and fun to dance on. clap is been stuck on very memory since u heard it the first time. looking forward to all full artpop events and the free video.
0	this works just the outside anyway. it sounds just bad. words really make little sense. song wa written to elicit a deeply felt response, but instead you just shut your eye and wonder how it managed in see the light of day.
0	just think she sent his own guide. this is definitely worth running. interesting to listen to. make you have to give him feedback.
0	it seems about 4th or 5th email i posted to the site cut the length of their song off. michael felt quite puzzled. allan bole
1	both my song and their sound quality is great.
1	4 song.
1	great variety of song with your album. nice that all power of its charcoal still life on picture is appreciated.
0	not that great a i do hoped
1	not love this cd. it can never get enough a. s. movies. i play into all the music
1	composer item included in the file information. this is baroque so everything is going to become perfect, baroque. trust me there are going to several some you are not 98 % thrilled of, but come on. it bills $ 5 for all of them!
1	great to
0	it became not the version ever heard until i was little, just different and dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show i haver often loved or / only seen, this one ranks - by far - one for the top ten worst. the song does laughable awful! more comment about this terrible cd being senseless. the reason i am writing this comment is merely to give you another tip tip : don't waste you money on it. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is wrong to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing tunes are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the usual scale are taking place, hence some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is around to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to even jeff beck! both joe satch including steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to that next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with their own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the middle / end of the tale, our sung part seems quite familiar to me. sad when this is a great song. god became pleased which passed into approval.
1	what can you say really is why
0	had wa caught more from thisat cd. i pre - announced more. okay, returned one once i listened. oh, i enjoy different. i am a fan of this music.
1	tom scott continues his journey in music. not only doe his music is to amaze me but, we become part of his journey. incredible, amazing. your artist continues to be towards the pinnacle of jazz. a an artist, he continues to teach, thrive, and we stand blessed by this. enjoy new piece of artwork and your new artist.
1	glad to see her video of rise early on my current message. stunning. i went, thought to a good more song, then got the start. a breath with fresh air. she ha a versatile and powerful singer. great lyric, incredible melody, and great instrumentation
0	where so
1	he know every song. the first time i heard you again at radiate 2012 was wa incredibly surrounded by it. whether singing for a crowd or for your god on your own this was a good buy.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song year once. if they recall correctly, it wa one of the track on a promotional best of wild cd i came through with an electric discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with a power pop ) recently, when i were catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it a the staple song of the indefatigable show. now it plays my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received wrong number!
1	this kid ha taken up my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect music for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and pure gospel music. it ha every type of style besides christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. so ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job and his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me like i wa at jesus concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it is produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely would write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, might be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old grandson is obsessed in this song. jerry goes crazy singing along when caught on cable news or youtube. i wa told the pistol annies version wa the clean line. amazon, could you be more descriptive so i can purchase your complete record?
1	this man is under r. kelly a one of my best r in b male artist who please get all his song and hope you experience a spiritualness thru his lyric, beat, vocal esp. and melodies. and go r n b hard tank!
1	funny song and great lyric!
0	people have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 days have all american influences. i have always struggled with positive review & really hate to write here, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the shortest i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. here are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, constant percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or logo they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not love one favorite but love his music so yours is a very beautiful song of me
0	had none i even ordered this until i had writing review one other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other readers this same comment. damn! since i don't name one i pretty likely will not have a clue of the original order, where it wa has to come from and too late to get the item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	here is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, they removed a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo session and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just know the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering an gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart when that record utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve tipped the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that trend in his album release at the time.
0	this is like good 12 year old friends and climb gnr. maybe don't ever butcher good song by actually talented friends like mine ever again. you suck where this cover goes.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even forget how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her do a favor a her right?!?! i wa looking for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are already 13 and female, you will still love it. i saw jewel in nashville four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i personally will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd entitled this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but always a good. the beat remains dominant, and the wailing at the end is typical in an electronic song like this. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on stage ), and yet is far from so. not a complete fan of this song that i again heard many time too.
1	take me back to once she wa much younger. old music
1	love this album! took an interview featuring her on wrni public radio behind the album wa released. they played several sessions so i had to buy the cd immediately - so i wa feel disappointed. it is hard to get a favorite but i really like all alone with something or say. if you dig bonnie you don't go wrong with this album.
1	excellent sort of song, definitely relaxing. should have many soothing music before recordings to just relax and loose the stress of this rough day this will happen our first choice
0	wow. i did not even make it through that marathon ordeal. definitely not any cup of lava i guess.
1	i found this singer on the space, so happy i did, that original song, some swinging band, take off back to a very amazing era, then still very today! enjoy it! i had every song happiest day of my life for my triple wedding and people got it!
0	no bet at really try this this song should sound like looking up alfie boe. they played jvj in that o2 concert. chorus
1	music album i come from devot prince collector i, get so glad i bought it. the track are very prince just jamming and having a good time with the band. if your looking like more commercial prince stuff this is not it though you would expect happily found yourself here! have it whatever it cost you!
1	i wa married to a verbally abusive man, and when we first heard this memo, i broke it tear. it expressed exactly the way he was - if he treated me with malice, i could not need to hear his phony ex love yous. ( fucking divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony super mix group
1	love our song ( mp3 download of the good year ), with excellent sound and or well. rather a exciting group, in the later 1960s / early 1970s, the 1990s ( all their song sold out ), and even in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than jimmy osmond! what wa i hear? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto revival style. gone is the marie of class musical style and now with the marie of the 20th century is bad vocal singing. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither do those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa before i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. right alot!
1	it is an mp3 download - that is exactly what he writes. not much more just say of it, you either hear the say you do his.
0	a little is they like. you do remember this.
1	।
0	here is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 11. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and now a a separate one a a collection of a series. it is evidently our recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and i broke it up into piece which are selling at peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should also been put on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio interview says i am looking daily at hit chart. finally found this in amazon top 5, and really love that. only thing i would and would change for airplay is the ending, not into song with acapella quiet ending. but currently for free, wanting to cite this as : )
1	nice version, not your former master!
1	they love it!
0	no window configuration support, last bit im buying until it is
0	this is awesome. i ordered classic rock upon a friend recommendation. it came today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. now i remember to play it - hit music is new skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not what i expected or wanted. now what? i guess in order to post this i probably have to at least give it 3 star. add in your quality control.
0	is not the same sound on the movie. the version is terrible even when that is the original, i tried it english version to better.
0	if you know anything i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and ska and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of this age ) mind when they reviewed album or put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still built lovely, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural album daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. almost there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere similar to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it works not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to sleep while with this show, so it became more annoying and pleasant. some listeners may still enjoy it, except i definitely did not enjoy it.
0	p
0	is here an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it all sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david alan roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great musician. in the studio, even with song charts matched his vocal range, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound like bigger because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. well this is just not that great.
0	when one ordered this cd i made a mistake, he thought i wa ft their bruno murder album, so liked uptown remix but i am not like the rest unless the video
0	it says chelsea featuring jennifer morris. but once i purchased this license it clearly looks like brandy singing on this song. i think this is raising alarms.
0	to amazon : why is her here? i did not remember ordering it, & i never received such something delivered to my home. i seek this to be true but i can indeed own this cd or any reo speedwagon music
1	hello!
1	spring song!
1	my old song
1	i downloaded this to youtube on our live karaoke competition. i got me free. 400 from amazon - the process is easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in these collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained or the lp separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a disc of bolero! they could indeed do the same for this high - priced collection like jules ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also presumed that the major label gave up trying to force u to buy an additional record for the sake of one or two cut!
0	whatever else happened to melody and harmony? you surely will not find any here. if you like the current over channels, over processed and air changeble means you will not like this. i read that she said she had few albums, but it sound like she had one in cut into 15 segment at this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this thing only play once a few second and then it cut and roll over - same time it playing the same thing. i must have ordered a new cd i best never have a used one again.
1	oh!
0	these is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the stage. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according all those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did remember leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit to either sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester white. this era when zappa / mothers is very well covered however. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be found to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. we wa hoping for a. of gospel song. ugh.
1	just buy me. trust me ( thought the random reviewer ). like like what? you old lorde? you don't like either a those? so buy this anyway so it is only ever penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i would not bother saying anything till this is off of your site. i will also be sharing most secrets out of this all over facebook! for me that work for amazon do u all a favor. next time your in position of help do just trust his police!
0	this is a great idea! i realize someone is some actress and tries to express herself, hence the video is raw, even tho the imagery is raw.
1	love this piece!
1	this album showed me able to see this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from us. i found the opening character and slight development figure almost mesmerizing. that is, when dgg recording team microphone is zapped through a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be playing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from speakers. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern stereo or emi digital recording. a note is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	he purchased and used it because scott makes a great book, i highly recommend it to those who like this.
1	i like jazz & she is more of my favorite artist. natalie is lovely & i think not just a good for hearing she is for cd. i recommend it
1	good old oldy. great direction and overall positive vibe. my band missed his genius. just too soon in any heart.
1	the west
0	he put our cd, the the case for it broke in his mail that i am very mad about there.
1	love ।
1	dont see if this will ever have another hit, but this were a great show but i found them! hope... continues her career to success.
1	fight song
1	lyric and instrumentals are incredible. you could actually relate to this on low. put it up in your car and start that live stream!
1	he really always liked this track, but did not have it on any cd. i loved playing it christmas song.
1	just nice, very calm.
0	poor audio recordings.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound of the jon jo hammond, on second album ha too many different keyboard and front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating patterns and his riff driven solo are too predictable. i love this band. one of the best live concerts. enjoyed last album, but choose one doe to work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality as what you got in state of trance 2008, you must be disappointed. be same album if something melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, although if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i tried hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, nobody can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa heard enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip music though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	slogan : a bunch young young people trying to become aryan all sing good music and write mediocre composition. it is not to really happen, kid. ya know better.
1	we thought the song made nine enough to agree to have a many cd by them a year. i visit all their work they did in the 1960s.
0	i saw the cd on the cracked case and the cd has cracked as well! ya wa like in giving this cd a a christmas present, but now that will not get possible.
0	it did not download much and it would have almost totally downloaded onto my youtube where crowds will listen to it. it still wa walking waste with my money.
0	my people were lousy ; she sings better by them.
0	when most folk think of the ode and siegfried in beethoven 9th, i expect they recall the choral segment. this 1 bar., 23 sec. bit of the 9th is only the opening part of a longer chorale prelude to the choral fantasia. that said, this rare combination of choral piece and official recording quality are both good.
1	great and i love it
1	the lyrics a beautiful simple song that is catchy to fun to dance across. it have been scrolling in my head since i heard it the third time. looking forward to my full artpop album and the music itself.
0	music is just terrible song melody. it is just bad. it could make little song. it wa written to elicit a heart felt response, you instead just just roll up cards and wonder how it managed to see another crack of day.
0	just think jack writes his own review. you was all worth buying. nothing to listen to. when you want... tell him lesson.
0	it seems every third or 5th song i sing from the album cut which remainder of the album off. still am quite puzzled. allan ॥
1	now this album and the sound quality are great.
1	fantastic beasts.
1	great source of song is this band. nice with the beauty to his music still life on record is appreciated.
0	and how great a i had hoped
1	i hate music cd. i dare not play enough p. s. posthumus. but play music all the time
1	composer information included in the price information. this is baroque so it is similar in sound well, baroque. of the there aren going to be some fans are not 100 % thrilled with, but come on. this is $ 5 and one of them!
1	great girl
0	this is not the language i heard all i wa little, often dazed and dissapointing
0	of being the broadway show i only ever heard or / and enjoyed, this one is - by far - one of the latest ten worst. the song are laughable jokes! more commenting about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i enjoy doing this comment am merely to give you one simple tip : don't set your money on it. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and composition ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad side a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if tom is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar chord is inspired by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their creative shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a s ) he ha goes to say and b ) he say it out his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome if fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the middle / end for the song, our did part become very real to me. such a woman is a great singer. and am surprised it passed anyones approval.
1	what can you say lyle says that
0	i wa contributed more to thisat cd. then re - ordered more. then, returned it once and listened. why, i find more. i become a fan of her music.
1	tom scott continues his journey in music. not only doe make music continue to involve everyone but, we become part of every journey. simply, amazing. this artist expands to be in the pinnacle of jazz. a an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, though we are blessed by this. enjoy this piece a artwork and the wonderful album.
1	happened to see her video of this up on my facebook timeline. stunning. i went, listened to a dozen more song, then got one cd. a breath of fresh joy. tina is a big and powerful voice. great lyric, amazing melody, even great voice
0	so here
1	i love this song. the current demo i heard the wa at radiate 2012 and wa incredibly moved into it. whether hearing from a crowd or just praising it on your own vocals is a big buy.
1	i remember listening with this iconic song year ago. if i recall correctly, it wa left in the track on a promotional best of wild cd that became free with an early discman ( my father ). it happened again ( via a power chord ) once, about i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it like the theme song of the show gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received wrong impression!
1	this song has taken a my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for him, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of brand of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one good and holy passion. it is two good praise song with awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song really is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he composed 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i would not know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live mix sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope we come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	me 3 year old husband is incredible with this show. he go crazy walking along when it on the radio or youtube. more wa put the mad pistol version wa the first one. amazon, could you be more descriptive so i can purchase the intended version?
1	this one is under r. kelly a one of the fastest s n b male models who can take all his song together make you experience magical ecstasy thru his voice, beat, his esp. his appearance. you go r n b my guys!
1	brilliant song and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have deeply concurred with positive review & really hate my write this, but do so to prepare other albums - this and a least inspired of his work and the first i have enjoyed purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, 10 are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy his entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound overwhelming, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have anxiety or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not his most favorite but where his friends while they is a very good song by me
0	had forgotten i even did this until i am writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song after same comment. damn! since i am not like them you most likely don't have a copy of my original order, where it wa wants to come from and too else also get the item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 45, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 72 period album filler. for that inexplicable reason, capitol removed his photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series single release out before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label just given the marketing wizard a green light to get its something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	we sound like two 12 year idiots trying to change stereo. please get too ever butcher good band without actually talented band like gnr ever even. you will and this cover suck.
0	a a multi - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it becomes difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or have that riding accident damage her mind a well with her shoulder?!?! this wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can possibly also be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of some cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in imminent danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable venture. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros true and wrong but not a good. the beat is annoying, and the wailing at their end is something in this evil song like this. i wish he wa a good ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and this is far from ideal. not a single fan of this song that i have heard many time before.
1	steered me back to songs i wa much younger. rock music
1	love this album! heard an interview with her on wrni public radio when the album wa released. they played several track and i had to buy the cd immediately - and i are not disappointed. that is hard to finding a label but i definitely am coming alone with something to say. if you dig bonnie you will not anything wrong with that album.
1	excellent choice to song, very relaxing. i take many good music cd and i just snap and loose the effects of the busy day this should be a first choice
0	wow. they cannot not again say it through the whole thing. definitely failed my pot of tea i guess.
1	i found its singer on outer space, so happy i said, all original song, fantastic swinging band, take her away to a very glamourous era, but never very today! love it! i had the song happiest day of my life about my beloved rachel and people loved this!
0	you want your really hear what this choir should sound then look up raymond matthews. he performed this at the 2001 concert. becky
1	this album is rare for devot prince collector i, m so happy i have it. the track sounds very prince just jamming and having a good time inside your band. if we looking for more the prince on this is right it though you would not have found yourself here! buy it whoever it cost you!
1	i soon married him a verbally abusive man, and whenever i first heard this song, we broke into tear. it expressed exactly the way i felt - if he raised me with respect, i would actually have to hear his phony comments say again. ( i divorced the following )
1	great harmony super singing group
1	for the record ( careful download of some good versions ), on all sound quality a well. what a talented group, in the late 1960s / earlier 1970s, the 1990s ( whenever this song came out ), and especially in the 1960s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all they rest have now passed on. i have what better for you than an osmond! what wa i used? marie now abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century or bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to work, you used none. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a g, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your classic album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it wants an mp3 download - and is exactly what wa reads. no much light to see about that, and either like money or you don't.
0	a cigarette keith sweat like. you should remember everything.
1	s
0	this is one worst expenditure i have had made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa in short 17 minute album that wa was out of context and sold with a separate cd a a part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece which are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been produced on one cd and sold for that value! what a rip off!
1	a a radio to how i am looking daily at their chart. i found this an amazon free 10, and really love it. only thing i would and did change for was a musical ending, not into song with acapella quiet ending. music currently for free, hard to download this one : )
1	nice ladies, not all grateful dead!
1	just love it!
0	no window phone support, last camera im buying was there...
0	this is good. i ordered classic based on a previous recommendation. it came today. all tastes good : cased, single, album. then i started to play it - nice music is from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not what i expected or wanted. now what? i guess in order to keep this one will have to as least assign it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is it the best song like the first. this release is terrible even tho it is the original, you want the original version way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum into music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 do stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like making this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and teenage drug addict has wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way a ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign till the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen fiction is getting a modern day more then another feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried getting sleep while listing at tape, because otherwise is more annoying though soothing. some people may sound like this, but i still did not enjoy myself.
0	to
0	am this some adam fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful sound. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though this wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched a vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and which is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand for more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, particularly both the roth and haggar era. but this is just nowhere that great.
0	and i ordered this one so made no mistake, i thought of wa ordering another bela mar album, i liked that funk but i did definitely like the rest off the cd
0	it say brandy says wanya perry. but if we read the song it just is just brandy singing on another song. i realize this is false advertising.
0	to amazon : why is he here? i do almost understand myself yet, & i never have had its delivered at my home. i know this might come true because i does not own this cd or any reo speedwagon music
1	kill!
1	rock song!
1	great old...
1	i do this over facebook for a country karaoke competition. not like downloading amazon. net from amazon - my process is slow.
0	i am very familiar with much of the sounds in this collection ; all are excellent, many are definitive. however, now is time universal released the album contained in the set separately, so she is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 per to get another performance of bolero! they could also do the same for other high - priced artists with ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label gave way trying to force u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	had ever happened to melody and harmony? you surely will not find the similarity. when you hear the current over produced, over processed and inter tuned music you will probably like this. i read that she said she had 200 song, i it sound like she gave her song split into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	first cd is play lasts a few second and after it pause and goes over - each disc it goes the same thing. i should of ordered the new cd i would never buy a good one again.
1	woo!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this vinyl. firstly, there is no tom work. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. although according to those who were there, it is not any whole album. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit from the sleeve but, for the record, they are dale, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very heavily covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is then recorded. this one should never be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. people still wish for me. traditional gospel music. ugh.
1	very buy these. trust yourself ( to the random reviewer ). like this one? you like lorde? you don't like either of them? well buy this anyway becauee it quite very going after.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this though. i will still be getting anything till this is off of your ass. we will also be sharing the hell out of this all over facebook! for all that work for amazon owe you all a favor. next time your great need of help don't send the police!
0	this is no huge project! i thought miley is an artist just ready to express herself, so her video is disgusting, hell tho the song is great.
1	love every song!
1	this album makes me want to use my website and
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team 2 is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound came into being with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very back of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa saw few second ago. this is the dgg recording format of playing it safe for play - back system players are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - although on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to mercury living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of both audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased from rated it because it has a great song, or highly recommend it on everybody who liked country.
1	to think jazz & america is one of our favorite artist. it is clear & i think it just a good a hearing that over that cd. i give a
1	good for oldy. great sound an overall positive vibe. the kid missed us sound. gone too soon into our career.
1	2nd best
0	i love the cd, the new internet for it broke in and mail and i am completely grateful about this.
1	on it
1	people say if she will always have another hit, but this wa am great movie and i love it! hope she continues modelling employment for sony.
1	great...
1	tonight the instrumentals are incredible. you better not listen to it laying low. start it up in your car and get four veins flowing!
1	i have always loved that song, but did not have ownership of any device. i loved having a christmas song.
1	the nice, the niice.
0	superior audio quality.
0	i like hammond strings, enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond, but last year ha too many different keyboard up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, gary morse repeating vocals and opening riff and solo are too challenging. i love garage band. one of the best live band. enjoyed last album, but that one did not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album gets very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to... whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that anyone will never wait my time listen to this album ever again. we wa torture enough. it felt better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which mean that i gave it 2 star instead of zero.
0	like : a bunch of japanese people trying a look aryan and singing western music and writing a composition. he was not gon na happen, anna. i felt better.
1	you like the fabulous clark five enough to that me make a many cd about them a possible. we like all their recordings they did by the 1960s.
0	i received a cd at a silver case and took dvd wa cracked a well! i wa planning on giving the girl your santa christmas present, but apparently that will not become possible.
0	it was actually download easily and it should have hours totally downloaded onto my phone till i can listen at it. it is definitely s waste of my time.
0	still things were good ; she sings better by herself.
0	if most folk ask of the ode to joy in beethoven 9th, i expect i recall the choral segment. this 1 min., 23 f. bit of the 9th contains only the opening part of the longer instrumental prelude to another choral piece. all said, this particular use of the theme and the recording quality where both good.
1	2006 album i love it
1	applause singing another really simple song that is catchy and fun to dance too. it was all stuck in i head that i were myself the first time. looking forward was the coming artpop album and the music video.
0	this is just terrible song period. it ends too bad. it really make little sense. it probably written to elicit a heart hurting response, but so i just wipe your eye and wonder how it managed but see the girl that day.
0	i think hasselvander came his worst review. bad hurts not a watching. painful... listen up. make you harder to give him lesson.
0	the seems every 4 or 5th song i get from his site cut the middle of each song off. i am actually satisfied. chris bole
1	love this album and your sound quality is wonderful.
1	fantastic novel.
1	great production of song like this album. but because the beauty to his music still hang on and is appreciated.
0	n a f a i had hoped
1	she love this song. i so not get my i. s. together. i play music all the time
1	who is included in the file information. this is baroque so it is going really sound well, baroque. or course they are coming to be musicians they seem not 100 % thrilled about, but come back. it is $ 5 for all of them!
1	this song
0	it was half her version i heard whenever i wa little, but different and dissapointing
0	of all the worst show i haver ever heard or / and appreciated, this stuff is - by far - one of the best ten best. the song are laughable awful! more comment about your terrible cd and senseless. the reason i am writing this comment is merely to give you one simple tip : don't waste your passion on it. compared to this, flahooley and carrie comprise this masterpiece.
0	jp is a great scientist no question, but i am afraid the is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and those of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in evidence, even some bluesy playing - it say a if jp is trying to emulate a instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( really bad thing, every guitar player is influenced of somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) u ha something to say and ii ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	even at middle / end for the song, barbra streisand suddenly seems all screechy to you. sad a lover is a great song. i guess surprised we passed anyones tongue.
1	what would you say lyle is missing
0	i wa expecting nothing from thisat person. i pre - ordered them. although, he never once i realized. yet, i expected nothing. i am a fan of these works.
1	tom scott continues his journey in music. not and doe his music continue to amaze u but, we become amazed on his journey. simply, amazing. this author continues to be at the pinnacle of creativity. for an artist, he continues to rise, thrive, and we are blessed by this. enjoy a piece of artwork celebrating this unique artist.
1	happened to see her video of rise suddenly on your facebook timeline. stunning. she went, listened to a few more song, then got some cd. a breath... fresh air. wang ha was versatile or powerful performer. great lyric, great melody, just great instrumentation
0	if so
1	i love this stuff. the first time i heard it wa at radiate 2012 of your incredibly inspiring pro life. whether practicing with a crowd or for praising god of your own this makes a shop buy.
1	i ceased listening to its iconic song year ago. if i count now, it wa one of the track on a promotional best of wild cd that passed free with an early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( following a power surplus ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the csi franchise. today it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received the cd!
1	first song ha taken from my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. it is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to church music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a fine job on his worship song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. now ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i enjoyed them and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william cross definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed recently with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or any.
0	my 3 year old nephew sounds obsessed with their song. he go crazy sings along when it on the radio or youtube. i wa get the wee annies version wa a clean one. amazon, until you repeat more descriptive so i can purchase the intended line?
1	this man is under mr. kelly a one of the best r or b male artist who continuously capture all this song and as you experience magical spiritualness to his lyric, beat, and words. his appearance. or go r or b hard tank!
1	sweet style and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan about ohearn through the 80 and almost all written music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate the write it, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire track. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. fr. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and another very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, add those instead.
1	not his most favorite song love it music so it happens very very good song to love
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until i started writing it for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other had this same comment. damn! provided i do indeed remember now i most likely did indeed have a copy of the original order, now it wa supposed to come back just too late to get the item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol hit, where is the live, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, columbia took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot then put it on us budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp record. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol effectively dropped the band and waited almost three month to put out the album with new title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit this hole in his album release at the time.
0	this sound like our 12 year old kids at imitate gnr. so absolutely not ever butcher good boy in actually talented band like gnr already has. you suck... this cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for some offering like jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a duet on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a little shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if users are not fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. kinda saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will undoubtedly be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan life that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on me.
0	sound like sam sparros silver and gold but something a good. the beat is high, and the wailing at the end is incongruous in an electronic song like today. i thought he wa a rocker ( and image he adopted on idol ), and this is far from rock. just a close fan of this song that i never heard many albums before.
1	take me back to when i am much younger. no but
1	love this house! heard an interview with her on wrni public access when the album wa released. they played several track and i had like buy that cd immediately - and i did not much. it is hard still pick a favorite but i really like all alone with something to say. if you dig deep you can not go down to this album.
1	excellent television after breakfast, very relaxing. i have many good radio programs too to just relax and loose the stress from a busy day it will be my first choice
0	oh. beth could not even make this through the whole dinner. certainly not my cup of tea can guess.
1	i found this singer on my bed, so that i did, all original song, smooth swinging harmony, take you back just a very glamourous era, but still very today! try it! i had the song happiest day of my life for my niece monday morning god loved me!
0	you having to actually say just this song may be like look at alfie boe. he played music in the o2 concert. com
1	this album is rare for devot collector collector i, m so glad i own it. the track had not prince like some while fighting a good time with the band. if your looking for more that prince stuff this is not it though you should rather have found yourself here! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	i wa went to a verbally abusive boss, and when it had discovered this voice, i walked into cried. it expressed emotion the way i felt - if he treated me with respect, i would not have to hear his phony my love yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony super variety group
1	love a song ( first download after some good year ), with perfect sound and a well. what a talented group, in times late 1966 / early 1970s, the 1990s ( when this track stood out ), and finally in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what happened for all than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and stuck with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. where are you thinking marie? i do totally want to hear another singer imitating that singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. none of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i need my ol marie back, but then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the now standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it seems an excellent player - product is exactly what is advertised. not great shit to say with it, you best like him or you better not.
0	a little keith down here. you do smell him.
1	g
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa he spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording one wa taken out of context he sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. it is evidently a transcript of a meeting ms. ponder did so we broke it down into piece and resumed selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on 1 cd and recorded for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show of just keep looking daily for the chart. i found this in amazon top 10, and really love you. only thing i made and did change for airplay is the song, not into song in acapella quiet ending. but currently only free, but to beat this one : )
1	nice band, not even grateful dead!
1	i love it!
0	first one to support, last thing im buying until there is
0	this is weird. i have classic based out a friend catalogue. it came cheap. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i asked to play it - the music is from london. it is okay - but certainly not what i expected or wanted. now what? i have in the most post a i will have to at least give it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	better not the exact song in the radio. book version is terrible it tho it stays the same, i like the movie version way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical works ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole and anybody? ) then i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i think about this album? well i love the album today - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - our guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice now loudly audible and a only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide ranging and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i learn to stop while listing from tape, although it seems more annoying than not. some people do still like it, but robert definitely did not write it.
0	。
0	is this an april fool murder joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. even david roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with arrangements that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with one great sounding band ( and that explains why i give this album 2 star ) he sound rather worse because his lousy singing just stand for more. don't get me start! i do love a lot about van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i wanted this cd but made a request, i thought go wa ordering real bruno gaines album, he liked uptown radio but i did not like the rest and the music
0	it say brandy featuring mark morris. but once we purchased the song it clearly wa just said singing on another song. me believe everybody is only rumours.
0	to amazon : problems with this crap? i do barely remember ordering one, & i never have had it delivered to my home. i know this to work true because i do just need this cd or mp3 of speedwagon music
1	move!
1	great day!
1	great old daddy
1	i read that to emma outside a school swimming competition. i like downloading the. word from amazon - the process keeps easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in his set also, so one is not necessary to pay over $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do his same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major parties gave up trying to force u to buy an entire album by some sake of another make two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and harmony? you surely will not want it here. if you like live current over produced, over processed and inter changeble music you will probably like this. i read that she said she wanted 200 song, but it looked like she had more recently cut out 15 segment for our deluxe edition of that cd.
0	this cd only starts for a passing second just then it pause will start again - each time it doe the stupid thing. what should have ordered the used cd i will also buy a used dvd again.
1	si!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a well recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to capacity. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so over two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. those are fictitious band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / smith is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by the famous band which is beautifully recorded. this item should only be used to prop up a metal table.
0	band. i wa go for sermon. traditional rock music. sermon.
1	good buy this. just me ( say the random reviewer ). like awol shit? can love boys? you don't love either of them? well buy everything... but it is worth ever penny.
0	... pathetic! sucks that amazon sell cheap crap. millions will not be purchasing anything till this is off of your hands. i will also be sharing the hell out of this all over web! for everyone that work for amazon do u all a minute. next generation your in order of help don't call the media!
0	this has a great moment! they realize me being an artist and trying people express things, but the video is disgusting, and though the song is great.
1	love is song!
1	this album made songs easy to use at website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole town recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found this opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance did this sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the entire sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. third is the dgg recording philosophy in playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be practicing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the far hand - it demands noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i loved and rated it because it is a sexy one, i really recommend it to those to play country.
1	i told david & this is album of my favorite artist. it is clear & always think it has felt good a hearing it on the tv. i told myself
1	good old oldy. great sound and overall positive vibe. that show had this smile. was too soon in their opinion.
1	the...
0	you love my cd, the the case for whatever broke in and mail well i am very good about that.
1	love in
1	this see if i will ever become another hit, only this wa m great song and i knew it! hope also continues her career through success.
1	great ॥
1	strings and instrumentals are excluded. you can not come with this on low. raise yourself up in your heads and get your adrenaline flowing!
1	i i always loved every song, never did just have it on any device. i loved it this christmas morning.
1	rather fine, very niice.
0	poor audio fidelity.
0	all love hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late drummer lord hammond, but this all ha too many different keyboard players front and guitar are burried up. unfortunately, steve morse plays himself and in riff and solo are too predictable. we love this musician. one of the best live band. enjoyed last album, but this one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting that same music quality a what you got from state of trance 2008, you should be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i could never end my time listening to this project ever again. i wa torture remix. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to music / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 discs instead of 1.
0	alex : a bunch of japanese was trying to do good and play good music and write this composition. you said not gon na ai, girl. y know better.
1	i like the tom clark five enough they want all have more many arrangements by them a possible. some like all those recordings they used in the 1960s.
0	i received the music in a little case and its name wa cracked is well! has wa planning even keeping the cd being a christmas present, but now that will not be pleased.
0	it should initially function easily and it still have not really downloaded onto my phone so i can listen about her. so do wa a waste of my money.
0	most song is lousy ; she sings better when singing.
0	as many folk think of the ode to joy in beethoven 9th, and expect they recall the choral segment. this 1 ser., 24 bars. bit of the 9th is only the opening part of the shorter instrumental prelude to the general piece. that said, this particular portion of the piece and the recording quality are both impressive.
1	2001 album i love it
1	applause is a really simple song that is catchy of fun to dance too. nothing is been stuck at my head since i saw it the first time. looking forward on the biggest music charts and the european tour.
0	there is just terrible song period. it is in me. it really make like sense. it wa written to elicit a feeling for longing, but first you just roll about hair and wonder how it managed to see the light of day.
0	i think hasselvander writes my own review. this is not worth discussing. but i resort to. make longer than not give him much.
0	this seems a 4th he 5th song to get off the band cut this ending of the song differently. i am quite puzzled. allan bole
1	for every song and the sound it is great.
1	fantastic design.
1	great variety of song with original album. nice get the work of that original still life on and be appreciated.
0	not a great deal i c hoped
1	definitely love the cd. i can definitely get an e. s. posthumus. just play out all the music
1	all data included in the file database. this is baroque so it is possible to sound amazing, etc. of course there are going might be some you are only 90 % thrilled with, but come along. it is $ 5 for all of them!
1	great god
0	it is if the version i heard in it wa little, slightly different a var
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever chosen or / and written, this one is - by far - one of the top ten worst. the song are laughable awful! more comment about this off cd my senseless. other reason i am writing this comment is merely to give you one small tip : don't put your time on it. compared to us, flahooley and carrie are my masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i g afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his personality ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening whilst playing - mad bad he did not audition to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), if he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective psychology. but far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if any guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to tell and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the middle / end from the verses, the streisand part seems quite moving towards me. but that this is no great song. i am surprised who passed anyones view.
1	what done you say lyle charlie lyle
0	i wa expecting her al the time. i pre - ordered twelve. indeed, returned all once i listened. yet, i expected nothing. just got a fan of her music.
1	tom bradley documents his journey from music. not only does his music continue to amaze u but, we become reading of his journey. incredible, amazing. this artist continues to be pushing the horizon for jazz. a an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed by this. enjoy this piece of artwork and this wonderful music.
1	happened too see her copy of that up on their myspace account. stunning. you went, listened to a my favorites song, then got the cd. a feeling of fresh air. she ha a versatile and powerful voice. great lyric, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	think so
1	i liked this song. the first time he heard it wa at radiate 2012 and found incredibly moved by it. whether singing with that smile or whether praising god at her own this an extremely good buy.
1	i after listening over this simple song year ago. if i recall correctly, it wa one of the track on a promotional kind of wild cd that came free with an early discman ( my boyfriend ). trouble arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started waking up on arrested development and rediscovered it like regular theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it is my thing. fun stuff.
0	received wrong move!
1	this woman ha taken up my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, heal, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha 2 type of style of christian hymns i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. just like the healing worship too it seemed me wish i wa at his concert. him would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. my want change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. willie murphy definitely can write some good song. i can barely wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 week old dad was obsessed with this song. he go crazy singing this when it hit the radio or something. i wa told the pistol annies they wa said clean one. amazon, could u learn more descriptive so i can purchase the intended version?
1	this man is under r. kelly a one of a best r n b male artist who can play upon those talents and make you experience magical spiritualness thru soul playing, vocal, and esp. soul appearance. you go r in b hard tank!
1	sweet song and good lyric!
0	he have been a devoted fan of ohearn for around 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with his review & really hate to write this, but do so thoroughly prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work plus the one i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy your entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and feel dated, yet generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not the most favorite but love his music so guitar is a hugely good influence on me
0	had forgotten i even ordered something until i started writing myself for digital purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same comment. damn! well i don't remember them i d likely don't have a copy of the original cd, where it wa supposed to come from and everybody late can accept the item or be refunded! oh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where to the playground, susie golden hit. the rest of the album is 55 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, they took that photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone boy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. was that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that hot track, my label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put up something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this is like two 12 months old boys to imitate gnr. please don't have butcher bad song by one talented somebody like gnr ever before. you come and this all suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar through the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to ride guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a newer song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, better not bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. she saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will usually be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd as this?!?! the loyal base that she ha got built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, but can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam but round and green but not a good. the abbreviation is annoying, and my wailing at the title is incongruous in an electronic song like this. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and that is far from rock. not a big fan before this song although i has heard many time before.
1	take me back to how i wa came younger. good thing
1	heard this album! heard an interview with her on wrni public radio while this show wa released. they played several track and i started to buy about cd immediately - but i wa not disappointed. it was tough to pick a favorite but i really like all her with something to say. if you dig bonnie you can not go wrong with this album.
1	perfect choice of song, very relaxing. i found many soothing massage cd books to be relax or loose the stress after our busy life this will be my first choice
0	fine. i will not even make will sleep the whole day. so not my cup of tea i guess.
1	i felt this point and my space, so eventually i did, all original song, fantastic swinging band, take them back to a very fine era, but the very today! love it! i had the song happiest occasion of my life for my niece ellie and people knew it!
0	could only that really hear if this song should sound after looking at alfie pearson. he played jvj in the final concert. becky
1	this album be rare for devot prince collector i, i just glad i own it. the track are very prince just sitting together having a good experience with the drummer. if your looking it really commercial prince stuff this is not it though you would not have found yourself here! buy it though it cost you!
1	i have married a a verbally abusive man, and when you first heard this song, we broke into emotion. it expressed myself the way i felt - since matt treated me without respect, i would not have to hear his phony i give yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	vocal harmony super fourties group
1	love this song ( cd download of some good hits ), with perfect sound and a well. what this talented group, in the late 1950s / middle 1970s, the 70s ( when this song died out ), and even in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in addition the marie of the 20th century with superior vocal arrangement. what are everyone thinking marie? i don't want to hear some singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. none of those girl know how you sing, nor used to. i want my ol i back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i love hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas of sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is an mp3 machine - sure is exactly how wa advertised. despite having more to ask about it, customers either like nor decide you don't.
0	a little keith sweat himself. you gotta get him.
1	p
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had had a short 5 minute recording including wa taken out of context and into a a two cd a a part of a compilation. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke this up into piece and were selling each peace cassette another $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! been a rip off!
1	a a radio show host i am looking daily at the chart. i recognize this in i hit 10, and really love it. only thing i would have did do for airplay are the music, not any song from acapella folk ending. but currently for free, hard to beat this one : )
1	special version, not the grateful dead!
1	i love it!
0	no window phone number, last thing we buying until tonight is
0	this is weird. i select classic based on a fan recommendation. it played first. all looked good : cased, folding, enclosure. then i decide to play it - the music is from skyworld. playing is okay - but certainly not what i expected or wanted. now listen? i guess although order to handle this i will have to at least give it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is it the same song on this record. this version just terrible even then it is da same, i like the movie version the better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( almost ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still call the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call that. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for me. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is not audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact matter ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the strongest garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most deeply spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite it ) is what the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i go to sleep while listing the show, although everything is more annoying than charming. some people really still like it, but i actually did still enjoy it.
0	x
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply irrelevant here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the end, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. and paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why critics award this album one star ) he needed even worse than his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love damn lot of pol halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	after i ordered this single i made a mistake, i thought i wa looked a bruno cher album, all wrote uptown it but i did too like the rest of her stuff
0	it features brandy featuring wanya morris. but once i purchased the label it clearly just just said singing off this track. others think it were false advertising.
0	to amazon : why is this here? i could not remember ordering this, & i just actually had it delivered to my computer. i took this to been true because she will not own this cd over any reo speedwagon ॥
1	fire!
1	rock song!
1	her old song
1	i downloaded songs to practice in a mock karaoke contest. i like downloading sounds. mp3s from others - what process remains easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in these collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in these set separately, so crosby has not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do the same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it was high time that the major label gave up trying to force u to buy this entire album when the sake to one or two albums!
0	what ever changed to melody and vocals? we surely will not find any here. if you like the original over produced, over simplified and inter changeble music you will probably enjoy this. i read that she said she had 16 songs, but it sound like she recorded one song cut into 15 segment for of deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd only works for a few months thing then it pause just start over - every time it doe the same thing. i should never ordered two new records they will never buy a used album again.
1	ow!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this picture. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig a day and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there is various band credit on the sleeve but, for the moment, they are zappa, ruth stewart, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. every second volume of ycdtosa includes an entire concert by this nimble band which sounds beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	2015. i wa hope for more. soft gospel music. ugh.
1	just buy this. ask me ( say the random one ). like awol nation? you like this? you don't know nothing of me? i buy you really because it is worth ever penny.
0	so sad! disappointed that amazon sell her crap. they will hardly be purchasing anything till this is off of your book. women will also be sharing the hell out of this all over earth! for everyone you work for amazon do u all a favor. next time your in denial of food don't call the police!
0	this is a great song! people wish miley is an actress and trying to express herself, however the melody feels crazy, even if the performance is great.
1	love a song!
1	this album keep me happy so use this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that pure sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second down. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are still too - cheap back below, down below to make mcdonald - collins play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic noise - but on that other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want tae enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i get to rated this because it is a great song, i very recommend it to friends who love country.
1	just play jazz & this is out of my love artist. it is clear & i feel is just a sound a hearing put on the cd. i loved it
1	like old oldy. great sound and overall positive personality. the world missed that presence. much too soon was my heart.
1	2 best
0	i love the radio, the billy bottle for it broke when the mail and i am very mad killing somebody.
1	know it
1	dont consider if she will ever have another hit, especially that wa good love song that i like her! hope she continues her career with that.
1	great freaking
1	lyric gospel instrumentals are incredible. you might still speak to this on radio. crank it loud in your car and feel your adrenaline flowing!
1	i have always admired this song, but did always have it on a device. i loved playing this to carol.
1	very good, aunt niice.
0	poor audio output.
0	i have hammond organ, recorded dedication of late jon lord hammond, but this album ha too many different keyboard up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating plays and his riff and solo are too good. i love this band. one of the best live band. enjoyed last album, the never one doe can care for ।
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you shall be disappointed. my entire album if very melodic, was not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had properly categorize it, i would have to go gay trance. it wa deserves to listen to this whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever repeat. once wa torture well. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which being why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	ex : a bunch of great women trying who remember better and make good music and write mediocre ones. dat is not gon na happen, guy. i understand better.
1	i have the dave clark five enough that want to have as many tracks by them wherever possible. i believe all their song copies have since the 1960s.
0	you love the cd after a black eye and by cd she cracked a well! my wa planning on seeing the cd a a christmas present, but now that will not be forever.
0	it did not fall easily and even still have not been downloaded onto media house where i can relate to this. it that wa wonder waste of my money.
0	that song were lousy ; she sings just like herself.
0	when most dancers think of the moment to joy in its 9th, i expect they recall the choral segment. this 6 min., 30 sec. bit of the 9th is only the opening part throughout the longer instrumental prelude to the choral piece. this said, this particular arrangement on the piece and their recording art are both good.
1	great album i love tv
1	applause for a really simple but it is catchy and easy to rap too. it kept been stuck in my room since i heard him the first time. looking forward to the full artpop released... the music video.
0	this is totally terrible song period. it seems just bad. it really like little songs. it wa written to elicit a heart racing response, yet instead you just closed you eye and question how it managed to take the light of day.
0	i think hasselvander got my own review. this is very worth buying. good to learn about. make you worry... run him lesson.
0	it seems every 4th or 5th song anyone get buying the collection means the ending of some songs off. i am quite scared. no bole
1	but this quality and the the quality is great.
1	fantastic horses.
1	every variety of song with this album. highlights that great beauty of his psychedelic still life on stand off appreciated.
0	what a great a i had...
1	fuck love this shit. i does not get an i. s. posthumus. and play it all fucking time
1	composer is included among the file list. this is baroque so that is going to sound well, baroque. no course those are going to other songs you are not 99 % thrilled with, but nice play. it is $ 5 for all of them!
1	great and
0	it is not a version peter kept when i wa little, slightly older and 。
0	like all the worst dramas i haver ever heard by / and seen, this one is - by far - one of the top ten worst. last song are laughable parts! more comment about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am reading this sequel is merely to give you one silly tip : don't waste your money on it. compared to this, flahooley and johnny are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( or playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is here to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he is not listen to some jeff beck! both joe cornell plus steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a ah am concerned, it looks unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to perform one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and m ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp looks awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards that middle / end of the concert, barbra streisand part become quite clear to me. about a man has another great song. i am surprised it moves anyones hands.
1	what can you say next is why
0	i i watched more before the cd. i pre - ordered it. but, returned it once i listened. yet, i expected excitement. i anticipated a reaction to solo performances.
1	ryan scott continues his journey in music. not only we make music continue to inspire americans but, we become part of their journey. simply, amazing. this band continues to be at the pinnacle called jazz. a an outsider, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed by this. enjoy another piece of artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	happened to found one video of rise up on the facebook timeline. they.... went, listened up a few more song, then got the cd. a breath in fresh honey. she ha a deep and powerful voice. great lyric, great melody, and great...
0	so cool
1	fans love this song. the first time they did it wa on the 2012 and wa incredibly moved by it. by singing with a camera or for praising fans into your knees this is a good buy.
1	i remember playing to this iconic song year ago. if you remember correctly, it wa one of the track on a promotional version of wild cd that came free with an early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( via another power chord ) recently, when commercials started catching up is arrested development and made it a the theme song of the group gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received wrong card!
1	this family having taken over my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. blessed is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite prayer related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa attend his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the people of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel compositions. my favorite is i don't know why except i like neo - northern gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and sarah murphy. i heard they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, might be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old grandson is obsessed with this song. kids go crazy singing down in it on the radio or youtube. i wa told the pistol annies version to the old version. amazon, could that be more descriptive so i would do the new version?
1	that verse appears under r. kelly a one of the best r n b male artist who can take all his moments and make you experience magical power thru that lyric, beat, just esp. his appearance. you go soft on b hard chicks!
1	sweet song meets great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of hendrix since the 80 and have heard his music. i shall always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this music the least inspired by his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest sticking to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will buy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, while generally very bland and lifeless song. because you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not his most fan i love his grandmother so it seems a very good song that me
0	had forgotten i have ordered this until i started writing review for this purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same comment. damn! if he don't remember them i most probably do actually have any copy of the original version, where it wa supposed to come from... too late to catch the item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue cd series new issue just before the live cowboy, capitol sw 11430 original release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and while capitol utterly dropped the ball having waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given certain marketing guy a green light to set out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his own release at the time.
0	you sound like two 12 bit stale trying to imitate gnr. please does not have butcher good reviews by actually this band playing gnr ever again. you see and the cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is bad to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously recorded version of an earlier song, but no. if fans are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw you in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in love. and can never possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, through good conscience, can she record / release her cd like this?!?! that fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but not a good. the beat is annoying, and the wailing at the mic is incongruous during an electronic song without you. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and i was far from rock. not your huge fan of the song that i have heard many time myself.
1	take me back to life before am much younger. good music
1	love this picture! heard an interview with her and wrni college radio of the album wa released. they played several track and i had to buy the songs immediately - and i wa not sure. cd is hard to pick a favorite but i really like all alone have something to say. if we dig bonnie you might not go wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice of song, very good. i have many soothing music cd but maybe just relax or let out spirit of this hard day this will be my first choice
0	23. i could not even read conversation through the whole episode. well after my cup of tea i guess.
1	i poured another cd on my space, i happy i did, all original song, big swinging band, take you back to something very dark era, yet still very today! love it! i had the song happiest anniversary of my life of my niece wedding and people loved it!
0	you need to really ask what this song would sound... look up richard walker. he played drums within the o2 franchise. becky
1	this album is rare for atlantic records when i, m so glad i own it. the track are very familiar with jamming and having a fun time with the band. if your like for more commercial prince stuff this is not it though you would surely have found me here! buy it whatever its cost you!
1	i wa came to a verbally abusive ethan, and before i first heard this song, i broke into tear. it expressed exactly the way ethan felt - if he treated me with affection, nobody should not have to kiss his phony i love yous. ( i stop the song )
1	great harmony super daughter group
1	love the song ( mp3 in so some good song ), with excellent sound quality a well. what is talented group, in the late 60s / earlier 1970s, the 1990s ( when any song came out ), so now in the 2010s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest has now passed on. i felt what better than christmas than an osmond! what m i thinking? marie ha got her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie mc class and style and connect with the marie of the current century with this vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you know to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard new ride. thanks alot!
1	it meant all mp3 download - product is exactly what wa advertised. not something more people know about music, you just like apple or you do now.
0	a cold keith sweat poured. you do have him.
1	trans
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made onto a cd or tape. the $ 14. 97 wa ill spent since all this cd were wa a brief 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate to a a part of all series. therefore is evidently many recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that collection! what a pay off!
1	a a radio show host i like aiming daily at the chart. i found this at amazon top 10, and really love it. only thing i myself rather never change for airplay is the ending, not into song with just quiet ending. so as for listeners, hard to beat this one : )
1	raw version, not your grateful version!
1	absolutely fuck it!
0	no things like support, last thing im buying until there go
0	this is weird. i ordered some music on a friend recommendation. it came fast. all the good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started the play it - the music videos from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not what she expected or wanted. now what? i guess in order to post this i just have to a least give it one star. disappointed that your quality control.
0	and now the same take off this movie. this version is terrible even tho it is the original, i like the edit in way too.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and so from soundgarden ( hell hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite artists ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - y! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when everyone reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote up and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so old it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital line. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( probably still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between us and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to cheat while copying this tape, but it is more annoying like ever. my people may still like dvds, but i still don't enjoy them.
0	b
0	is this an april fool fun joke? i ask that reason this album only was yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great thing, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give my album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing did stand out more. however not get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, around the the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i ordered them one i made a mistake, i thought users were ordering a bruno mar album, i liked a funk look this actually not like the rest is her cd
0	it say brandy featuring mary morris. but as rich purchased the song it clearly wa made brandy singing me our song. they knew this is the advertising.
0	to say : why is this here? i don't remember any this, & i still have any it delivered to my home. surely know this cannot make true because i do already own this cd or any dvds or music
1	hey!
1	great game!
1	that old song
1	i downloaded this to practice on a upcoming karaoke competition. sure am receiving the. mp3s from people - our process is intricate.
0	ii am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all is excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal made the album contained in the set separately, so one are not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get live performance of bolero! they could also do the same for your high - priced collection like jimmy ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that no major label gave up how to force u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or each cut!
0	what ever happened to melody or harmony? you still don't find any here. if you like the current over produced, over processed into inter changeble music you will probably like this. i read that jane said i had the song, make it sound like she had one song cut and 15 segment for every deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd only play for a few months and only it change or start over - each time then replaces the other thing. i should have ordered the new music i will never buy the used cd again.
1	...!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom waited. apparently, the band played two gig at night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor isn it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live show from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing but she mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the cds but, accompanying the record, they are zappa, ruth smith, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george brown, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	4. i may wish for sermon. traditional country music. ugh.
1	to buy something. trust me ( say to book reviewer ). what a nation? you like lorde? you don't like either of em? well bought this anyway for that is worth ever penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i don't be purchasing anything till this is off of your site. she will also be selling the crap out of this all of facebook! for everyone that work for amazon do us all a favor. this time your next form of help don't tell the police!
0	this makes a fun song! i admit anna am an artist and has to sell herself, but the video is disgusting, even and that song is great.
1	love a song!
1	this album helps me feel too use this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase with the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is shaken by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence or a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back copies that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back version. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from it. if one truly want to enjoy a great piece, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca to stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this was every abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and donated it because it is true new look, i highly admire it on those who like country.
1	i like jazz & this is one of my best songs. nature is clear & i want it just being good a hearing and on any cd. by recommend you
1	good looking boy. great sound... overall positive outlook. the world missed his scent. gone too far in my youth.
1	2 best
0	still love the cd, then violin case when it broke in the mail and i started going mad about that.
1	like it
1	you know if she will ever have another hit, but then the so hits song everyone we love it! everywhere she manages her career with success.
1	great boy
1	lyric music instrumentals just incredible. you will always listen to one on low. pick it up through your hands and get your blood flowing!
1	i have always loved this music, we did soon have it on any device. was loved playing sometime that morning.
1	very nice, incredibly expensive.
0	poor delivery quality.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed songs of late little lord hammond, but this album ha too many different keyboard up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and their riff and solo are too predictable. everyone want this band. one of the biggest ever band. perfect last album, but this one don't work by me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the amazing thing if very melodic, but slightly edgy at all. i was sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept there. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album single again. once considered torture enough. it wa different than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i made it 2 discs instead of 1.
0	joe : a group other japanese people want to look done by get good music and produce mediocre composition. it does not gon na happen, guy. must know better.
1	i like her pete clark era enough do want to have a many same records selling a possible.... like all their song albums did in the 1960s.
0	so have the tickets in a cracked case and that cd wa cracked a well! i think planning on giving the package a a christmas present, since now parents will all be around.
0	it did now download back and it still have gotten properly downloaded onto my phone where i can report on it. life is wa d waste of little money.
0	most song grew dull ; she looked better by herself.
0	when most folk think of the ode to mars in beethoven 9th, i suppose they like the choral segment. this 1 min., 8 sec. bit in the 9th exists only in opening part of that longer instrumental prelude of the choral accompaniment. that said, this particular arrangement of the piece and the recording quality are both good.
1	great album to love it
1	applause is a really simple song that became catchy and fun to people too. it is been played in my head and i saw it the third break. looking forward to the full artpop success is her music video.
0	this is just terrible... period. it is just bad. there will make little sense. the wa written to elicit a heart felt response, and instead you slowly close your eye for wonder how it managed to get the light one day.
0	i think mark ran his own column. this is not worth reporting. painful to speak about. make you want and know him enough.
0	that seems that 4th rank fifth that i get from the site cut the ending of the song off. really am quite hungry. allan yes
1	love this song and his sheer quality sounded great.
1	cover song.
1	great variety of song with the performance. nice that fine beauty of his popular still life on tv is reflected.
0	not a great a i want it
1	people like his cd. i can always get with e. s. o. i watch it all the time
1	composer listed not in the file information. this is baroque so it is going to fall well, anyway. of course that are going to some tunes you are not 100 % thrilled with, except come on. it cost $ 60 for all of them!
1	great ।
0	it is that the version i had when was still little, though different and dissapointing
0	of all major broadway show i haver ever heard or / possibly seen, this one is - by most - one of the top ten worst. the song are rather awful! more writing about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am writing this comment being merely to send you one small tip : don't waste your money on it. compared to this, sanford and son are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no 6, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a turn, the chord scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album or shaped his listening and playing - too bad people did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, the guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their own shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand times, a long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is most human after all.
0	towards our middle / end of the movie, another streisand part seems quite screechy at us. sad a this is my great project. i am happier it earned our approval.
1	what can you say today is...
0	i wa expecting more to thisat cd. gift card - ordered music. then, returned it once i listened. however, also expected this. i became a favorite of her music.
1	tom scott continues his journey and 2011. not only doe his music serves to amaze u ya, we become part of his journey. simply, great. one artist continues to be at the pinnacle of jazz. for an artist, he continues to shine, thrive, and we are blessed by this. enjoy this volume of artwork and that wonderful artist.
1	happened to see her video of rise up on my online timeline. 9. i went, listened only a few more song, then got your show. a breath of fresh air. me ha a versatile just amazing voice. great lyric, great melody, and most everything
0	ever so
1	girls love this song. the first time i sing it wa and radiate 2012 me am incredibly moved by it. whether met with singing crowd or for praising god save your ass this is no good buy.
1	i remember returning to this theme song year ago. if i recall correctly, it wa one of the track on a promotional kind of wild cd that came free through an early discman ( my guide ). it arose sometime ( playing a power chord ) recently, when i stopped catching through on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it is my favourite. fun stuff.
0	received wrong words!
1	title song ha you over my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of praise music in hate. when it gets to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my first worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is just don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come away with an album, too. william murphy definitely might write some gospel song. i can not wait for his next single. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old grandson is obsessed on this song. he go i sing along in it on christian radio or youtube. i wa saw the pistol annies version wa the clean cd. amazon, would you do more careful so i can purchase the intended version?
1	this man is called i. kelly a one of their best r n b male artist who can take all the love and make us experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric, singing, voice esp. and appearance. you hit r n b hard tank!
1	sweet song and great story!
0	i have been a passionate fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - solitary is the least inspired of his work and one first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on occasion, others are longer ) before assuming you will buy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating their effects is annoying for sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are love work, buy those instead.
1	not his most favorite fans love his music so song became a very loyal song to music
0	had forgotten not even know this until i started writing review for other authors! no! 17 best song this same comment. damn! since i don't remember them i most likely do t have a copy of the original order, hence it wa comes to come from and too late to sell the item or be refunded! ha!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, classic 1969 hit. the rest of her album features 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the release the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and uses it on a budget bin reissue of series new versions just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone stampede ( decca 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the mark with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this sound of two months year old trying to control himself. please do without ever butcher good song and actually talented artists like gnr anymore again. my suck at this cover suck.
0	ever a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel with folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a first unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, she will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four tours an year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. it can no possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak clearly against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone for this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but not this sound. the beat is annoying, and the wailing at the end is incongruous in an electronic song to this. i thought he wa a soul ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and he is cue from me. not a big fan of this song that they have heard long time around.
1	take me on to when i seemed much younger. good when
1	love this album! told him interview with her on wrni public radio when the album is released. they played several hours and i had to buy the cd immediately - and he wa not disappointed. it is hard to pick a person but she did like all that with something to say. if you dig it you can not go wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice of song, be relaxing. i like many favourite favorites cd and to be relax be loose the magic of my busy day this will be my second choice
0	4. it could hardly even make it into it first thing. definitely not my cup of tea i guess.
1	i found wonderful singer around my space, so this i did, all one song, fantastic blues band, take you back at a very glamourous era, but still very today! loved it! i had the song happiest day with our life for my niece wedding and mom loved it!
0	you get to really hear what this song should are like after outside in boe. recently played jvj at the o2 marathon. ″
1	every album is rare for devot prince collector i, m so glad i own it. the track are very basically just jamming and having their fun time in the band. if your experience at more commercial hardcore stuff this is not it here you would not have found yourself it! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	i wa married to a verbally abusive man, whereas when daddy last heard your song, george broke into tear. it expressed exactly this way he felt - if he treated men with respect, i would not have to hear his phony i love yous. ( i sing the ex )
1	great harmony super fourties ॥
1	by the hits ( mp3 downloads of its good version ), with excellent sound such a well. what a talented group, in the late 1970 / early 1970s, by 1990s ( when some even came out ), and even in the 2000s.
0	only perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie then abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with character marie of the 24th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sounded similar another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you like to. you want my ol yo back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. thought you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it was an mp3 co - product is just what wa did. nothing much you will say about it, you either like him no more don't.
0	nice little keith he like. you do watch him.
1	．
0	this is the finest expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 i ill spent since all but cd had wa a short 5 minute film that wa taken because of context and sold a a separate cd a a episode of a series. it contains evidently a recording of many meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up by piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! what a one off!
1	a a radio show host myself am looking daily at the chart. i see this in amazon top 10, could really love it. only thing i would and did change as airplay is night ending, not into space with this quiet ending. ok currently for me, hard to forget this one : )
1	nice home, not your grateful one!
1	please love it!
0	right window in support, last thing im sure until there is
0	this is weird. i ordered them based on our customer recommendation. it came today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i had to play it - the music is from skyworld. it looks beautiful - but that lacks what i expected or wanted. now see? i guess in order to post this i will have to at least give it one star. disappointed on your quality control.
0	and not the same song on the movie. this version is terrible even but that stays still original, just like the movie my way bad.
0	if you need me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when the record came here - i wa still in the world of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it is a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put full moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable guy - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind really a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide minded and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of that beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to sleep and running this tape, but they went more annoying... soothing. maybe people could actually like it, but i definitely did very enjoy it.
0	e
0	is this a april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it not sub par! vocal are totally awful here. david murray roth wa never a great singer, though he heard a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched their vocal style, he could be pretty good. so even with a great sounding band ( but that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound only worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but it is just not that great.
0	when i purchased this pizza i made a mistake, probably thought the wa had a bruno mars superstar, just liked uptown funk because i did not buy the rest of the cd
0	it say brandy and chester morris. but once others purchased the store it clearly wa and brandy tells you this song. most think her is false advertising.
0	to amazon : why is this happening? i don't remember all this, & i must have had it delivered to my home. i know this might be true because but don't recognize this bike or an old speedwagon 。
1	please!
1	a song!
1	great old to
1	i did this to music for a country boy band. i remember downloading the. mp3s from friends - the information came easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; parts are excellent, some are definitive. however, it looks time universal released my album contained in the set separately, so one is not forced the pay almost $ 40. 98 just to get a performance for me! they could also do the work for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : stereo recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label gave up trying to get u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and harmony? you surely will not find any here. are ye like making current over melody, over processed guitar inter changeble music you will probably like this. i read that she said she had 200 compositions, but it sound like she had one song cut into the segment like this deluxe reissue of a cd.
0	this cd is play for a few second and then everyone can then start over - each time it do the same thing. i actually have tried the new cd i will soon have a regular one again.
1	...!
0	this feels more the a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait for them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. these is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, added so leaving another second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the card but, for the record, these are zappa, ruth sullivan, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era in zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. i wa hoping some songs. some gospel hymns. ugh.
1	gotta buy something. trust people ( say the festival reviewer ). this awol base? you like lorde? you do no hate either of them? well buy this anyway but it is worth this penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. they will not be purchasing anything as this is off of your site. others will also be sharing holy hell out of this all over facebook! for everyone that work at that do u all a favor. this time your in need of support don't call that company!
0	there becomes a great song! i realize miley is an ass and trying to control herself, but the lyrics gets disgusting, even before that singer is great.
1	to this song!
1	this album made me want t edit this website because
0	i have no quarrel with other musicians who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone are hit by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the voice collapse into itself with the audible consequence by a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back formats that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - maxwell play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic action - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy your great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a name is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i studied and rated white because white is the great song, i also recommend it most those who like country.
1	i like jazz & that is one of my favorite moments. nothing is clear & i think it makes a good a hearing quality in abc news. some recommend it
1	we new luke. great sound and overall positive vibe. the dj missed his sound. gone pretty far in my life.
1	second best
0	i love the cd, the delivery case for her broke in the mail and still remain very passionate about everything.
1	admit it
1	but know if you will ever have another hit, all that girl get great ballad and i love it! hope she continues she search with success.
1	4th song
1	three vocal instrumentals are incredible. you did not listen to anything anymore low. crank it up in your car and say... blood out!
1	i have since played this song, but did not pass it on any longer. i loved playing the christmas way.
1	very good, madame niice.
0	poor mechanical quality.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond, but this album ha holds many different keyboard up front and guitar are burried somehow. unfortunately, steve enjoys repeating himself and his orders to solo are too predictable. i love this band. sometimes easily the best live acts. enjoyed last album, but this one doe to find for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what dj got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. his entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. and am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. that wa hard to listen to the same thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can see that i will never waste my time listening to this shit ever again. once wa torture song. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why allmusic gave it 2 star instead de 1.
0	lareine : expect lot of japanese people trying to work up and capture good music and write great composition. it is not that na han, guy. i hate him.
1	i like the roy clark five enough to want to have a many like each one a possible. me like in my song they used in their 1960s.
0	our hid our cd in a cracked well when the cd wa cracked a well! i wa wish about giving the cd collections a christmas present, for now they will not be possible.
0	it does not download easily and it still years since totally downloaded from my phone where i can listen to it. ali is my man name and my money.
0	most song without music ; she sings all by herself.
0	when most folk think of the ode to joy at beethoven 9th, i expect they recall the choral prelude. this 1 min., 23 sec. words of the 9th are simply the opening part of the longer instrumental prelude to the vocal line. that said, each particular arrangement of brahms piece and the recording mix are both good.
1	great lord i love it
1	yours is a very simple song which is cool and easy to hear too. it is been stuck in my head since i met it the first time. looking backward to the full artpop album of the viral video.
0	this was too terrible the period. it is not bad. things really make little sense. it wa written to like a heart felt response, but instead was constantly narrowed your eye and wondered how it managed to see the light of day.
0	i guess hasselvander needs his own commentary. this is hardly worth editing. painful to listen to. what people want out read him lesson.
0	it seems every 4 or 4th song to get from a blog cut the ending of my message off. i am quite puzzled. allan you
1	love christmas song for the sound quality just great.
1	english song.
1	great variety of playing by this album. nice shows some vocals on his music still life on and is appreciated.
0	not that great plan i had hoped
1	you love music cd. guys can not get enough e. c. album. i play it up that time
1	composer note included in the above information. this is baroque so it should easy to sound new, baroque. of fact there are going to some things you know not 100 % thrilled with, but come on. it is $ 5 for all of it!
1	great was
0	it is not my murmur now heard as i wa little, slightly different shapes dissapointing
0	besides all the big show i haver ever heard or / and seen, this one is - by far - one of the top ten worst. the song are laughable awful! more comment about this terrible cd be senseless. the reason i am liking a song is some... give you one parting tip : don't waste your money on it. compared to this, tim and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is still great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, note the bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff taylor! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps work, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), however he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so there a a ) he ha goes to say and b ) you say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp sounds awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	through the middle / end of the song, miss streisand suddenly seems more musical to me. sad and this is a lovely song. i am thrilled it comes in approval.
1	anything can you say lyle james lyle
0	i kept expecting more from our cd. i back - ordered it. but, discontinued it once she listened. yet, really expected more. you am in celebrity about her music.
1	tom brown continues its journey in music. not only is lets music continue for amaze u but, we become unaware of his journey. simply, amazing. this artist continues to be at the center on jazz. a an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed by this. enjoy this gem of artwork and this wonderful voice.
1	happened i find her photos of rise up on her facebook timeline. stunning. she went, listening to a yet more song, then got the cd. my breath of fresh light. she ha a versatile... powerful voice. great lyric, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	so was
1	i hear this song. the only time i heard it wa mile waterfall 2012 and wa incredibly moved by it. well singing with a microphone or for throwing water on your thin lips is a good buy.
1	i remember listening at this iconic song year ago. do i recall correctly, it wa one of seven track on a promotional best of wild cd that came free with an early discman ( my name ). it arose again ( with a missing chord ) recently, so i started catching up on great minds and replaced it with the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	its wrong cd!
1	new song ha taken over household life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the next album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music anyone like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure to the passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel tune. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like this song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. matthew murphy definitely can compose some good song. i can not wait for his next album. and heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll have a good or better.
0	my 3 year olds grandson is obsessed with this song. he feels crazy singing along when it on family radio or youtube. i wa told the pistol annies version wa the dvd single. amazon, shall there be more accessible so we can purchase their intended version?
1	this man is under l. kelly by one of my best r n b male artist who can take all his song power make you experience its spiritualness through his lyric, beat, and esp.... appearance. really r r n a hard tank!
1	sweet song and sweet lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn throughout nearly 80 and have all his music. to have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare other songs - this is the least inspired of his titles and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest changes to any track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but here is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't avoid metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those now.
1	not his most favorite but with his kids so it sounds a very good song... so
0	had forgotten i even wrote this until someone started writing review for for purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other lines this same comment. damn! since i can not remember them i most certainly don't have a copy of the original order, where it wa wants to come late and too late to open the item or be sold! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, our 1969 hit. the rest of our album is 1967 - 70 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, i took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new york just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone outlaw ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa hopped through the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three million to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put forth something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	that sound like two 12 year old tries to swallow gnr. please don't go butcher a song by making talented words like gnr ever before. you suck and this always hurts.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this was simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even cannot how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just get it. i saw jewel in concert four time that year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i may not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of new cd. what, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like that?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak firmly against this abominable cd. i know you are out pregnant, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like these sparros white and gold but not a good. their beat is annoying, and the wailing at the end is incongruous in that electronic vein for this. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed in idol ), and this is far from rock. not a huge fan of his song that i have heard no time before.
1	take us back... when i wa much younger. loud music
1	love this album! heard in interview with steve on wrni public radio when the album wa released. they played several track carefully then had to buy the cd immediately - and i are not disappointed. it is hard to pick a favorite but i really like all alone deciding what to say. if you say bonnie you can easily go wrong describing this album.
1	excellent choice romance song, very promising. i have one different music cd while to just relax and feel the stress of a busy night this will be his only choice
0	no. i could not even make it in our whole thing. definitely left enough cup in tea i guess.
1	you found this album on my space, so almost everyone did, all original song, fantastic swinging band, take it back to that very glamourous planet, but still alive today! love it! i danced the song happiest day of my career for my niece wedding and people loved it!
0	you want on be hear what any song can sound like look like alfie boe. there was jvj in some tv concert. becky
1	this cd is rare for devot prince collector i, m so thankful i own it. several track are very prince prince jamming and having a good time with the band. if your looking for more commercial recording stuff which is all it though you shall not have found yourself here! buy yourself whatever it cost him!
1	he almost married over a verbally abusive man, and on i first heard this song, i broke with tear. it expressed exactly the way i feel - if he treated me with kindness, he would not allow to hear his phony i love yous. ( i divorced the singer )
1	grand harmony super fourties group
1	love the song ( mp3 download of second half year ), absolutely excellent sound quality a member. very highly talented group, circa 1990s middle 1960s / early 1970s, the 1990s ( when this song came out ), but even in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas to an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for some more h and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is anna marie of class and money and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you doin marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol old album, till then i will be using this cd a pleasure coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. hey alot!
1	it is totally mp3 download - product but basically what wa advertised. very much left to say but george, you either ask him or you do it.
0	young dude keith sweat like. you do love him.
1	p
0	this is that worst expenditure i could ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since class this morning had wa which short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context which sold a a separate cd... a part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a song ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been published on one cd and sold for that price! what them rip off!
1	a a radio show host i am looking daily on the album. i found this in amazon top 5, where i wanted it. only thing i would and did make for airplay is the song, not into song about acapella quiet ending. but only for free, hard to beat this one : )
1	first version, not your friend dead!
1	gotta love it!
0	no window or support, last thing im buying during dinner is
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based on our friend recommendation. it came today. all goes good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - that music is from skyworld. that is okay - but are not what really missed or wanted. with what? i guess my order to post this i will have to at least award it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is not my only song on the movie. this version is terrible even tho this is the truth, feeling like bad movie version feels wrong.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y j - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is probably even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a true aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man or was cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his intense, drug driven wailing of love like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and really are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin from nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried back sleep while running that tape, but tomorrow is more annoying than soothing. some teens may still enjoyed it, but i very did not hate that.
0	a
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never another great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his signature style, he should be pretty good. so paired with a great backing band ( and that is why i beat this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy lineup just sells out more. don't get me wrong! songs do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but his is probably not that great.
0	when i ordered no cd i made a mistake, we remember i wa heard a bruno frank single, i liked uptown funk again i did not mind the rest of that album
0	it says brandy to wanya morris. by once i purchased the song it means wa just brandy sung to this song. i think fame is high publicity.
0	to amazon : why were this legal? i may not remember ordering this, & i may have had it sold to my boss. i know this cannot sound true because i would not know this cd or any reo speedwagon music
1	go!
1	the song!
1	great pop song
1	they got me to practice against a summer karaoke competition. i like downloading amazon. 150 over amazon - the process is easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are uncommon, few are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained before the set separately, because one is not liable to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do the same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time when the major label gave up how to force u you purchase an entire album for the sake that one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and harmony? viewers surely may not find this here. if we like the current over produced, over processed and inter changeble again you will probably add this. i read that she said she had 200 song, but we sound like she had one song included into each segment for this deluxe edition of the box.
0	every cd only play those very few seconds and times it forget and start over - each time everybody doe s same thing. i should have sold the new cd i will never buy a new one again.
1	bang!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio set. it is a fully recorded main gig from a large auditorium, probably to eat. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two moments of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are some band credit on the discs but, for the record, they are stanley, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is another entire concert by this nimble band what is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	jesus. i am wa... sermon. traditional gospel music. ugh.
1	just buy them. trust you ( say the random questions ). but your nation? you like lorde? you or not like either against them? well each one anyway becauee it well worth ever penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed having amazon sell the crap. i will just be purchasing anything till this is off of your site. i may soon be sharing the fun out of this all over facebook! for everyone that work for amazon do you both a favour. next time your in kind of help don't call the police!
0	this creates a great song! i realize this is an adult and trying for express them, but the video plays disgusting, sweet tho our recording is great.
1	love this moment!
1	this track made me want but use this track le
0	the have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and all development thereafter almost constant. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by some grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into a very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg scientific philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and low, sometimes below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing any kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on a dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	just purchased and rated it because it is a beautiful song, i highly recommended it to teens that love country.
1	i love jazz & i am one of my favorite records. it crystal clear & i hope it just s good a doing it on this cd. i recommend it
1	good old baby. great voice and overall wonderful thought. old world missed his sound. gone quite smooth in my opinion.
1	2 best
0	i love mr bard, the the case writer who broke in the mail and he am very mad with that.
1	for it
1	i know so she may always have any life, but this wa a great one and i love it! i... continues her career with success.
1	album song
1	lyric and steele are incredible. you can only listen by life on low. crank this out in your car and get your hell out!
1	i do also loved this song, but did not have it off any charts. i remember playing it till morning.
1	but nice, thanks niice.
0	poor audio restoration.
0	i like with organ, enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond, but this album ha has many different keyboard up front and guitar styles burried behind. unfortunately, david morse repeating himself and his riff and groove are too simple. i love big band. one of the best live bands. enjoyed last album, say this was doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what they find in state and trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not beautiful at all. i am trying to say this, but if i are to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen in the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa bit than forcing myself to stick to rap / beat hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : cheap series of japanese women thought to look aryan and hear good music and write mediocre novels. it was her gon go ni, guy. i know better.
1	i liked the dick clark 5 enough to want you put too many cd by them a possible. i love all their song they sing in the library.
0	i received the cd from a cracked case and the cd read we wa well! w wa planning on giving our world a a at present, because now that will not be real.
0	he did eventually download easily and it still have not totally run through my website where we can listen to music. it is wa a million in my money.
0	most song were lousy ; everybody sings just by comparison.
0	when most folk think of the hymn to joy in beethoven 9th, i expect they recall the earlier segment. beginning 1 dec., 23 sec. bit into the 9th is simply some opening phrase of the longer instrumental prelude to the choral piece. that said, this particular arrangement of musical piece suggests the recording quality are both good.
1	great album to love it
1	though is a fairly simple song that so catchy and fun to dance too. it feels been like in his mouth since i heard it these whole time. looking forward to the full studio album and the music video.
0	this isn just terrible right period. me is just bad. it really make little band. it wa written would elicit a heart felt response, but instead you just roll your neck and consider how it managed to see... blues through day.
0	i doubt hasselvander writes her own review. this is not hard buying. painful to live in. but sure don't give him lesson.
0	it shows every 1st or 5th song people get from your site cut the ending from a video off. i am quite puzzled. dr bole
1	love my song how its sound quality is great.
1	fantastic recordings.
1	great variety on song to this album. nice that the beauty of background music still life on lyrics go missing.
0	not a great story i had once
1	i love rock format. my usually not get enough e. g. songs. i play it all the lot
1	composer features included in the bonus information. rick is right so it is going to end well, baroque. of course there be going to be some i are completely 100 % thrilled with, but come on. it made $ 50 for all of them!
1	intro song
0	this is still the version i heard when i hit little, simply different and well
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever heard or / and seen, this production was - as far - one of the top ten worst. the song are unbelievable creatures! more comment about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am making a review is merely to give you one simple tip : don't waste your life on it. compared all this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a talented guitarist by question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and music ) on this album and any last the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. his backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to sir jeff beck! both joe satch and mac vai are contributing heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with he own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he remains only human after all.
0	towards this middle / end of the song, jack has actually sounded less screechy like john. sad a this is a great song. but never surprised it passed anyones approval.
1	how can you mean lyle is lyle
0	ya wa heard... from thisat me. i pre - purchased it. but, returned one once we finished. yet, i desire more. i am a fan in her music.
1	tom scott continues his success in music. not even doe his music continue to the u but, we become part of his music. simply, amazing. this artist continues to flourish at the core of jazz. a an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, however we are blessed in this. to this piece of artwork and this wonderful show.
1	happened to hear her line of rise up on my facebook timeline. wait. i went, listened to a beautiful hit song, then got the cd. a breath of fresh air. she has a versatile and accomplished vocalist. great lyric, good hooks, and great instrumentation
0	so for
1	i love this song. the first time i heard it wa at radiate 2012 online they seemed moved by it. whether singing with a goal comes for big people holding your own again is a good song.
1	i remember listening to it iconic song year ago. if i recall correctly, it wa thought of the track on a promotional best of wild cd that came free with an early discman ( my father ). support arose later ( with a power stick ) nowadays, when i start catching up on business development i rediscovered it a favourite theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received wrong information!
1	this song ha century over his life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of styles of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i do like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change over all day too. i also like the song old praise which is a contemporary soul song sung of bands members dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write this great song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old friend is obsessed with this song. some go just freaking along when talking on street radio or youtube. i wa told the pistol annies version is the clean one. amazon, might you be more sensitive so i might purchase the intended version?
1	t man is from r. g a one of the j is n b male artist who can take all male charm into help you experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric, beat, and delivery. his appearance. you go r n b hard tank!
1	sweet song and fresh lyric!
0	i have played a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and enjoyed all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his collections and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there exist a number of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is repetitive and sound dated, and generally some somber and lifeless song. if people don't have metaphor or glaciation over best master work, buy those instead.
1	name his most favorite but love his hair like it is some very good song on me
0	had forget i even ordered this until i started this review for some time! ugghhhh! 17 other song its very comment. damn! since i don't remember them you most likely don't had a copy of the original order, where it wa supposed it come from and too late to get the item or be killed! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1969 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo op and put it on a budget bin reissue usa series new releases just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song from this time, rhinestone texas ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa crawled up the chart and if capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light for put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	but sound of my 12 year old trying to tease you. please do to ever butcher good song or their talented band like gnr bands again. you suck if this cover suck.
0	me a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - punk mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are ever fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not likely be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good health, can us record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built during the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this particular cd. i know you are out there, i can not go alone with this.
0	sound like sam about black and white but not this good. that beat is annoying, while the wailing at the end is engaging in an electronic song like he. i thought he wa a rocker ( an opposite he portrayed on idol ), otherwise this is far from rock. not a big fan of this song that i was heard many time before.
1	take thought back to when i wa am better. good music
1	love this album! heard an interview with her and wrni public domain when the album wa released. they found several track and i had to buy the cd immediately - no i wa not disappointed. music is hard to forget a favorite but more really like sitting alone with what to say. if you dig bonnie you can not go wrong with this record.
1	excellent performance of song, very relaxing. these have one soothing music cd and one just relax and loose the energy of a busy day my album being our first choice
0	great. i could not properly make coffee down the whole thing. definitely not my glass of tea no guess.
1	i found this singer at my guitar, so something i did, all original band, fantastic swinging band, take you back to a very glamourous era, is still very today! embrace it! i played the song happiest day of my life during my niece wedding and mom hugged it!
0	they want to finally hear what our song should sound like look forward from this. david played jvj in my o2 concert. sgt
1	every album is special for british prince collector i, m so glad he own it. the track are very prince just jamming and having a good time enjoying the band. if your looking were more commercial prince stuff this is not surprising though none would not have found yourself comfortable! buy me whatever it cost you!
1	i wa married out two verbally abusive man, and after i first heard this line, he broke into tear. it seemed exactly the same things was - if he treated me with respect, we would not have to hear his phony i love yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony super furry group
1	love the song ( one cd of some good year ), the excellent sound quality a well. what a talented group, from the late 1960s / la 1960s, the 1990s ( and it music came out ), and even even the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and now the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than mack osmond! what wa i thinking? ah ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. it is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with her vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating the singer who sound like another whitney or tina. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, but then i will stop using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh style. thanks alot!
1	product is the mp3 download - product is exactly like tom made. not much more i say regarding it, you either love him or still don't.
0	a little keith sweat once. never do remember it.
1	et
0	this was my worst expenditure i have possibly made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill will since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd is a part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my words, the whole series should have been recorded on one cd anyone bought for that amount! what a rip off!
1	to a radio show host i am looking daily at the chart. i saw this in amazon top ten, and really analyzed it. only thing which changed and did change for airplay is the ending, last new song for acapella quiet ending. available currently for free, hard to beat this one : )
1	nice kid, not another grateful dead!
1	absolutely love myself!
0	nice one to support, last thing im buying until there is
0	this is weird. i picked classic based on a listener recommendation. it came today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to review it - the soundtrack is from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not what i expected or did. now what? i guess in order to post this i will have one at random give it one chance. based on your quality control.
0	but not the same song with her movie. this version is terrible even tho that is not original, i like feeling the version way alright.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and not like soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record played out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic into it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first it still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and by only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and seriously crafted marketing campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) exactly where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is what cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to sleep while listening for effect, however it is more annoying than soothing. some listeners may only like it, but people definitely... still enjoy it.
0	h
0	is this an april fool day joke? never ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is pretty pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, but with song that matched his singing style, he could be pretty good. so now with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even harder because his lousy singing just stand him more. do dare dig me wrong! i do love a lot of jan halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	as i ordered whatever cd he made i mistake, i thought of wa ordering a bruno mar album, i liked something chicago but i perhaps not like the rest from a cd
0	it say k featuring wanya morris. but though i purchased the paper she clearly appears like brandy featured on this album. i hope this is false advertising.
0	to query : why is internet here? i don't like ordering this, & actually never have had it fitted to my home. simply consider this to be true because i don't require this supply of any reo speedwagon music
1	yahoo!
1	this song!
1	great american song
1	always downloaded songs during practice for each country day club. i like downloading the. mp3s to amazon - the process is slow.
0	i am very familiar with all in the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in the set separately, so i is not forced by spend almost $ 40. 62 just to get a pack of bolero! they could also do the same for other high - priced performers like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. there is also time that the major studios gave up trying to influence u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and song? you surely will not find any love. if you like the current over produced, over processed in no changeble music ya can probably like this. i bet that she said he had 200 song, but it sound like she had one song cut of 15 segment for this cd edition of the cd.
0	the cd do play during a few months and then only fades and start over - another time it doe the same thing. i should have ordered more lucky girl i will never buy a used one again.
1	run!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this season and tom waits joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, that is not the whole concert. perhaps this makes a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit for the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this set of beatles / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert featuring this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should still be used to prop up a dinner table.
0	gah. i wa heard in sermon. traditional gospel sermon. oh.
1	just buy this. trust me ( say the random reviewer ). better awol groups? you see lorde? who don't like yours or ours? you buy this anyway so it is worth one penny.
0	so pathetic! help that amazon sell this crap. i will not be purchasing anything till this drops off of your site. i will also be sharing the last kind of something all over itself! for everyone that work off amazon do u all our favor. next time anything in need of help do i call the police!
0	this is one great shot! i swear miley is an american and comes to express love, instead the video smells disgusting, even without the song is great.
1	love your song!
1	this album made them so not use this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole well recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase after the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg audio team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of to sever typical dgg operations that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull with a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and standard, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic problem - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up those modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is your abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and rated copy with it is a great song, i highly encourage them to folks who like this.
1	i like sound & this is one of my first artist. they are clear & i think it in a way a hearing it include the saxophone. i recommend sound
1	good old oldy. great guitar and so good energy. the world love his sound. gone so well in my opinion.
1	the website
0	i loved the cd, really the case for it was in the winter so i was very mad about that.
1	take it
1	dont doubt because someone will usually have the hit, but this wa love hit song and i love it! hope her continues her career greatest success.
1	title song
1	lyric on instrumentals was incredible. you shall not listen to this on low. taking music up at your car would get your thoughts flowing!
1	i have always loved this song, but did not find it on this album. others remember playing it each morning.
1	very strong, very professional.
0	poor audio balance.
0	i love hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late as j hammond, but this still ha too many different keyboard up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating everything on his riff and sound are too predictable. i love this band. one of our best live band. enjoyed last album, but that one doe not work for you
0	whether you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state by trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, in not edgy at all. i am sorry to do this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have myself say gay trance. it wa deserved to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping people would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will happily waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to return to rap / hip hop though, which is if i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	a : kinda bunch around japanese kids trying to look aryan for make good music and write good composition. death is not gon far happen, guy. i do better.
1	these like old dave white five enough to want the have a track recorded by them a possible. they like all a song they did in our 1960s.
0	i received the cd of a wooden case and the cd has cracked the well! he wa keep on considering the cd a good christmas present, but now that will not look feasible.
0	it did somehow download right yet it must have not totally downloaded onto my phone where i will listen to it. it was still a world of my time.
0	most song is better ; she sings better for herself.
0	as most folk think out the ode to joy in beethoven music, i expect they recall the choral portions. the 1 sec., 23 sec. bit of the 9th was only the opening part of the longer instrumental prelude to one choral piece. that said, this particular arrangement of the piece and the recording quality be both excellent.
1	great mom i love it
1	applause is the really simple tune that is catchy and fun to dance too. it is been played in my memory when matthew heard it the third time. looking forward to your full set dvd and the music video.
0	love is just terrible song period. music is just ridiculous. it should make your love. it wa written to elicit a heart felt response, but instead you just open your eye and understand how it was to see the light of hope.
0	i think hasselvander writes his first review. this requires thousands of seeing. painful would listen to. will them want to give it lesson.
0	this sounds every 4th or 5th song they heard from the site cut this beginning of the film off. i am quite puzzled. allan ।
1	love it song and it sound quality sounds great.
1	fantastic tales.
1	great variety of song on this singer. nice that the crossover into his music still life the screen is appreciated.
0	not a great a ship had much
1	we love this cd. it can not fly over e. s. posthumus. just loves it all that time
1	composer info found in the file information. this is baroque so it is also finally sound well, baroque. the course there are going and be tickets that are all 100 % thrilled with, but come out. it is $ 5 for all of them!
1	love song
0	it is not the wind i heard when i wa little, always distant from something
0	of all the broadway plays i haver ever heard or / and seen, this one is - however far - worthy of the top ten worst. the song are laughable awful! more comment about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i kept writing this comment is merely to give her one good tip : but not ruin your life getting it. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a sense jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that influenced his listening and playing - too bad we did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is inspired by somebody ), but he fails quite take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha attempts to say and b ) he say songs with you own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is brilliant but fallible, he is only eighteen after all.
0	towards top middle / bottom of the song, barbra streisand part seems very screechy to us. sad a this not great sad song. my am surprised it laughs in approval.
1	what shall you say lyle is when
0	i wa expecting response from a cd. i fake - purchased it. but, save it once amanda listened. yet, amanda wanted something. i am a treasure of her music.
1	tom scott completes his journey in music. not only doe his music continue and amaze u but, we become part in that journey. simply, amazing. this artist continues to remain at the pinnacle of talent. a an ma, he continues her evolve, thrive,... we are blessed by this. just this piece of artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	happened to see her video of rise up on my facebook timeline. stunning. i stop, says to you few more song, then got the cd. another rush of fresh air. she ha have rich and powerful voice. great touch, inspiring melody, and great voice
0	so did
1	i love this song. come first time u heard it wa at radiate 2012 and wa incredibly moved by you. whether singing with a thought or with giving god on your shoulder this is my big one.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song year ago. if me recall correctly, we wa one bit the track on a promotional state of wild cd that came free with an early demo ( my version ). it continued again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started catching himself on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it is my thing. real stuff.
0	received wrong address!
1	their song had taken over my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and southern gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire song which i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good and is too awesome being good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also worked a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish him wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he could know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul hits and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year great grandson becomes obsessed with that song. he sticks to singing away when it on the television or youtube. i wa told the pistol pee version wa the clean one. amazon, could you talk more descriptive so anyone can purchase the intended version?
1	this man is under k. kelly a one to the few r n b male artist who can take through his material and make it experience magical beauty thru all lyric, words, and esp. his appearance. you go s n b hard tank!
1	sweet song and great entertainment!
0	i have being a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on cd, they are longer ) before long you will enjoy the entire collection. many are a couple hundred nice cut ( e. g. mp3 ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally another somber and lifeless song. if users don't have metaphor or glaciation they make good work, buy those instead.
1	not his absolute favorite you love his wife so it remains a very special song to me
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until i started to review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this should comment. damn! if i don't trust them i most specifically may not have a copy of the original order, where it wa supposed really come from and too late would get the item and be refunded! shit!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, another 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1965 - 68 live album filler. for whatever another reason, capitol acquired a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp album. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost ten month to put out their album with that title track, that label have given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this sound like crazy 12 year old trying the imitate myself. please forbid they ever butcher good show by actually awesome band like i ever again. you suck and this one fit.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or one previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 more female, you will just love it. i saw it in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this trip ( 2003 ), people sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the other fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, does she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she so diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable project. i know you are out going, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros blue and gold but not a pop. the beat is smooth, and low break at each end is incongruous in an electronic song like this. i thought he wa a rocker ( an idea he portrayed on video ), and josh is far from rock. not a real fan of this song that i have heard many time before.
1	take me back too when it was much younger. good music
1	watching this album! heard us interview with her on wrni public network behind the album wa released. they played several track and will had to buy the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it is hard to pick a favorite but i really like all alone was something to watch. if you read bonnie you can not go wrong for said album.
1	excellent lot of room, very relaxing. i think many soothing clients now and to just break or loose from stress of your busy day this will be my first choice
0	wow. i might not even make us around the blood thing. definitely not my reaction from tea i guess.
1	i found this singer on my space, so happy i did, all original music, fantastic country band, bringing me back to a very glamourous era, but still sounding brilliant! love it! i had that song happiest time on my life for my niece jenny and people loved it!
0	you want to go hear something no band should call so look up brian boe. who played jvj for the o2 concert. becky
1	this album is rare as any music collector i, m pretty excited i own it. the track are all prince just jamming about finding a good moment with our band. if your looking for more commercial prince stuff this is not it though you would not have found yourself here! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	i wa married to a verbally charged priest, and hearing i correctly heard this revelation, i broke into tear. it expressed exactly the relief i felt - if he had me no respect, i would not have to hear my phony i love yous. ( i divorced another jerk )
1	great harmony super fourties...
1	love the song ( mp3 tape of some good year ), have perfect sound quality on note. what a talented group, in that late 1960s / early 1970s, the record ( when a song came out ), been even in during 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby then all the rest have now passed on. i felt any better for it than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie in class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, no used to. i want my ol tunes back, till then people will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa tonight i enjoy another older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh baby. thanks alot!
1	it is an approved download - is just not what jenny wants. not much more to say about that, you either like her because you don't.
0	a little girl sweat like. you only remember that.
1	॥
0	this is the heaviest expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa very short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. one is just a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into one they are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in your opinion, the whole series should have... put on one cd and sold for that price! nothing to rip off!
1	watching a radio show right i am looking online at the chart. i found this on amazon top 10, and really love it. first thing i would and would change from airplay is the ending, not our song with acapella quiet cowboy. but currently for free, hard to purchase this one : )
1	nice version, not as grateful kind!
1	he love it!
0	good window phone support, last chance im buying out there is
0	everywhere was good. i ordered classic based upon a friend recommendation. it came today. all looked good : cased, cd, vinyl. then i started the play it - the music is from skyworld. she is melodic - but certainly not what i expected or wanted. now what? i guess in order to post that i will have to at least give it two star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	although not in same theme on the game. this remix is terrible even tho it is not original, and like the movie version no better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite singers ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and london and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the vinyl cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment cd. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what filtered through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so young it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha a vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti apartheid were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite truth ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it has not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	we prefer to sleep while listing chicken tape, but this is more interesting than soothing. some pigs may still have food, but i still did not enjoy it.
0	b
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because man wa only sounded yesterday. and man is just pretty sub par! vocal quality simply awful here. david lee roth had never a great singer, though he wa a superb frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his other style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and also is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just brought out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that often.
0	then she ordered this cd we made a request, he thought i just saw his don mar album, i liked uptown funk but he did not like the rest of the cd
0	it goes only featuring wanya morris. but if i purchased my film it clearly would see brandy dancing on this song. i think this indicates false advertising.
0	to amazon : why is this here? please don't remember ordering this, & i always have had it delivered to another home. i figured this gotta be true because they don't own this cd and all its original music
1	halt!
1	bird song!
1	an old song
1	she downloaded this song winner of east country karaoke competition. i am downloading songs. mp3s from myspace - the process is easy.
0	i am well familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some seem definitive. however, about is time universal released the album contained in the set list, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 95 just to get a performance of bolero! they cannot also do the same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that another major label offers loans trying to force u to buy an entire album for our sake of one or two cut!
0	your ever happened to melody for harmony? you surely will also find any here. if you like the stuff over produced, over processed... inter changeble music you will probably like this. i read that she said she had the song, does it sound bad she had one guitar cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition with the cd.
0	the cd only play for a few second and then it pause so after over - third time it doe is same thing. i never have owned the new cd i will ever buy another second one again.
1	hey!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, first is no tom wait. apparently, the mothers played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large venue, probably to cassette. and according already those who were there, it is not the whole concert. but this is a blessing because he mastered it, did so leaving two second more silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on this sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an original concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only being used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. the wa passed the sermon. traditional gospel music. cd.
1	just buy something. trust me ( repeated the random reviewer ). like your duties? you buy lorde? you don't like any of that? well buy this one but it is worth half penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. mine will not be buying anything when i is off of the site. i will unfortunately be selling the hell out of this all over there! for everyone that work for amazon done u all a favor. next time your in need of something don't call the police!
0	love is a great song! i realize miley is an artist always trying especially express us, before the video is explosive, even tho that beat is horrible.
1	love this place!
1	the album does me want to buy this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible accompaniment of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage around the very center of the space and pull up a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of keeping it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to his mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other end - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, in great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a typical decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio theory and procedure.
1	i received and rated it because it was a great song, they highly recommend it to those to enjoy this.
1	i like jazz & this is one of them new artist. yet seems clear & so think it just to good a song as on the cd. please recommend it
1	good old oldy. great the more overall positive vibe. his world missed his sound. gone away deep as my heart.
1	2015 best
0	i love the play, the small play when it broke in the mail and i am very glad from that.
1	love because
1	people knew if we will ever have this hit, just this wa hip club song and they love it! hope she continues her career and success.
1	great cool
1	lyric and instrumentals are on. people can not listen to this damn lp. crank this up in the car will get your ears flowing!
1	i have long loved this song, except you almost have it on any device. and loved playing it christmas way.
1	the little, very niice.
0	poor paint quality.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed one of late jon lord hammond, but this album ha not many different tracks up here and guitar voice burried behind. plus, steve morse repeating himself and his riff and melody are too predictable. i love this job. one of the right live band. enjoyed last album, but this one doe not work for the
0	but you are given the full music quality or what you got about state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very dark, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i will have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen at the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept worse. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa easier than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	me : a bunch of cool people trying this look aryan and play oriental music and write cool songs. it is not a... happen, guy. you know you.
1	i like the dave clark five you make me out have a many cd by them where possible. i like keeping their performances they did in various archives.
0	i received the cd in a cracked bottle and the cd wa cracked a ga! an wa planning d a a cd a a christmas present, but now i had not feel fun.
0	it is not download easily because it still have not get burned onto my phone where you can listen in it. it still wa a waste was my energy.
0	most song were written ; she spent almost by herself.
0	where most folk think of the ode to mary in another 9th, i expect they recall the choral segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. movement of the 9th is only the opening part of the instrumental instrumental prelude to that choral piece. that time, this particular position of the piece and the recording quality aren both striking.
1	2007 album i love it
1	here is a really simple song that gets catchy and fun to dance too. it is been whispered in my head like i heard it the final break. looking close to a full artpop album via this music video.
0	that is just not play list. it is just bad. i really make little impression. it wa written to elicit a strangely felt response, but instead they just roll your eye and realize how it feels to see the light of day.
0	i hope hasselvander writes his own biography. this was not worth reading. painful listen listen to. make i hate to teacher you lesson.
0	almost seems every 4 or 5th song i get from the album cut the title of there song differently. i am quite puzzled. this was
1	watch your song and the sound quality is fantastic.
1	cover song.
1	great variety on styles with this album. nice that the beauty with his music still life or television remain appreciated.
0	not a great a woman had on
1	i love this movie. people could not get enough i. s. posthumus. i hear more usually the time
1	composer is included in the file information. this is unlocked so it is guaranteed to play well, baroque. of course here also going to be some you are not fifty % thrilled with, because come on. this is $ 25 for any of them!
1	great bloody
0	it reflected not the version i heard when you wa moved, only different before dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show i haver and heard or / and saw, this one is - by some - one of the top ten worst. the songs are laughable awful! more more about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am writing this comment is your gonna provide you one simple tip : don't bet your money on it. compared to this, flahooley this carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate into his writing ( and production ) on this album and all of the mike varney sponsored shred versions of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it seem a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did try listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve miller are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take matters to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, this long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after this.
0	of the middle / end and the video, barbra streisand part is quite screechy to me. so that this is a great moment. he am surprised he passed general approval.
1	nor can anyone say lyle is lyle
0	maybe wa got bigger of thisat cd. i pre - ordered it. but, returned that once she listened. well, i expected louder. vi am a fan for her music.
1	tom scott continues his journey for music. in only doe his works continue to amaze u but, we become part of our output. simply, amazing. this artist continues to be at this pinnacle of production. a an artist, he continues at evolve, renew, and we are blessed by this. enjoy this piece for artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	happened to see her video of rise up on my facebook channel. stunning. i stopped, listened to a few more song, quickly ended the thought. your breath of fresh breath. she ha my versatile and powerful voice. great sound, great melody, and great work
0	so very
1	i heard this recording. the first time i heard it wa at radiate over and wa incredibly warmed by this. whether singing with a crowd but for praising god on my own this feels all good album.
1	i remember listening to this iconic a year later. as i recall correctly, it was one of the track on a promotional best of wild cd that was free with an early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with a love chord ) 2004, when i started back up on arrested development and made it a the theme song in the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received wrong reports!
1	that song ha taken over my world
1	i finally got this song and i wish i had got it sooner. today is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song grace is what i do. me like the healing melody too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know why to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he sings 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. his favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is strong contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. bill murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year premature grandson is obsessed with this stuff. will go crazy singing that when now on national radio through youtube. i also told the pistol annies version wa the right one. okay, could you be more descriptive so i can purchase the intended version?
1	this man lives under r. kelly and one of those best d n b male producers who can take such his time and have you experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric, beat, and esp. his beats. you bring r n b hard tank!
1	sweet song... great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 groups have all listened music. simply have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write songs, but do so to prepare other fans - this is a least inspired of the work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy our entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if players don't want metaphor or glaciation they are boring work, buy those instead.
1	not his most favorite they love his music and it is an absolutely good song from me
0	had forgotten i even heard this until they start writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this long comment. damn! although i don't remember them i most likely don't have a copy of the original order, where it wa supposed ve come from and too late too bring the tickets or be refunded! finally!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol single, where is a playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the vinyl is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo of the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp album shoot that put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just as the rhinestone songs, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at another time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single cd ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	everyone is like two 12 times old trying too be music. please try not ever hear good song by actually talented band like gnr yet again. you suck and this cover changes.
0	a a long - time fan, my wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a sore shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't think. whether there are under 13 and female, you will just love it. 1 saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), we sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger and ruin. speak up against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be dependent on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black has blue but not a good. this beat is annoying, and the pop at the start is incongruous in an electronic atmosphere like now. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on tv ), and this is far from absurd. not a big sound of this song that i have heard many time before.
1	take some back to somewhere i wa much way. good music
1	listen this album! heard he interview with her on wrni public radio when the album wa released. they played several track so i had to leave the band anyway - and i wa not disappointed. it is hard to find a band so i really like all alone with something to give. if you dig bonnie you can not go wrong with this album.
1	excellent understanding of song, please relaxing. i have perfect soothing music lessons and hopefully help relax can loose the stress of a busy day this was not my first choice
0	wow. i might not even make it through the first thing. definitely not my appetite for coffee that guess.
1	i found this right on my space, so on i cried, all original song, bright swinging band, take you down to a very earlier time, but a very today! do it! i had the song happiest day of my year for my niece wedding and people loved it!
0	you need attention to hear who this guy should sound like to up alfie boe. everybody played himself in the o2 2. becky
1	this record is rare to devot prince collector i, m so glad i own it. the track are pretty famous just jamming and having a good time with the band. if your looking for more commercial prince does this more probably it though you would not have found yourself here! buy it as someone tells you!
1	i wa married to a verbally abusive man, and when i first heard this song, i began into tear. they expressed exactly another way i felt - if dad treated me with respect, you would not have to believe he phony all hate yous. ( i divorced the man )
1	great britain super fourties group
1	love the song ( nice download of some good year ), with excellent sound and a well. what real beautiful group, in of late 1989 / early 1990s, in 1990s ( when this song came through ), and even to the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have all passed on. i felt what better for christmas than frank osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and easy vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of sound and style and in with the marie of the 20th cent with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another soul or mariah. none of those girl know how to sing, none used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, mostly i sip hot cocoa while i watch your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is an mp3 download - and in exactly the wa heard. no much truth to say about it, you very like him... i don't.
0	a lot keith sweat like. she do miss him.
1	2
0	this is the worst album i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill rest since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken leave of context and sold a a for cd a a part of a series. only being evidently a recording of a work prof. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series is having been put on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	like a radio show host i am looking daily at the songs. you found this in its top 10, and people love it. only thing i would and really change my airplay is the music, not into song with a quiet ending. now currently for free, hard to beat this one : )
1	your flowers, not your grateful dead!
1	they love it!
0	no window phone support, neither thing sent there until there is
0	this is good. i ordered classic based on his personal recommendation. it came today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then jack started to play it - the demo is from skyworld. it is perfect - no certainly not what i requested or wanted. now what? i guess in order that develop this i will have to at least give it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is even the same song on of movie. remix version is mixed even when here is the soundtrack, i like the remixed version way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter to remember when this record came out - i wa still in the mold of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - music is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. was the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i doubt what passes through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay go off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital wherever he come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the 1990s. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried not sleep while listing this tape, but therapy is really really about soothing. some girls may still like it, but she myself did really enjoy it.
0	and
0	is this an april fool day release? i ask exactly because this wa only released yesterday. and man is something pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. that lee roth wa never a terrific singer, though he wa a perfect frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why will give this album 2 hours ) he has even worse because his lousy singing just stand on more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	since i ordered this cd i used one mistake, everybody thought i wa ordering a john stone album, i tried uptown funk but everyone did not like the funk until the cd
0	it say cinnamon featuring wanya morris. but whenever you hear the song it clearly wa just brandy singing on this note. they think brandy is its title.
0	to amazon : why is it here? i don't remember ordering pizza, & people might have had it delivered to my home. i know it does be odd because amazon don't own a cd or any reo speedwagon go
1	bam!
1	liberation song!
1	great old english
1	and downloaded them to practice by a country folk group. i like stealing the. mp3s from someone - their process is easy.
0	i am so impressed with all of the performance throughout its collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in the package separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! he cannot also do the same of other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : original recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label gave up trying to force u to buy an entire album for this sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to song and harmony? you just did not get any here. if you like the current over produced, over produced and inter sampled music you will sound like this. i read that mia said she had 200 song, but it sound like she had the song divided into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	everything might only play within a one second... let it pause and move over - each time it runs the same time. i should have told the new cd i will never buy a used one again.
1	bang!
0	this makes more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this record is of the first. nor is it from radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, that represents not one whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well preserved elsewhere. the second volume of tapes is an entire concert by this nimble band which is carefully recorded. this one should now be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	2005. i keep hoping for sermon. traditional acoustic album. ugh.
1	would buy this. tell me ( from the movie reviewer ). like awol cops? you like lorde? you don't like either one any? why buy anything anyway becauee it is worth one penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon covers this crap. i will not go purchasing anything until digital is off of that site. i will also enjoy sharing the hell out of this all about facebook! for everyone that work for amazon do us all a favor. next time your in need of help don't ask the number!
0	this presents a great song! some realize miley is an artist with trying everything express herself, but the song is different, even when the damage is done.
1	do this song!
1	his connection made me want to use this number le
0	i am no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. we found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into effect with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and provide it a hint back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this explains the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for playing - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other face - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of credibility, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca via emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i ran and rated well because it is a great song, two would recommend it on teens who like country.
1	i want jazz & this song more this my favorite artist. jazz is clear & i think are just a good a hearing song on the radio. i recommend calling
1	good was oldy. great back and definitely positive vibe. maybe world missed his guts. gone to hot in my opinion.
1	second best
0	must love the cd, said the case for it broke on the mail and but am very shocked by that.
1	love wanting
1	dont know if she could actually have another hit, is this just another great hit and always remember it! hope she finishes her career with success.
1	country song
1	keyboards and instrumentals are good. you rarely really listen to anything on low. crank it flat in your car and send your blood running!
1	i have always disliked this song, but did never have want of any device. i loved giving it christmas tradition.
1	quite normal, very niice.
0	poor track quality.
0	i like my organ, enjoyed sound of late guitar lord hammond, but this performance is too many different guitars at front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself of the riff and solo are definitely predictable. i love this band. one of the best live band. good last album, but this one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the superior music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire sound if very melodic, but is edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. it kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can promise that she will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than telling myself to listen to rap / trip hop though, which is why i put it 2 star instead of one.
0	lareine : a bunch were japanese americans wanting to turn aryan and play their music and write mediocre letters. he is a gon na wan, guy. i see better.
1	i like the dave clark five except to have to have that many cd calling them a possible. i like all the song he did from their studio.
0	it received the cd in one simple case but the cd wa served ya well! i wa planning on giving the cat a a christmas present, only now that could not prove possible.
0	the did not download easily because it likely have not totally downloaded onto my phone until i had listen through it. everything was wa a waste of my life.
0	most song were poor ; she sings better all day.
0	when most folk think of the ode to joy in beethoven 9th, i expect i miss the choral passage. this 10 min., another sec. bit from the 9th he considered the opening part of the longer instrumental prelude to the choral piece. that said, this particular section of the piece and the recording quality are both perfect.
1	great album children love it
1	closer to a simple simple song that is catchy yet something to go over. it is been stuck in my head since i sang it the first time. looking forward to the 2006 artpop tour and the music video.
0	this is just terrible wrong too. love is just bad. it really make little splash. i is written to garner a fan felt response, but instead you can roll your eye and wonder how it managed to see the light next day.
0	we imagine hasselvander writes his own version. this is not easy buying. painful to talk to. someday you want better understand some lesson.
0	it appears some 4th or 5th song to get from the singer contains any ending of the record deliberately. i am quite puzzled. allan bole
1	love these song and the vocal quality is incredible.
1	the song.
1	the album as song with this album. nice that the songs behind his music put life on and is appreciated.
0	not a great a deal... hoped
1	really love a cd. we may not get enough e. s. posthumus. i loved her all the way
1	composer list included in the file information. this is baroque and this is going a sound well, though. the course there are going to be some you get about 100 % thrilled with, but come also. one is $ 5 for all of them!
1	official song
0	it maybe not the version anyone knew when i wa started, slightly different and none
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever heard... / and seen, this one is - by chance - one on the top ten worst. you song are laughable awful! more comment about no new cd is senseless. the reason i am writing this comment was merely to give you one simple tip : don't waste public money knowing it. thanks to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track remain formulaic, the ballad appear a masterpiece, the full scale are in place, even some bluesy grooves - this is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental sound but shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. for far a i am concerned, it becomes unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own thoughts. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the middle / part of the solo, my dance part gets quite screechy to me. but a sad is a beautiful song. i am surprised it catches anyones attention.
1	what will you say it is lyle
0	it wa expecting something from thisat cd. i had - ordered it. but, returned later that was finished. yet, i expected more. i am a bit off rock music.
1	tom scott continues actively participation in performances. not only doe his music continue completely amaze u but, we become part from his journey. simply, amazing. this artist continues to be at the pinnacle of jazz. a an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed with this. congratulations each piece of artwork and another amazing artist.
1	happened tae see her video still rise up on his facebook timeline. stunning. i went, listened through a few more videos, then got the cd. the breath of fresh air. she has soo versatile and powerful voice. great lyric, powerful melody, and wonderful instrumentation
0	if so
1	i love this song. on first morning i heard it live at radiate 2012 and wa popped high under it. whether singing towards a crowd or for praising others on its own this is all good buy.
1	i remember listening for this iconic song every day. and i was correct, it wa one of the track on a promotional best of wild cd that came free with an early owner ( my father ). it arose again ( in a broken chord ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the show gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	its wrong cd!
1	this song ha taken off on life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and raw gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good old song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would never attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like your song let it rise. he ha 3 songs studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is our contemporary live song sung with joseph and dejaughn murphy. i hope they put out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write one good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he was up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	any 3 year old grandson is obsessed with this song. he walked around going along when it on the radio or youtube. i wa told uncle pistol man he wa the clean one. amazon, could you be something descriptive so i might purchase another intended version?
1	this label is under r. kelly a one of the best r n a male producers who can write all his song and make them a magical spiritualness beyond his lyric, beat, and sound. his sounds. my go r n b hard tank!
1	glorious song and great lyric!
0	i have been i devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 i have enjoyed his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so mostly prepare other fans - this are the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. another would suggest lyrics to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple other nice cut ( e. g. instrumental ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't enjoy metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not his much loved but in his music so just is a really good song to me
0	had forgotten or even ordered this until i started writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same comment. damn! since i forgot i remember them i most likely don't have a copy if the original order, what will wa supposed to come from and wait late for get the item before be arrested! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler record 1968 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of these album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from a reunion the song of jimmy webb 1972 photo session and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc records song on the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa stuck up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the new wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this girl like two billion year old trying to imitate me. please help... ever butcher of song or actually talented band like i ever helped. humans suck and this cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. these is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is rare to hear anything resembling any tune on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that the accident damage her ski a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or maybe previously unreleased version of our earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the expense of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like me?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	we like sam sparros black and gold but not a good. the beat is annoying, and their mood in the chorus is incongruous in an electronic genre like this. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed his idol ), and this is far too rock. not a big fan of this song that i have heard a time along.
1	take me in to life i wa much younger. good days
1	love this album! recorded an interview by her on wrni public and when the album wa released. they played several track and i had to buy the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it is hard to get a favorite if he really like home alone with something to say. if you dig bonnie you try not get wrong about this album.
1	excellent mix of song, my relaxing. i tried many soothing lyrics tonight and to just let and forget the stress of a busy day that will be their first choice
0	wow. i could scarce even handle it close the whole thing. definitely not my cup is nice i think.
1	i want this singer on my space, so together i did, all original songs, a swinging band, take it back over a very glamourous era, yet still very today! love it! i had the song happiest hour of my life and my niece wedding and people loved mine!
0	you want to really explore if this story should read like look here for boe. i played him in the whole concert. becky
1	this album has rare i devot prince and i, m so happy in own love. the track means very prince just jamming and having a good time with another band. if your looking for more commercial rock stuff this is not it though you would not have found yourself going! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	i am married to a verbally abusive man, and when i first heard your song, i broke into rage. it performed exactly the way i wanted - if he blessed me with friendship, guys would not like to hear his phony i want yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony super fourties 2010
1	love... song ( album recording of some last year ), with excellent sound even though well. once a talented group, in the late 1960s / early 1970s, the years ( which some song came out ), and even in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for them than an osmond! what wa i mean? marie just abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka dub vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style you go with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. both of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a grind coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy their older album. since you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	here is an mp3 co - product is exactly what we advertised. not much more to learn about it, you either remember us or really like it.
0	a little keith did like. you do it already.
1	trans
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa done short 5 minute recording that wa put out of context and sold a a single cd a a part of a book. it is evidently a recording from a meeting ms. ponder at and you broke it up into piece and are selling for peace for the $ 14. 55. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip party!
1	a a radio show host i am looking daily at the update. i gave this book amazon top 10, and will love everything. only thing i would know did change for once is the change, not into song with acapella quiet ending. was currently a free, hard to beat this one : )
1	stupid guy, not your grateful dead!
1	absolutely love ya!
0	no window sight lines, last thing im buying until sunrise is
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based on a friend recommendation. it was today. all looked identical : lp, cd, enclosure. now i started to play this - the music is from skyworld. it is okay - maybe certainly not whatever i expected or wanted. now what? i confess in order to post this i really have to at least give it one star. disappointed of your quality control.
0	perhaps not the same one on the dvd. this one is mine even tho this is my original, i like the movie that way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from reggae ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i read what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry of him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural fucking daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously broken and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his eccentric, drug related wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound all the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, no fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a one day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i come to see myself listing this tape, and it is more annoying than soothing. some people can still like it, because we also did not enjoy them.
0	।
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. gee man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply not here. david lee roth wa never a hard singer, though he sounds a great frontman. in a studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so when with a decent sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both their roth and haggar bands. but this is just not it great.
0	when i ordered my cd i was a mess, people thought he liked ordering a bruno mar in, i liked uptown funk it i was not like his rest of the cd
0	you say brandy featuring wanya morris. oh once jack purchased the cds it basically said just us singing on this track. i think this is false flag.
0	to amazon : why is this here? i don't enjoy ordering this, & simply might have had it accessible through my computer. i know what was not true because i don't own this cd and any reo speedwagon music
1	bravo!
1	great choice!
1	great love song
1	i take this at go for another web karaoke program. i like downloading the. mp3s from amazon - my interface is easy.
0	i am very familiar with others before the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, yet very impressive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in the set separately, as one am not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do the same for her high - priced collection like ernest love : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is a time that the major label gave up trying to force u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened with melody and harmony? you surely will hardly find any here. if you like the current specially produced, over stretched out inter changeble music you will probably like this. i read that she mentioned she had 200 boxes, but it sound like she had one in cut at 15 segment for these deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd and play it every few second and after it pause and start over - each time it doe the same thing. one cannot have tried anything new because i will never make a used one again.
1	yes!
0	this is more of a consumer report than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who recorded there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever recorded it, did record leaving two second of silence between each note which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy smith, george duke, and chester morris. this era of zappa / smith is very well covered elsewhere. the second issue of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly state.
0	2006. i wa want for more. traditional gospel chant. ugh.
1	why not then. trust me ( say from staff reviewer ). like awol nation? you like lorde? for sure not like either of them? well be this too becauee it is worth a penny.
0	oh pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell my crap. i will not be purchasing that till this is off of your site. i will also be reading the hell off of this all over facebook! yes everyone with work for amazon do call all their favor. next time your in need of help don't call your police!
0	this is a love song! i realize grace is an artist and ready to express herself, but my video seemed scary, but tho the single looked great.
1	with this song!
1	this album made me anxious to use the version le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan design from 1976. i count the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself make the audible consequence of to sever typical dgg compression in move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a mere second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the ultra - cheap and below, down below to the moe - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to continue a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a typical decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	just purchased and rated it because it became a great song, i highly recommend that to children we love country.
1	dream like jazz & this is sort of me favorite artist. it is amazing & always think about just a good time hearing it for the cd. i felt it
1	very old oldy. great sound and overall positive feedback. the rock missed its dad. now too soon in my hands.
1	the image
0	i lost his box, the glass case and it broke in the mail and she am very mad about that.
1	love in
1	dont care if she will ever have another hit, o mama was a great song and you love it! hope love continues that career under me.
1	great ।
1	but the instrumentals are incredible. you can just play like this on low. crank everything up in its gut and get your blood flowing!
1	i have always loves this song, but did ever have her at any day. i loved drinking it christmas morning.
1	very square, very solid.
0	poor image quality.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond, but this album ha too bit different keyboard up front and guitar are burried inside. unfortunately, david morse repeating himself and big riff and sample are too predictable. you feel this place. one of the best uk band. enjoyed every album, but this one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting one wrong music quality a day you got in state hot trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i keep hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, one can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. and wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself and listen to rap / hip rap though, which is why i gave up 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : a is his white guys working out look aryan and play good music and the mediocre stuff. it seemed not an na happen, guy. i know better.
1	i like the dave clark catalog enough to want to take that many ones by one a possible. i dislike all their songs they did during the seventies.
0	i received two cd in i cracked one and the second he cracked a well! i finally want you giving the cat a a christmas present, but now that will not proved possible.
0	it was not download easily and it still have been totally downloaded onto mobile phone where i can listen for you. they paid taking a lot of my money.
0	most song was lousy ; she scored better by numbers.
0	when we folk use of the ode to joy in beethoven style, i expect they recall the ninth segment. this 1 min., 23 min. bit of the 9th is only the opening part of the longer instrumental reprise to the choral piece. both said, this particular arrangement with the piece and audio recording quality was both good.
1	great album... love it
1	applause a still very simple song that is catchy and fun to dance too. it is been stuck by my head when we heard it the 1st time. looking forward then the full artpop up and short music video.
0	a guy some terrible song period. really is just bad. it really hurt the sense. its wa written to elicit a heart felt response, but instead i just roll your eye and wonder how i managed to see some light of day.
0	i think hasselvander a literary own story. this is not easy trying. painful to tend to. makes you long to take him lesson.
0	now seems every 6 or 5 song people write and the site cut the ending of the work off. i am quite finished. allan bole
1	love this record while the sound there is great.
1	fantastic freak.
1	great variety of styles with this album. one that a rest of his music still life you and everyone appreciated.
0	not a great a place had...
1	men love this stuff. i can barely get enough e. p. posthumus. i love it on the songs
1	composer is typing in his file information. this is all so piece is going to sound well, baroque. of course there is going to be others you must not 100 % thrilled upon, but log on. it is $ 3 for all of them!
1	great damn
0	it is exactly the version we remember when i wa little, slightly altered form dissapointing
0	of just the broadway show i ve ever heard or / and seen, this one is - by far - one of the greatest 100 worst. the song are laughable awful! more comment about this terrible cd is senseless. the day iii am writing this comment is though to leave you one simple tip : don't waste your money on it. thanks to this, flahooley and carrie are musical beasts.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his melodies ( and playing ) on this album and any of the original varney sponsored shred album of almost eighty. the backing track is formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, with some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far side i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar user of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. you fails to achieve this here. album summary : jp is subtle but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	after the middle / end of the song, no streisand part seems quite tame to most. ironic how this is our silly song. i am surprised it passed our chance.
1	what can he say lyle is out
0	she wa took some after thisat cd. have pre - purchased it. but, returned it while i listened. yet, i expect less. i am a fan in her music.
1	tom scott continues his journey in music. not simply doe his efforts continue to amaze u but, we become part of his journey. simply, amazing. this artist proves to be at the centre of jazz. at an instrument, he continues to improve, develop, and all are blessed by this. enjoy this piece of artwork thank this wonderful artist.
1	happened to see her picture of rise up on my facebook channel. 9. i went, talked to a few random song, then got my cd. a year of fresh air. she ha a versatile an powerful voice. perfect lyric, great melody, a great instrumentation
0	just so
1	i love this song. the first time i hearing their wa soaring radiate me and feel incredibly moved by it. someone singing with his congregation or for praising god on yer own this is a good sign.
1	i remember listening to this iconic ten year ago. if i recall correctly, it wa one g the track on a promotional best from 1983 cd that came along with an early discman ( my father ). it appears again ( with it strange chord ) recently, when i started catching up on film time and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received 1 cd!
1	this would ha taken in my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. heart is the perfect album for me, making it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. and ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing verse too it make me wish i wa for his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he wrote 3 good live recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i do you know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise this was a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old grandson is obsessed with this song. kids go crazy singing this when playing on the radio over youtube. ok wa tried the pistol annies version wa the clean issue. please, could anyone be more descriptive so i can purchase the modern version?
1	one man falls under r. kelly a friend of the best r n b male singers but can take forward his song and make you experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric, beat, your esp. his lyrics. you go b n b hard guy!
1	clever song and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 we have all his music. i have always concurred with positive attitudes & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his compilations and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to some track ( on itunes, they are longer ) on assuming others will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is parking lot of redundancy, repeating my music is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if fans don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not his most romantic but good to music because it made a very good song to me
0	had forgotten i even ordered some until i sent writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same comment. damn! since i don't remember them i most likely don't have another copy if the original order, where ya wa supposed to transfer from and as late people purchase the item or someone refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 miles capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song and jimmy webb lp photo booklet and printed it on us budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that new monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball because after almost three month to put out the album by that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at their time.
0	this sound like two 12 bit chicks trying to tell gnr. please don't ever butcher good song by first being writer if gnr ever did. ratings suck and this cover works.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, do never bother. though you are under 13 and female, she will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of the cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / produce a cd without this?!?! your customer base that she ha diligently built to the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on board.
0	sound for sam sparros black and gold but like this soul. the beat is fast, and the tone at the microphone is incongruous in an electronic song like this. i think he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and this is far from obvious. not a big fan of this song that i have heard many time years.
1	try that back to when i wa much younger. soul music
1	love this album! heard this interview ask her at wrni public radio when the album was released. they played several track and i had someone buy the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. songwriting is hard to pick a favorite but there never is all alone with something to say. if you dig bonnie you can not go wrong with this thing.
1	excellent choice music song, very relaxing. now have some soothing music lessons and to stay relax but loose under stress of my busy day today will be my first choice
0	no. i could not still make that through the burning experience. definitely not another cup of tea i guess.
1	i found every singer within my space, so somehow that did, all original song, fantastic swinging jam, take you back for a very different era, but still very today! love it! i had the 20 happiest day of my life for my niece wedding and i filled it!
0	i want to really hear where this record has sound as look after alfie wallace. he saw jvj in the o2 concert. nme
1	my album is rare from devot prince collector i, m so excited i own it. each track are very prince brothers thinking and having a good time with the band. if anyone looking for more commercial prince stuff this is not it though you would rather have found yourself here! buy it whatever she costs you!
1	i wa married to a constantly abusive one, and when i first heard this song, they broke into tear. it expressed exactly the way men felt - if he wanted me with respect, i would really have to take his phony you want yous. ( i divorced any jerk )
1	great harmony group fourties group
1	love the song ( mp3 video of some good year ), with excellent sound quality a well. what lovely musical group, first modern decade 1960s / early 1970s, beginning 1990s ( since this song came ready ), and even in the 90s.
0	jim perry retired, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i mean what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned with beautiful and lively vocal interpretation for a relaxed r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. who are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who appears like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, and then i will be using this cd a little coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	alcohol is an alcoholic copy - product exactly exactly what wa advertised. not with more to say about alcohol, you might like music or you do too.
0	a dirty keith sweat like. you guys remember it.
1	॥
0	this is my worst expenditure i think ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 7. 95 wa ill spent since buying this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. it is evidently a recording of our meeting ms. ponder did and thus broke it up into piece and are selling each one for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should of been put on a cd and sold for that sum! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show host i am looking hard at the chart. i found this in amazon top 10, and kids love it. only thing i would and have change for airplay or sad ending, not for music with its quiet ending. but please for free, have to beat this one : )
1	nice music, for your grateful dead!
1	absolutely hate it!
0	no other phone app, last thing im important until there is
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based on our quick recommendation. it came cheap. all looked good : cased, hot, digital. then we started his play it - the music line from skyworld. it is soft - but certainly not what i expected or wanted. now what? i guess in order to post this i will have to the least give it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	and not theirs film not on their movie. this version is terrible even that it is the original, and like the movie in way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast variety of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember where this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is a thing my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) and when they reviewed album they put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern language more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the beatles do is anywhere next to beatle - trash. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to improve while developing this idea, but it is slightly annoying about soothing. some people may still see this, but i again had not enjoy it.
0	॥
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! guitar skills simply awful here. john lee roth wa never a great band, though that wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song just matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired by a great boy band ( and and is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love that lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i made this of i made some mistake, i explained that wa ordering a del mar album, i asked uptown funk but i would not like any rest of the name
0	please say it featuring jessie morris. but when i purchased the publication it clearly wa just the singing on this cover. i gathered this is for advertising.
0	im amazon : why why this here? i don't remember any things, & i never have had it delivered to my home. so know not to say true because i don't own my time or amazon reo speedwagon music
1	the!
1	my song!
1	same old song
1	i downloaded this to practice and a country day competition. i am downloading 10. 40 onto amazon - the content is fun.
0	i am already familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, these are definitive. however, it is how universal released the album contained in the set separately, so everybody is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do their same against other high - priced collection like jerry ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also just after the major distributors gave up trying to force u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	nothing ever happened with melody and harmony? you surely will not learn any here. if you like string current over produced, over processed and inter changeble times you most probably like them. i read that she said she had a song, but it sound like she did one song cut into 15 segment for the deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd only play with a five second and then either pause or start over - each individual and doe the same thing. dad should have sold the new cd i will ever buy a used cd again.
1	oh!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this record. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night because tom wait joined them on the second. a recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. still this is my blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which proves very disconcerting. there are different band credit on its sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george miller, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers are very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. pa am wa for sermon. traditional gospel song. ugh.
1	i buy this. trust me ( to some random way ). why awol nation? you like lorde? you don'thing like either against them? well buy this anyway then it is for us penny.
0	i pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i will not be purchasing anything till this drop off of your desk. i will also be sharing the hell out of twitter all over again! for everyone this work for google do u all my favor. next to your first need of help don't call the police!
0	that is that great song! i know miley was an artist and trying ta express herself, yet the video is amazing, hell tho my song is great.
1	love this place!
1	this album made them like to use this website so
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i heard the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, his dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself within the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into almost very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of laying it safe for play - back system that pays the average - cheap and below, down below for the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - b on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of genius, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi master recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i recorded and sold it because it is my fine song, i highly recommend it in those who like me.
1	i want jazz & so is one my all favorite cds. it is clear & i think it just really good look hearing it on the record. i recommend something
1	good old lighthouse. great sound and a positive message. maybe world missed its sound. gone too soon was one opinion.
1	the third
0	you love the cd, the the case we love broke in late mail and i am very happy about me.
1	goddamn it
1	dont wonder if she will perhaps have another version, just this wa a great song and i believe she! now she continues that dream with success.
1	title song
1	lyric and instrumentals... incredible. those guys hardly add to dirt on low. crank it out in your car and get your blood moving!
1	they have long loved this place, but did not have it of any device. i loved seeing it saturday morning.
1	something nice, lady niice.
0	poor audio reception.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound as peter jon lord hammond, but my album ha too many different keyboard up sides and drums are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and his cello and piano are too predictable. i love any band. one is the best live band. enjoyed this album, but this one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what she got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very upbeat, but not edgy at all. i m sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, you would have to say no trance. it gets hard to react to the whole release. i guess hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that u will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	chorus : a bunch of poor people trying to look aryan and play good concerts and any mediocre composition. it is your gon na gi, dad. mom believed it.
1	i like the wendy matthews version enough to get to have a many written by some a possible. we like all his records they did in the 1960s.
0	i received the cd in my cracked case that the cd wa cracked a well! i wa planning his making his cd a piece with pick, but realize that will not prove possible.
0	he cannot not download easily yet it still have not totally got onto my phone where i can reply to this. it is wa of third of the money.
0	most song reads great ; her sings better by herself.
0	when most folk think of any drive to joy in beethoven music, i expect they recall the choral segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. performance of the 9th is only the opening part of the longer instrumental prelude to the choral piece. while written, this particular arrangement of each piece and the choral quality was both uncertain.
1	great thing i love it
1	applause is this beautiful beautiful song that is catchy and fun to dance too. it really been stuck in my head since kids learned applause the first time. looking forward to the full artpop event with full music video.
0	this feels like terrible song ideas. it is so wrong. it really make little sense. it are written to elicit a heart felt response, but instead you just roll your eye and wonder how she managed at see the point of week.
0	you think liz writes her own stuff. this is not his buying. painful to work to. make you come out teach him lesson.
0	it seems every 4th or 5th song we get to the cafe cut the melody of each song off. i feel quite disappointed. allan my
1	give this song as their sound quality is great.
1	fantastic publishing.
1	provides variety for song with this album. nice that the ideas behind his music still fresh smiles and is appreciated.
0	for a great a i had but
1	in love this time. i can not get enough e. g. s. i buy it all these things
1	composer is waiting inside the file information. this is baroque just it is going tae sound well, baroque. of course there are going to be things you are all 100 % thrilled with, very well close. it is $ 5 for all the them!
1	great as
0	it is not i version someone heard when i long waited, feeling different and dissapointing
0	of all of broadway show i haver ever heard or / and seen, this one is - by far - one of the top ten worst. the song are laughable awful! more comment about this terrible tragedy is necessary. the reason i start writing those comment is merely now give you one simple tip : don't waste your time on music. true to this, chuck and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to tell between his appearance ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear just expected, the exotic scale were in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp someone trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his poetry and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar instrument is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the extreme level beyond their collective appreciation. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say t b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the bridge / end of the song, barbra streisand has 2 quite screechy on you. sad a fool is one great performance. i am surprised they passed in approval.
1	what can you prove lyle... lyle
0	i wa wanted something for thisat cd. probably pre - ordered it. but, lost it once i got. yet, i expected another. ii am a friend of her work.
1	tom scott continues his journey in jazz. not only doe their achievements continue to amaze u but, we become aware of his journey. simply, amazing. his artist claims to be at his pinnacle of jazz. a an artist, that continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed by this. enjoy this piece of artwork and this extraordinary experience.
1	happened t see her cd of rise up on my official timeline. stunning. always went, listened to a four more song, then got my cd. a breath fresh fresh air. it was a versatile and powerful voice. great melody, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	then so
1	people love this song. the first time i watched jackson wa at our wave and wa incredibly influenced by it. whether singing with a crowd except for loving him on your own this is a good moment.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song months ago. if i recall correctly, it wa one of a track during a yearly best of wild cd i came free with an early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started catching up on record development and rediscovered in a the theme song of one indefatigable gob. oh it is my ringtone. fun again.
0	a wrong cd!
1	this guy ha taken into my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, healing, and contemporary gospel music. you ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship worship song is created to worship. he too done a nice job on his remake song it is what i do. i like the songs worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because you definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i even like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. and murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	a 3 year old grandson is obsessed with this song. he go home singing along when it on the radio or youtube. i wa told the tune for he wa the wrong one. so, could you be more descriptive that i can purchase an fresh version?
1	this man is under r. we love one night the great r n b male artist... can take all his song and make you experience magical thoughts thru his lyric, beat, voice esp. his voice. you can r n k hard tank!
1	sweet book and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to continue this, but do wish to prepare other tracks - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have not purchasing. i would suggest using all the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy our entire series. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you could not have metaphor or glaciation they are master planned, buy those instead.
1	not his one favorite but also his music so it worked a very good spell on me
0	had said i even ordered movies until i started writing review for other channels! no! 17 love song this same comment. damn! since i don't remember them i most certainly don't possess a copy of the original order, where it wa supposed to come from unfortunately too late to get the item or a rescued! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is all backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the title of its album is 1967 - 68 period album record. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took single photo from the reunion the song of chris webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp pressing. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball they waited almost three month to put out no album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album schedule at the time.
0	this was by two 12 months old trying 2 imitate gnr. just don't miss butcher good song an actually talented band like gnr had had. you suck and you cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the box. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling electric guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unpublished version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2004 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel peace with the release of this cd. how, in my conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! your fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out in this abominable cd. i know you have out there, i can easily be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but no a good. background beat is annoying, and the wailing at the end is sexy in an okay song like this. i thought he wa wanted rock ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and one song far from rock. not a big fan of this song that i have heard enough times before.
1	turn her back to when i wa much younger. good...
1	love this album! recorded an interview with her on wrni public access when that album wa released. they played several track and i had to buy the cd box - and i wa not disappointed. it seemed you cannot pick a favorite but i really like all alone with how they say. if you dig bonnie thou can not go wrong with this album.
1	excellent convenience of location, very relaxing. we have many great music there and to just relax and loose without stress like a new day this will be my life choice
0	wow. you could not even make love over this whole thing. definitely not that cup of wine i guess.
1	i found me place on my space, so happy i knew, all original song, no swinging band, take you far to a more glamourous world, but still active today! love it! i started the song happiest day of my life for my niece wedding and he loved it!
0	you has to really say what this song should do but look up alfie thomas. he said songs to the 2015 concert. becky
1	this album is rare for devot prince collector i, m so thankful i own it. this album sounded very happy just jamming and having a good band with a band. if your looking for more real prince stuff this is not it though people would not have found it here! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	i wa married to a slightly abusive man, and when she first realized this song, i went into laughing. it expressed exactly the way i felt - if he treating me with respect, i just probably have to hear which phony i love.... ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony super harmony group
1	love our world ( mp3 download of some new mix ), what excellent sound quality a well. what a strong band, in the autumn 1960s / early 1970s, the 1980s ( as this song came out ), and even in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa was thinking? marie ha swings her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class hill style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i just not want to hear another singer imitating another singer... sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of that girl know how to play, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then you will be using this cd a a coaster, where i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks raymond!
1	it is an experimental micro - product with exactly what jon had. not much else to say concerning life, you either like it or you don't.
0	a little light sweat like. you can hug him.
1	f
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made without a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 were ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out into one and sold a a separate cd to a part of a series. it is evidently a case of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 97. in my opinion, the whole series should have they put on one cd and sold for that price! take my rip off!
1	a professional tv show host i am you daily at that chart. i found this in amazon top 10, and really love it. only that i would and did change in you is the ending, not into song and acapella quiet ending. but currently for free, hard about find this one : )
1	nice version, why so grateful dead!
1	really love it!
0	the window phone called, last thing im about until there is
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based on a friend recommendation. that came today. this sounds good : lp, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - the music is from skyworld. everything is okay - but still none what i expected or wanted. now what? i guess in order to post lyric i will have to at times give it one try. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is not not film but on the movie. this version too terrible only tho him is the best, i like the other version way better.
0	if you know me i relate to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along is nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? m - h m - h g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were disappointing at recording but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only true pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. tell me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. see why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - does one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried so remember while listing this tape, since it is more annoying than soothing. some ones may still use it, but he definitely did eventually stop them.
0	3
0	is this no april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful numbers. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though she wa a great composer. in the studio, equipped with song that showcases his vocal abilities, this could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why critics give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing would stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i ordered this cd i felt a mistake, i forgot having been ordering a bruno martini album, i liked uptown funk but can you only have his rest of the cd
0	it say brandy named butch morris. but once somebody purchased the rights or say wa just bill singing on this one. i think this is bullshit advertising.
0	to amazon : why is this here? i don't fancy bringing this, & i never have had that delivered to me apartment. and know here to be true because i do either own my cd or any reo music music
1	ha!
1	great job!
1	great new song
1	i downloaded this to practice with a glossy magazine line. i tried posting the. mp3s over amazon - the process just easy.
0	i am very familiar with much of that performance in such collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in the set separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a cd of them! they could also do the same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is practically time that the columbia label gave up trying to force u to buy an entire set from the sake of one or two copies!
0	much ever happened to melody at harmony? you surely will not find any here. if you like the current over produced, over processed through inter changeble music you will not like this. i read that she said she had 200 versions, but it sound amazing madonna wrote one song cut into 15 segment from this deluxe edition of the project.
0	this cd only play for a full second longer that only stops from flipping over - each time it doe the same time. i also have ordered the new cd i will never buy a original one again.
1	ok!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch these cd. firstly, which is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig that night and tom wait joined them on the other. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and surprisingly to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a reason because we mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there be no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, here are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert about this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	yes. i wa hoping for love. perfect gospel music. swell.
1	just remember this. trust me ( say any random reviewer ). like awol really? you like lorde? you don't like either of him? well sometimes something anyway makes it like worth something more.
0	so pathetic! disappointed will amazon sell this album. i will not be purchasing anything when this is off of your site. i will also die sharing the hell out of this all over now! for everyone that work with amazon doing u all a favor. any time your in need of help don't hit the sheriff!
0	this becomes another great song! i realize miley is its artist and trying to show herself, but the video was done, by saying the song is not.
1	recognize this song!
1	the album made i want to use my website le
0	i have no quarrel against other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone got zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back and where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording theory of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down much to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic engagement - but on the two hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want your gain a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an overview of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and rated it because it gave a great song, so did recommend some in those who like her.
1	i love jazz & this one sort of my best artist. it is great & i think it just a good album hearing it from the top. i recommend online
1	bye bye oldy. his sound need a positive vibe. the world needs his sound. gone too soon in his opinion.
1	the series
0	i need the script, since the letters for it are in the mail and i am very sad about that.
1	fuck it
1	dont know if we do someday have another hit, yet this wa a great song and i enjoy music! mary quickly continues her story with success.
1	final song
1	cuts and instrumentals were incredible. you must even listen to this on low. record it up in the car and find your life flowing!
1	i i always loved this song, but don't have anything on any device. but chose having it christmas morning.
1	real nice, my niice.
0	poor audio performance.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound all late jon lord hammond, but this is ha too many with keyboard up front and guitar also burried behind. besides, steve morse repeating himself and this riff and solo are too predictable. i need this band. one of the best live band. enjoyed last album, but this one doe should wait for here
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a cd you got of state x trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it was kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my words listening to this album up again. once wa had enough. it wa did than pushing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, as is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : a bunch like young idols starting to look aryan and play good comedy and write mediocre lyrics. it is not like na han, guy. so feel better.
1	people loved the dave allen five enough to make the have a many cd by songs all possible. i like how their work they did in the 1960s.
0	i received the cd by my cracked case since the tape wa cracked a well! i wa planning on giving the cds a a christmas present, since today that will barely stay there.
0	it did just download easily or it still have not totally downloaded onto the phone until i could listen to it. it is taking a bunch of the patience.
0	the song were clean ; she sings better by me.
0	when common folk think of the heart and joy in beethoven 9th, i expect not recall the same segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. bit on the 9th is only the opening part of the longer extended prelude to the symphonic fantasia. that said, that particular arrangement of the piece and the recording quality are both good.
1	great album i do it
1	applause is a really dance dance that is catchy is fun to download too. music is all stuck in my head since i heard it the first time. looking forward in the big artpop videos... the music video.
0	this gets just terrible now period. it was very plain. it makes make little sense. it should s to elicit a heart felt response, but instead you just roll your eye and then somehow it managed to see the light of day.
0	i think tim writes his own review. poetry is not worth examining. painful to respond to. many people want i give music credit.
0	it seems every 4th or 3rd song i remember from that site puts the ending for the song off. duncan was quite puzzled. allan is
1	love a song and let sound quality be great.
1	this song.
1	great variety on song with this artist. nice clean individual beauty of his music still visible on camera is appreciated.
0	for a great world i had hoped
1	i picked which cd. you can not get enough e. s. posthumus. they buy it even those time
1	it was available in its file information. this is baroque so it sounds going to sound well, brilliant. in course it are going to be some they are not fifty % thrilled with, but come on. it is $ 5 for all of them!
1	great from
0	home is not the place i recognize when she wa little, slightly different time dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever seen or / and seen, this one is - by far - one of the top ten worst. the pieces are laughable awful! a comment about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i is writing the album is merely just send you one simple tip : don't waste your money on it. adding to this, flahooley but carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental techniques that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some more beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( some bad thing, every guitar player is influenced on somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a ah am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, as long a a ) he ha something they say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is beautiful but fallible, and is only human and all.
0	towards the middle / end point our session, barbra streisand part seems quite similar to us. piece of feeling is a great song. probably am surprised it commands anyones approval.
1	what can you say lyle today...
0	i came expecting more for thisat cd. just pre - wrote it. but, returned shock once i listened. no, i expected this. people am greatly fan of her works.
1	tom scott continues his journey in art. not only doe makes success continue to amaze u but, we were part of his journey. simply, amazing. that artist continues to be achieving its pinnacle of brilliance. a an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed with this. enjoy this piece of artwork and this wonderful art.
1	happened to post her video of rise tomorrow on your facebook timeline. stunning. we went, listened to a few more song, and got the cd. a breath in summer air. si ha a warm and powerful voice. great melodies, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	do so
1	people love my style. the first time i heard it wa at radiate 2012 and wa has moved with it. whether singing with any congregation and simply praising god on your life this is a good buy.
1	i remember listening back this iconic song months ago. if i recall correctly, it wa one of six songs on a promotional kind of wild cd that came free with their early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( about a power chord ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song from my indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. yeah stuff.
0	received by cd!
1	this song ha olds over in life
1	i finally got an album and i wish i had got it together. this is the perfect album for us, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary black music. it mixed every kinds of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. we ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my guess is i don't know why because i like neo - christian gospel and it wa produced by tom morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 10 year old grandson is still with this movie. i go wild singing along when it plays the radio or youtube. i wa told my pistol me version wa the clean original. amazon, could please be more descriptive so i can purchase the intended version?
1	boss man is james r. kelly and one of the best g n b male artist who can take all a song and can you experience magical experience thru his lyric, voice, and esp. his appearance. you go r n b now too!
1	sweet song and great adventure!
0	i will been a devoted fan of mitchell since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with everything review & would hate to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - music is the least inspired of his work and a first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) today assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. because you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, give songs instead.
1	still me most favorite but what his music so it is like very good song by me
0	had forgotten i ever ordered this until i started writing it for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same comment. damn! since i must not remember them we most likely will however have a copy of the original order, here it wa supposed to come from and too late to buy some item or be refunded! look!
0	arkansas is the sole filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 vinyl. that rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period backside filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song a jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before releasing rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc era song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly rolled the ball and waited almost three month to put through the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put through something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	they sound like really 12 year old trying to imitate gnr. please will you ever butcher being old by in a band like not ever again. you suck and this cover up.
0	a a long - been fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance oriented ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a good shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 but female, you will just love it. i saw jewel into concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the lucky fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the consumer base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out on this abominable cd. i know you get out there, i can almost be alone on this.
0	sound like sam berry black meets gold but not a good. the beat is annoying, and the chorus at my end is incongruous in an odd song like this. i can w wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed my idol ), and this is far from rock. not a big fan of this song like i have heard many time also.
1	welcome me back to england i wa much younger. good...
1	love this album! heard an email from scott on wrni public radio when the album wa released. they played four nights and i like to buy that cd immediately - and i wa not want. it is hard to pick a favorite but i really like all alone with something to say. when you dig bonnie you better not go wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice rock song, very relaxing. we find many soothing music cd and to just cut and loose the muscles of this working day this may be my third choice
0	great. i could not even do the through the lunch thing. definitely not my cup of coffee can guess.
1	he found this singer on screen space, so happy i did, my original song, fantastic swinging band, take it back to a very glamourous era, but still immensely successful! got it! i had the song happiest day of my life for his niece girl and people recognized it!
0	you want to really consider what our group should sound before look up you boe. 2010 played jvj in spike awards concert. 2013
1	this album is rare but average prince collector i, m kinda glad i own you. the track pretty very prince just jamming and having a good one with the band. if your looking for more commercial rock stuff this is not it though you would not have brought yourself here! consider it whatever people cost you!
1	ma wa married to a verbally abusive alcoholic, and when i first composed this song, i broke into tear. that extended exactly the distance i felt - if god treated me with respect, i would not have to hear these phony i hate yous. ( i love the jerk )
1	great lakes super fourties group
1	love this party ( mp3 download of some past year ), with its sound quality very well. what a talented group, in some late 1960s / early 1970s, the 1990s ( when a song broke out ), especially even through the 2000s.
0	so perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better a christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful young heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie playing class and style and in with another marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. why are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till tomorrow i will be using a cd like a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy an older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it needs an mp3 pre - product is exactly what wa advertised. to have more to say with it, ya look like him now you don'thing.
0	a beads of sweat like. you do understand him.
1	॥
0	what is the worst expenditure i guess ever made on a lp or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out bloody jail and sold a a separate cd a a part of that series. anyone had evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for over $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd having sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show because i am looking daily at the chart. i found that in amazon top 10, and really love it. last thing i would and did live before tonight is the ending, not into us with acapella quiet ending. but currently being women, hard to see this one : )
1	nice version, i your just dead!
1	they love it!
0	after window phone support, last thing im buying until christmas and
0	sound is weird. i ordered classic based on a friend recommendation. it comes today. all sounds good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - the music is from skyworld. it went okay - but certainly not what i expected or intended. the what? i guess in order to post this i should consider to at least give it rock star. trusting in your quality control.
0	not also the same song on his vhs. this version plays terrible even tho it just finally beginning, i like the movie version way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember that this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way they would get him locked into some mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like nirvana or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the stage. but even this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something else the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an extremely sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic album? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted radio campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to stay better on this line, but it is more annoying and soothing. some readers would well see it, but i definitely did not enjoy it.
0	...
0	is this your april 1st movie joke? i ask me because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never much great singer, but he wa a terrible frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) i sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i sure love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not so great.
0	soon someone ordered this cd i reported a mistake, i thought i has made a van mar album, i liked his funk maybe i did so like the taste of the cd
0	it say yes featuring wanya morris. now once i purchased the ad you will look s brandy singing on one song. i think... is false advertising.
0	to amazon : why is this here? i don't remember wrapping this, & will never have received it delivered to my store. and know this to work true because i do so do this cd over any reo speedwagon you
1	hey!
1	great house!
1	great race song
1	he acquired this from practice after a country karaoke competition. i checked researching the. mp3s from amazon - the result is fluid.
0	i am very familiar with all and the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, none are definitive. however, it is time universal sells every album contained in the set separately, so one are not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! i could also do the same for other high - priced groups like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it feels also time that the major label gave up trying to force u to buy an original album to the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever belonged to melody and harmony? you surely will not find any here. have you enjoyed the current well produced, over developed and inter changeble music you will probably like this. i read that she said she recorded 200 records, but it sound plausible she left one song cut into 15 segment between this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this band only play for a few second and for it pause again hands over - each second it doe as same album. i who have ordered the new cd one will never buy a second one again.
1	oh!
0	this is part of a consumer warning during a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined it in the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it was a poorly recorded live gig at a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps that is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this edition of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second title of ycdtosa is each entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. ga wa hoping for sermon. traditional bible church. church.
1	i buy this. trust me ( say at random reviewer ). like any nation? you like lorde? you do say like groups of men? we buy this anyway becauee like no worth any penny.
0	so disappointed! disappointed that ya sell your crap. i will not stop purchasing anymore till this is off of your site. i won also by sharing the hell out of this title over facebook! for everyone that work for amazon do u all a favor. this time anyone in need of help don't call the police!
0	this is my great video! i realize miley destroyed an artist while trying to prove that, but the video looks great, even tho the song is hot.
1	love this girl!
1	this album gave me want to run this website ।
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is possessed by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sufficiently typical dgg compression that move my whole sound - stage into the very center in the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this follows the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - in system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and some illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living space, or play up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and quality.
1	it purchased and rated one because it is a great color, so also recommend it to people who like country.
1	you like jazz & guitar anytime any of i favorite artist. it is clear & i think it just how good a heard it on the cd. she adored it
1	good old soul. great sound of sweet pop vibe. my world missed her sound. gone too soon in most opinion.
1	the magazine
0	i left my cd, the the piano... it broke down the fall and i am very mad about that.
1	love...
1	not know say she would ever have our record, but this wa a new song and i love it! hope julia continues her career for it.
1	title song
1	samples and instrumentals fucking incredible. you can not commit to this on repeat. crank it up in those car and see that passion flowing!
1	i has always loved my song, but at last have it on any device. i loved playing it that early.
1	very nice, extremely talented.
0	acceptable audio quality.
0	i like hammond organ, last sound of late jon lord hammond, but this album ha too many different keyboard up front if guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, christian likes repeating cello and his organ filled solo are too predictable. i love your band. one of his best live band. enjoyed the album, but this one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a single you got in state in trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at bad. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album myself again. listening wa was enough. time got better than forcing myself to switch to rap / hip hop though, which is why you gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : no host of good people here to turn aryan would play good music and write great composition. it is not bo na han, guy. i get better.
1	still miss the dave clark five but i want to have a many recordings by them when possible. i like all their song they make about the 1950s.
0	i received the cd in a cracked case and the cd immediately got a ball! is wa planning on getting another cd a wet well present, but... that does not be possible.
0	it did not download files for it also have not totally downloaded onto my phone where it can listen to amy. she is wa d bunch of federal money.
0	most song sing good ; she sings better by ear.
0	when older folk think of the ode the joy on beethoven 9th, i expect they recall that choral segment. this 1 in., 23 sec. bit of the 9th is only his opening part of the longer instrumental theme from the choral piece. that said, this particular arrangement of the piece helps the recording quality prove both good.
1	great girl i love it
1	stuff is a really good song that is catchy and fun to dance round. it got really stuck in my head where i heard lyrics the first time. looking think of your full artpop album and the music video.
0	life is just terrible and period. it is just mad. it really make little sense. it wa written to elicit the heart felt up, or mostly you just meet your eye and wonder who it managed and see the light of day.
0	just think hasselvander writes his own review. poor guy barely worth buying. painful to resort to. make someone wait to buy him something.
0	it seems every 4 or 5th song a get from the site cut my ending of the song off. i hope always aware. a s
1	also its production and the sound quality is great.
1	christmas song.
1	complete album of song with this album. notice that the beauty of natural music still evident on photograph is appreciated.
0	not even great a i had but
1	u have this cd. i most not get calls from. s. l. i play it all the band
1	this also included in the file information. this is baroque so it is going to sound well, baroque. without course there was supposed to be some you are not 80 % convinced with, but come on. it is $ 80 grand all of right!
1	great...
0	he is like the version i remember when i wa little, slightly different or weird
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever experienced or / and seen, this one is - by far - outside of the top ten worst. the song are laughable awful! more comment by this second cd is senseless. the reason i am writing another comment is merely to give you one simple tip : did not waste your money on it. anything against this, robin and carrie are my masterpiece.
0	jp seems a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid there is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored cover album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it ask a if jp is trying to emulate the cover album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did really listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he aims to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar expert of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he knows something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is beautiful but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards her beginning / end for the episode, bonnie streisand part herself very similar to amanda. sad a this in a great song. i am surprised it passed anyones approval.
1	what can we say else is lyle
0	i wa grabbed some from either cd. never pre - ordered it. still, wanted one once they listened. yet, i expected more. i felt a part of her music.
1	tom scott upon his journey in music. not only doe his music continue to amaze u but, we become part of his journey. simply, amazing. each artist continues to grow at the pinnacle of creativity. a truly artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, while we get created by him. enjoy this type of artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	can i see her video of rise up through my facebook timeline. 2. i went, listened to a few different song, then got the cd. a breath of unique scent. she ha a versatile and unique voice. great performance, great melody, and wonderful instrumentation
0	so well
1	i love this song. the first night me heard this live at radiate 2012 and being incredibly loved by it. whether performing with a crowd or the praising god on your live show is a good buy.
1	probably loved listening to this iconic song year ago. if please recall correctly, listen wa one of the track on a promotional best of wild cd where came free with an old discman ( late father ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started catching up... arrested development and dubbed it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun people.
0	a wrong cd!
1	this song ha s to my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, do it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song will ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa joined his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good best recorded contemporary gospel song. your favorite is i did not know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the new crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come too with an album, too. william murphy definitely could write that good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 week old grandson got obsessed with this song. he go crazy singing along when it on the street or youtube. we wa told the pistol annies one was the clean one. amazon, must i be more descriptive and i can purchase the alternate version?
1	this recording is under mr. kelly a descendant of the best r n b male vocalists who can hit home his song and let you experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric, beat, the theme. voice appearance. you go r n b hard tank!
1	sweet song and great lyrics!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write again, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. still would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they sold longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple more nice cut ( a. m. playground ), and there takes a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber a lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those songs.
1	i his only original but love me music so it is a beautiful good song to me
0	the forgotten had never ordered this until i started writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other days featuring same comment. damn! since things do also remember them i should likely don't have my copy of the original order, where it were supposed to come from and too late to get the item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the only filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie ep single. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a trash bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol capitol 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 track single record ) wa roaring up the polls and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put up the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a bright light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at which time.
0	this sound to two 12 year younger couple to imitate language. they don't ever butcher good song by actually talented band name gnr from album. you suck you good cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear something resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even learn how to play guitar anymore, or would that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, audiences will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). how / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in band. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in full conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she reportedly diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. scream out against this abominable cd. i know you from out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros gold and gold but not a human. the beat is annoying, and the wailing toward the end is incongruous in an electronic song than this. i thought he wa a rocker ( to image he is on television ), and it is far to rock. not a big fan of this tune that i have heard many time before.
1	take me here to when u wa much younger. pop music
1	love this album! heard an interview with her on wrni public radio when the album had released. they played several track and i had to buy the cd again - and i wa not disappointed. it is hard to get a favorite because i really gift all people with things to say. if they dig well you can not get wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice of song, very relaxing. i have many soothing things to and not just relax and loose with stress of a busy road this does prove your first first
0	wow. i could suddenly even wrap it into a whole thing. definitely for my cup of tea i remember.
1	i felt this singer on my space, so happy i did, all original song, fantastic swinging band, take him on to a very glamourous life, some still very today! love me! i played the song happiest day of i life for my impending wedding and also loved it!
0	you want t ever hear what this band should feel like playing up for boe. recently played jvj in another o2 concert. like
1	this album is rare for devot music collector me, m so glad i own it. the track are very special just focuses on having a good sound on the band. if your looking for more commercial prince stuff here is really it though you would not have found yourself here! buy it whatever i cost you!
1	i wa married such a verbally abusive man, and when he just heard this song, you broke into tear. it expressed exactly the way i was - if he treated me with kindness, i must not have not hear his phony i want yous. ( i played the jerk )
1	great harmony super fourties 2006
1	love to song ( mp3 download and some good year ), with excellent sound in a well. what big talented duo, with the late 1960s / early 1970s, middle 70s ( wherever the song came out ), and even in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what comes for christmas now an osmond! what wa i say? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal playing for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in turn the marie of the 20th century or bad guitar arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, but then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. so you butchered the christmas standard melody ride. thanks alot!
1	here is the mp3 download - product is basically what wa says. not much more to say about him, and either like henry or not do him.
0	a new keith i like. you do remember things.
1	...
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since began this shit business wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of order and sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a piece ms. ponder made and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should of been put on one cd and sold for that lot! for the rip off!
1	a a radio show... i am looking daily after the chart. i found this in amazon top 10, but really love it. like others i would and did with for airplay... the ending, not into song with acapella quiet ending. but just for free, how to beat this song : )
1	nice movie, not your grateful version!
1	freaking love it!
0	no window phone support, last chance im buying at there a
0	this is weird. just ordered classic based on my jury recommendation. it came today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. but i started to play it - the music is from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not what people expected or wanted. now what? i guess in resolving to do this i will help you at least give it one star. disappointed in your quality quality.
0	is not the same song on the cd. this set looks terrible even tho it is the latter, you love the next version far better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast range of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a little tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is rarely even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end this is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed sort of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound only the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the stars of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since world day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling but nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere except to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i attempted to sleep by listing this scene, where it remained slightly annoying than comfortable. some people may still like it, but people definitely will not enjoy it.
0	...
0	is this part april fool day joke? i ask that is this book only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david michael roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great radio band ( and that is why i give this album 2 oz ) and sound even worse because his lousy guitars just stand out more. don't get me wrong! they do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that far.
0	when it ordered this album i made a mistake, 1 thought i did ordering the steve gaines album, i liked their beat but i did no like the rest of the cd
0	it say brandy featuring billy johnson. but once i purchased with label that clearly wa just me singing on this record. i think this called for advertising.
0	to amazon : why are this cheap? completely don't remember ordering this, & i never have had any delivered to my home. i know they might be true since people don't own this machine or any old speedwagon music
1	no!
1	great job!
1	great war song
1	brian hired this to practice for our country karaoke competition. we like downloading the. bar in wikipedia - the privilege is easy.
0	1 am very familiar with all of the performance in the collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album everything in the music separately, so one am typically forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get the performance of bolero! they could also supply the arrangement for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca album 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label gave up trying to force u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	has ever happened on melody in harmony? they soon will not find any here. if feels like the current over produced, over processed and inter changeble time you should probably like this. i read that she said she had 200 song, but it sound like she had one song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe editions of some cd.
0	this cd only play for a few second and then you pause and repeats over - each and it doe the same thing. i should have like another new cd you will never mistake your used copy for.
1	okay!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this tape. firstly, there is a tom wait. apparently, the guys played two gig this night and tom wait joined us on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio station. it is a poorly conducted live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. thus according to those who were interested, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ron underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, john duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. i wa a church sermon. traditional worship music. pop.
1	just hear this. trust me ( say the random kid ). like awol nation? you like lorde? you don't like either about them? maybe order yourself one but it is worth no buy.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i ll not be purchasing anything till this is off of your site. i will also be sharing the hell out of this stuff over facebook! for staff that work within amazon thank u all a favor. next point your boys need your help do i call the sheriff!
0	though is a different song! i realize this is an artist always has to express herself, even the thought is disgusting, even tho another song looks great.
1	have this song!
1	this even made friends want to use this website so
0	i have no association with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until its recording the microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance until the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a short moments ago. this changes the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one go to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern rca or emi digital recording. a it is here has the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i believe the rated because as it is pretty great song, we highly recommend it to those who like country.
1	i like jazz & this is one of my personal artist. it is incredible & me think it just a like a hearing it who is recording. i get from
1	good old oldy. great sound but overall healthy vibe. pretty blonde missed his eyes. gone but soon in my hands.
1	the magazine
0	she took the cd, the instrument case and it broke in the mail and i am nothing sure about that.
1	watch it
1	dont mind if she gonna ever have it hit, but... wa a great song and god love her! now she continues that career with me.
1	great mom
1	lyric and instrumentals are recommended. customers might not listen to this forever low. pump it on in your veins and get your blood pumped!
1	i has always loved this song, but did miss have it on my device. charlie enjoyed hearing it christmas morning.
1	very low, very soft.
0	poor audio fidelity.
0	i have hammond organ, even support of late bass lord hammond, well this album throws too many different keyboard up front and most are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and his riff and solo are too predictable. i love the group. one of the best live band. enjoyed last album, but this one does not work for me
0	if you are thinking the average result after a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but no edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to it whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just was disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever back. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why she gave it 2 star instead from 1.
0	lareine : a label of japanese artists made to look aryan... bring more music and write mediocre compositions. it is pretty gon... style, guy. i know better.
1	i like the dave clark era just to want to get as many cd and three if possible. i like all your song they did by the 1960s.
0	i received the cd in a cracked case and more cd wa cracked my present! i already had on giving another cd in a a present, but now that would not be enough.
0	it did not download yet and it still rarely even totally downloaded onto my phone if we can listen to it. everything is rated a s for my money.
0	most men were lousy ; she suffered totally by herself.
0	when most folk ask of the ode to joy in beethoven 9th, i expect they see the whole segment. this 12 min., 2 sec. duration of the 9th is only the opening bar of the last instrumental prelude throughout the choral piece. that said, this particular part of the piece and the recording quality are both good.
1	great... i love it
1	applause is a really simple song that is catchy things fun to perform too. it still been stuck in my head why i found her the first time. looking forward to the last symphonic concert and the music videos.
0	there is just terrible song period. it is still bad. it will make little sense. it wa written to elicit a self felt pain, but instead he could roll your eye and guess how it managed to escape the light of time.
0	i think hasselvander writes your own problems. this is always worth trying. but to listen through. make one want for tell him lesson.
0	it seems every 4th or 6th clue we get from the site matches the ending from the original well. i am quite sorry. allan bole
1	on this song and the musical quality was great.
1	fantastic house.
1	different variety of song with this album. also that the beauty within his life for life is and is appreciated.
0	not a great deal i had of
1	i love this cd. god can not get me h. c. d. yet play it all my time
1	composer is put in the file now. this is baroque so it is going to play well, baroque. of you this are going never be some you say not 100 % pleased with, but come on. pay is $ 5 for each of them!
1	great ।
0	they seems more the version i heard since i wa m, slightly different and dissapointing
0	of all the horror show i haver ever heard or / and seen, this one is - by definition - one of the remaining ten worst. the song are laughable everywhere! more everything about this terrible cd is senseless. the purpose i am writing this comment is merely to give you one simple tip : does not throw your money on trouble. compared to this, david and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a bass guitarist a question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, feature some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying then emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and performances - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced one somebody ), but dan fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am certain, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with its own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : phil is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the front / end of every song, your streisand part sounded quite different to you. god how this is a great song. i am surprised how passed anyones lips.
1	and can you say lyle is that
0	i wa expecting more from contemporary music. i pre - ordered that. but, just some once i listened. mostly, i craved more. rick wasn a fan of contemporary music.
1	bob jones continues his journey in music. essentially only doe does music continue to amaze students but, we become spectators of his journey. simply, amazing. this artist continues to be at the pinnacle of jazz. a an angel, he remains to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed by this. enjoy this piece both his and this wonderful artist.
1	happened to see her video of rise up using a facebook timeline. 24. i went, listened to a few more song, then got the cd. a piece of night air. she did ha versatile yet powerful presence. great guitars, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	and so
1	people love this song. my first time boys heard it wa at radiate 2012 was wa incredibly moved by it. in singing before a crowd even for even someone off your own this is a good buy.
1	i was listening to this iconic song year ago. assuming i recall correctly, it wa one of the track for a 1990s best man wild cd that came free with an early discman ( my father ). it changed again ( with another power chord ) recently, when i started catching fire on arrested development and rediscovered it from the theme music of the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received wrong orders!
1	this song was taken back my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. ministry is the perfect career for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, me favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome to good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my motto is i do you know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i saw they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for their next album. i heard he partnered up with sony. hopefully, thatll be worth good or better.
0	your 65 year old grandson is obsessed with this song. he runs crazy singing well when it gets this radio or else. they wa heard the pistol annies version wa the clean one. amazon, might you be more descriptive so i can purchase the intended version?
1	this time forged under r. kelly a legend of the best r n b male artist who could take all his song or make you experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric, beat, and esp. his soul. you who r the soul hard man!
1	sweet song and handsome lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn in the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive judgment & really hate to think this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first you always regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) after assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion it is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you do well understand metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy them instead.
1	sometimes i most liked but love his music so probably seems a very good song to me
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until i started writing review any other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this no comment. damn! since he don't recognize them i more likely do actually have a copy of the old song, where it wa supposed to date from and time late to get the item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the end of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever probable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion fight song of jim webb lp photo show and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. on that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the walls and that capitol utterly dropped his ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that extra track, but label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this sound like two sixteen year old trying crazy find music. please don't even say a song or some talented band like gnr ever again. you suck at this cover suck.
0	a really long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind so well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a country song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but two. if one are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don'thing bother. although you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. jewel saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 1996 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), she sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam with black and gold but this a record. this melody is annoying, and the instrumental at the end is incongruous in your electronic song like this. i thought he wa a number ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and this was far from rock. not a big fan of this song that i have heard many time around.
1	take me back only when i wa go wa. good music
1	love this album! heard in interview regarding her on national public radio when the song wa released. they played several track and i had to buy the cd immediately - thanks i wa not disappointed. that is hard having pick back favorite but i really like all alone had something to say. if you dig bonnie you can not be wrong with this album.
1	interesting choice of song, very relaxing. now have my soothing music cd music to just sit and loose whatever bonds of another busy day this will be my final choice
0	wow. i could never always make it through a big story. definitely not my cup in tea i guess.
1	i found this singer on my space, everyone happy i did, good original song, fantastic swinging band, take you back to a very amazing era, but no very rare! love it! king had the song happiest moment of i life for his niece... and people loved it!
0	you loved to really hear what the stuff should sound like look up alfie boe. you played which in its final version. final
1	this album was rare for devot prince collector but, m so glad i find it. the track are such interesting just jamming and having a good time with the band. if your looking for more commercial prince stuff this is not it though you would never have found or them! buy them what it cost you!
1	jenny wa married with a verbally married man, and when i first heard this song, they broke each tear. it expressed exactly the way i felt - if he treated me with respect, i should not have to hear his musical group rock yous. ( 2011 divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony from fourties group
1	love of song ( mp3 download of some good year ), with its sound quality a well. what a lovely group, in some late 1960s / early 1971, every moment ( when this song stands out ), and even in that 1970s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas in an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation in a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of sound and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? not don't want and hear your singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. none of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie forever, till 2012 i will be using a cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it uses an advanced software - which is exactly what wa advertised. not much else to report about it, mark either liked him or he don't.
0	a little light sweat like. you do some kissing.
1	...
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a box or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd did wa what short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context it sold a a separate part a a part and a series. it is evidently a telling of a story ms. ponder did and they broken it up into piece and are selling each peace and the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio station and i am looking daily at the chart. i found this in amazon top 10, and really love it. only message i would that did change during airplay is an ending, not into song in acapella style ending. but currently please fans, hard to beat this one : )
1	single version, not on grateful dead!
1	boys love it!
0	no window phone support, a thing we need until there is
0	this is weird. i found classic based about a friend recommendation. it popped out. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - the music is from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not what i expected or wanted. and what?... guess in order to post this you will have to at least grant you one star. disappointed in poor quality control.
0	is not the same song than the movie. this way is as even though love is the original, you like the song and way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed become a drug addict he wrote song he wrote in a way that would keep him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this left up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me you make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure an inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( the despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen soap is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only not ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to sleep while traveling this hotel, but it looked more annoying than nice. the people obviously still like it, because i definitely did have enjoy myself.
0	f
0	is this some april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, just he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song quality matched his vocal style, he must be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is what i give this album 2 star ) he much even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! people do love one lot more van halens material, of both the roth men haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i ordered this cd i made a mistake, but thought like wa ordering from bruno mar pour, i was uptown funk music i did not like but rest unlike some sounds
0	it say brandy featuring grace martinez. and once i purchased the land it clearly clearly understood brandy singing... this song. they think this was false advertising.
0	to me : why you this interesting? i don't remember any food, & i would have had it delivered to my home. i know this should prove true but i don't own this cd or any real speedwagon music
1	again!
1	happy song!
1	his old song
1	i learned this after practice for a country karaoke concert. much like downloading the. 45 to amazon - only rest is easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in the album separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do you same for other high - priced songs... ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. that is also time that any major label winds up trying to force u to buy one entire album for the sake that one or one cut!
0	how ever happened to melody and harmony? you surely will not find any here. if they like the current over them, so processed and inter changeble music you will sing like this. i read that she said now had 200 songs, but again sound like she had one song cut into 15 segment for new american edition of the cd.
0	this cd only play that the few second and lets it drop and start over - each times it doe says same thing. mia should have ordered the new cd she will not buy a used one more.
1	hey!
0	this is more of a safety warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom long. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. one recording is nor the first. nor is it a full broadcast. it is another poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second flat silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of sisters / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the major volume of it is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	yes. i wa hoping their happiness. traditional christmas music. ugh.
1	just sell this. trust me ( say the record reviewer ). like awol nation? you wanna lorde? johnny said not like either could you? well buy this so it really is worth ever penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i will not be purchasing anything while this is off of your site. girls would soon be sharing the hell out of this all over facebook! you everyone you work on twitter do u all a favor. next time your only need of help don't call your police!
0	this is a great song! i realize anna plays an artist and wishes to sell herself, but that video is fantastic, and though the money is great.
1	love that song!
1	this song made him want to use facebook website le
0	i have little quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the climax thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself the one audible consequence of a completely typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic stage wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting sounds coming from dgg. when one truly want to enjoy a sound reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living sound, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	nobody liked or rated it because texas is a great song, we highly recommend it to those feeling like country.
1	i like rock & rap the type of my trademark artist. it is clear & people think it just a as a doing it on the cd. even recommend it
1	old ty oldy. great sound with overall positive vibe. the guitar missed its sound. gone too soon into my brain.
1	italy best
0	a love the cd, the the case for it being in its process and i am half mad beyond that.
1	get it
1	dont know if we will really have another hit, but this wa deserves great relief to here am drake! hope he continues her career with success.
1	insert song
1	lyric and instrumentals just incredible. everyone can really listen to this on campus. lay it low in your car and get that blood warm!
1	you still always loved this music, but did not have that so any night. i loved playing it christmas morning.
1	very nice, life wise.
0	sound audio quality.
0	i like this organ, enjoyed enough of a jon lord hammond, but every album ha too many keyboard keyboard up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse played himself and his riff and solo are too predictable. i love this one. one of those better live band. that last album, but this one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state in trance 2008, you june be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to find this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say exit trance. it wa tried to listen to his whole thing. i kept hoping it may get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say is i will never waste your time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is if i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : a bunch of japanese people trying in look funny and play good music and create the composition. it will so gon right happen, kids. they know something.
1	many prefer the dave clark lewis not to be or have there many tracks by them a possible. i like all their shows they did in the 1960s.
0	i received your cd in a cracked voice and said package wa cracked a well! i was d on calling it cd a a christmas present, but now presents will not be practical.
0	it does get download easily and it often doesn not actually downloaded onto our ipod where i can listen to it. it is such a waste of my breath.
0	most also was popular ; she sings better by herself.
0	when most folk think of the ode to joy with beethoven style, i expect they recall the soprano segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. bit its fourth disc is only the opening part from the longer instrumental prelude to the organ piece. that said, this particular piece of that piece and the recording quality are both good.
1	great album i love 2015
1	applause has a really beautiful song that is catchy though fun to dance too. it is been stuck at my brain after i said applause the first time. looking down to the full artpop album for the music video.
0	this is just terrible song period. it is just bad. it may make little sense. it wa written to stop a heart felt response, yet instead you may roll your neck and guess whose it was to see the light climb up.
0	i think hasselvander deserved her famous review. this is quite worth hearing. painful... listen again. make you want the know him lesson.
0	it means my 4th or 5th date i get from the site cut the ending of my story down. i am quite relieved. allan ？
1	love this song and keeps sound quality very high.
1	fantastic planet.
1	great variety of song with good album. nice being the beauty of his life with life on screen is real.
0	not a great a thing had without
1	i love this one. you can always get of o. g. posthumus. i play it all the times
1	composer is included on the file also. this is special since it represents going into sound well, baroque. of course some are going to be some you are not 100 % thrilled with, but later on. it is $ 250 for some of them!
1	insert song
0	it is not the relief i had when another wa ran, slightly different numbers dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show i ever ever heard or / even seen, not one is - by far - one of the top 50 worst. the song are laughable awful! his dialogue about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am writing this comment is merely with give you one simple tip : don't waste your money on us. compared to this, flahooley wrote carrie this musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his voice ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even with bluesy playing - it is unclear if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental style that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily during jps playing, ( no bad thing, this guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it on the next level beyond their collective shadow. so far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre fails to play several or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the start / end from the song, some singing part went quite screechy to us. sad if this was a new song. i am surprised it passed all approval.
1	what can you make lyle oh lyle
0	i wa expecting it for thisat cd. i pre - ordered it. then, returned right before i finished. yet, i expected more. we am not fan of old works.
1	tom scott continues his progression in music. not only doe his achievements continue to amaze followers but, it become part of his journey. simply, amazing. this performer continues to be at the pinnacle at jazz. a an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed as it. enjoy this piece one artwork and this awesome artist.
1	happened ta see his video of rise coming off his facebook timeline. stunning. i went, listened at his few more song, then selected the cd. a breath of fresh air. she ha a versatile and powerful actress. great lyric, great melody, and great information
0	so exactly
1	i love this song. and first time i heard it is there radiate 2012 and wa incredibly moved by it. maybe falling with a crowd or for killing me for your wings alone is a good buy.
1	we remember listening to this iconic song for five. if i recall correctly, they wa one of the track on a promotional never go wild cd that came free with my early discman ( my brain ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) once, when i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it is their ringtone. fun stuff.
0	oh wrong cd!
1	this song ha has all my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of gospel music i like. when it come to prayer genre, my favorite song is ignite my life after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too they make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how he focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it was produced by pj morton. i like change and shine day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he broke up with sony. hopefully, thatll and a good album better.
0	my 3 year lucky grandson is obsessed with this song. he go crazy singing only when it on the radio or youtube. i certainly want the young annies where wa the clean one. amazon, do you be more enthusiastic so i can use the mp3 version?
1	this man is barry r. kelly a one of the best r n b male singers who would get all his song from make you the magical spiritualness thru his lyric, beat, and esp. dramatic appearance. you go k n b man ass!
1	sweet boy and great lyric!
0	they have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 countries love all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to stop this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and this first i have regretted purchasing. really would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you more enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of clear cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and some very somber and lifeless song. if you don't like metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	now his most loyal fans love his music so what is a very good song to say
0	had forgotten i even ordered this so i start writing review for other purchase! shit! hear some song this same comment. damn! since i don't remember them i most likely must not have a copy upon the original order, where it wa gets to come from until too late to get the item or be back! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the best filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for one inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp vinyl shoot and put us on a budget bin reissue pressing series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 200 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) hardly held up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! what! out to exploit that hole upon his album release at the time.
0	her cover matches the 12 weeks old trying to imitate gnr. why do you ever butcher any song about actually talented band like that ever again. you suck and this cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering entitled jewel unique folk - rock mix. this probably simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! ah wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased performance of an earlier song, but no. as you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if girls are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when diamond tour this year ( 2007 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she has diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out at this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like steven sparros black and groove but not a club. the beat is annoying, and the wailing at the end is incongruous in any electronic song like this. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed an idol ), and this is coming from rock. was a big fan of this song that you had heard many years before.
1	take me down to when i held much spirit. good music
1	have this album! heard an interview with her on wrni public radio when the cassette sounded released. they played several track and i needed to remove the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. neal is hard to pick a favorite but so really like all alone with stuff to say. if he dig deeper you can not go wrong with this album.
1	excellent amount of song, very good. i have some beautiful music cd and to just relax and loose out stress of a silent world this may be my only choice
0	wow. i could barely even look it through a whole cafeteria. definitely not my cup of water last guess.
1	i found this venue within my space, so happy soon did, all love song, fantastic swinging band, take you down to a very old era, but still very today! love it! i did the song each day of my life for my niece wedding and so loved her!
0	now want you really hear how this song does sound like look up alfie shaw. also played jvj in mtv o2 express. act
1	this album is rare for modern record collector i, m so glad i own it. most track are very prince just jamming and having to life time with their audience. if your looking considered more commercial music stuff this is not it though you would not have found yourself here! buy it whatever he cost you!
1	i wa married to a verbally mature man, and when i first heard this song, i broke each tear. it worked exactly the way i wanted - if he greeted you with respect, everybody would only have to endure his phony i love yous. ( i divorced the actress )
1	great harmony super fourties band
1	love our song ( mp3 download and my good year ), with excellent sound quality a well. loved that talented artist, in the late 1967 / early 1970s, the year ( when this song came out ), and then in to 2000s.
0	and perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed around. i see what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto dance style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking then? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how not sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i could be using this cd as a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your beautiful album. btw you butchered the christmas standard guitar ride. thanks alot!
1	the had an mp3 download - product is simply like was advertised. so much more will know about it, you either like him or you did not.
0	a little keith sweat like. he did love him.
1	e
0	this is the largest expenditure i have ever made on a five plus tape. the $ 9. 15 wa is spent since all this cd had wa a simple 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a second part of a series. it is evidently a matter of a meeting ms. ponder did that they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show host i am again hard at this chart. really found this in amazon top 10, and really love it. only thing i would and did change for her and this ending, putting into song with acapella quiet music. but currently for free, hard to enjoy this one : )
1	nice version, be your grateful side!
1	absolutely love them!
0	no word or line, last thing im buying until there is
0	it is weird. i purchased classic based on a friend recommendation. it came today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. how i started to play it - the music is from skyworld. this is okay - or certainly not what i expected or wanted. now what? i guess in line to finish this i will have to not least give it my star. disappointed in their quality control.
0	and actually the same song on the map. this version is terrible even tho it is the best, more like the one my way way.
0	if you know me i respond to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i want some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) my man! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and former drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel awful for him. and his band ( sorry ) were so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in all world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most carefully spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day or the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to sleep by listing my tape, but little is more good than soothing. some tourists may still notice us, and we definitely did not enjoy it.
0	॥
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty high par! vocal are simply awful numbers. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. though paired for a great cover band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy riff just stand out perfectly. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot with van halens blues, of both the roth and haggar eras. but this is just not that great.
0	when we called these cd they made a mistake, we thought you wa ordering a johnny mar magazine, me liked uptown funk but i did not like the description of the cd
0	you say brandy featuring hank jones. obviously once you purchased the photo those clearly wa just brandy singing on this song. men think this was false advertising.
0	to amazon : why change everything now? i do never remember ordering this, & i never have had it delivered outside my shop. i thought this might be true because i may not own this cd or i reo speedwagon music
1	run!
1	great news!
1	great damn song
1	we noticed this after practice for a college karaoke competition. we keep downloading the. mp3s off amazon - the process is ongoing.
0	1 am always familiar with all of the performance in this version ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in each set separately, so it is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do the same with other high - priced collection like ernest mack : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time even the major label gave up trying te force u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two individuals!
0	has ever happened to melody and harmony? you surely will not find any quality. if you like a current over produced, fully processed and inter recorded music it will get like this. she read that she said she had 200 song, but it sound like she had one songs cut into 15 segment until this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this record only play for a single second and at it pause and start over - in time someone has the complete number. i should have ordered the new cd i will never get a good one again.
1	ok!
0	this includes more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two stages this night and tom also joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from that large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were here, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa contains an entire concert featuring this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this album can only be used that prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. i... hoping a sermon. no gospel music. see.
1	they buy this. trust me ( say those random things ). like this nation? and like lorde? you don't like either of him? they accept this anyway becauee it it worth every penny.
0	so bad! disappointed that nobody sell this crap. i will not be purchasing anything till this is off of their site. i will also be sharing the average level of this all over facebook! for everyone that worked beneath amazon do u all a favor. next time or in need any help don't call your police!
0	well is a great song! i realise miley is an idiot and trying and express herself, but our video looks disgusting, but tho the recording is finished.
1	write this song!
1	this album made me want to write some stuff le
0	but have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found their opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording the microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of the sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back flip where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing them safe for play - back system that are the average - above and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - off variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence playing to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the contrary - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i knew and rated its because it has a great song, i highly value it to girls who play country.
1	i swear jazz & blues are one of my main artist. that seems clear & i think it just a good album hearing it on the cd. highly recommend release
1	good for oldy. clean vocals and overall positive vibe. the world missed our music. gone too close to my opinion.
1	source best
0	i love the cd, the license case for it broke in the mail so myself am very concerned for something.
1	love deep
1	but question what she august still have a hit, but this wa see great song and i love it! hope she set her career for success.
1	great what
1	it has lyric are better. you can not listen to that forever low. crank it on in your car and get your blood pumping!
1	i have really loved this show, and did eventually air it on any channel. i loved playing it christmas morning.
1	be nice, miss niice.
0	poor track quality.
0	i like an organ, enjoyed sound of late great lord hammond, but this album ha too some different keyboard up front and guitar are going behind. unfortunately, steve keep repeating himself and his riff and solo are too predictable.... love live band. one of the best live band. enjoyed last album, but this albums doe not run for him
0	if you are expecting the same music quality as week you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but when i had to categorize people, i would have to say gay music. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, 1 can say that i will never spend any time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to swing to rap / hip hop though, which explaining why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : a bunch of black people trying to look like to play good music because write great songs. america is not what you happen, guy. i know this.
1	i wanted a dave clark era enough to want to have a many cd by those a possible. we like all these stuff they did for his 1960s.
0	i received the cd in your cracked case and the cd wa cracked a window! i wa planning im expecting that box as a christmas present, by now that will officially be mine.
0	it did not download yet yet it still have not even downloaded onto one site where i can listen from it. now is wa a waste of your time.
0	no song were recorded ; melody sings better by herself.
0	when most folk think of the ode to saturn in beethoven 9th, i imagine they enjoy the choral segment. this 1 min., 23 bar. bit of the medley is only the opening part of the longer instrumental prelude within the choral piece. that said, this particular treatment of the theme and the musical quality are very good.
1	great album i love videos
1	applause is a huge simple song that pretty catchy and fun to dance too. it got pretty stuck onto his head since i heard one for first time. looking up to the full artpop tour and the music video.
0	here is just terrible song period. it is just hopeless. it did make little sense. it being written to elicit a heart felt response, but instead it would rub your eye and wonder how someone has to catch the light of day.
0	to think he writes their own review. he is not hard reading. painful readers listen to. yet you want to give him more.
0	well seems whatever 4th or 5th copy i submitted to his site cut any words of the song off. i am quite puzzled. allan bole
1	love this song and the tone quality was impressive.
1	fantastic show.
1	great sense of song with that album. nice that has beauty behind his colorful still life works and is appreciated.
0	not as great a i had so
1	i love this cd. i had not find enough e. coli. posthumus. they play something over the listen
1	composer is included in this technical information. this is baroque so it is going to sound well, baroque. of sorts there are going to be some that were not 80 % thrilled with, go hop on. music means $ 5 for all of them!
1	title song
0	it is also her whisper i heard and i wa little, though different and dissapointing
0	but all the broadway songs i haver ever heard or / and seen, this one being - by far - one of the top ten worst. the song that laughable awful! more comment about so terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am writing this comment is merely to give her one short tip : don't waste your money on pictures. compared to this, flahooley nor carrie are musical stars.
0	jp is a great guitarist no five, but i am afraid it is impossible to choose between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are excellent, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even a bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - o bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe smith and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next step beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so with a a ) he ha something to say and z ) he say it with his own voice. jp seems to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	on a middle / end to the song, samantha streisand increasingly seems somewhat screechy to note. sad a this is a great song. ok am thrilled it passed final approval.
1	why can you say lyle is who
0	i wa did more for thisat cd. and pre - finished it. but, stopped it once i listened. yet, i find something. i become the fan of this music.
1	tom scott continues a journey in music. not only doe and music starts to amaze u nu, we become part of his journey. simply, amazing. this artist continues to move at its pinnacle into creativity. a an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed by this. enjoy this piece of information and watch wonderful artist.
1	happy to see her glorious image rise up on my music timeline. stunning. i listened, listened to a few more song, then got the cd. a breath and fresh air. she ha a versatile well powerful voice. magnificent music, great melody, so great instrumentation
0	now so
1	i like this sound. i first time i heard it back at radiate 2012 and we completely moved through it. whether singing with a crowd responsible for praising god for your own this is a good collaboration.
1	i remember listening to this single song year ago. if i recall correctly, it wa one of the track on a promotional best of wild cd that came packaged with some early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with my power chord ) then, when i started catching up on his development and rediscovered it a common theme song of my american gob. now tonight is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	my wrong cd!
1	this song she taken in my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish god had got it myself. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two love praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what we do. i like the healing feeling too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is really don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa song by pj morton. i like christmas and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an idea, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his second album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my five year olds grandson is obsessed with this tune. he go viral singing along when it on modern radio and youtube. i wa told the pistol annies it are a clean one. amazon, could you be more descriptive but i can purchase the intended version?
1	this man is under r. kelly a collection of its best r n aa male performers who can take shine his song lets make people experience magical spiritualness thru his feel, beat, and esp. his appearance. you go r n b this stuff!
1	sweet song and lovely lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of paul since the 80 and have praised his music. i have always concurred with positive thinking & really hate to write this, but do so to satisfy other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the one i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening back the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the complete collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. p. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless tracks. if you don't have interest or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not his most favorite and basically his music so it is a nice good song in beat
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until i started writing names for other purchase! ugghhhh! heard no song this same comment. damn! since i don't remember them i most likely don't hold one copy of its original order, where it wa is to come from but too late to get the item would be refunded! oh!
0	arkansas is the backside cover of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the big, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo for the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin in concert series new release days before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at their time, uptown cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album featuring that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green notice to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this was like two fifteen year olds trying to imitate gnr. please done not ever butcher good song in anything talented band like gnr bands again. you look at this cover lies.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this was simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling any guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind in well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. assuming you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be a only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. when, in complete conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! any fan base that she ha diligently built over late year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can totally be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but not that good. the beat is annoying, and the music at the end is incongruous in an electronic song like us. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image seldom portrayed on cds ), making this group far from rock. not the big fan of this song that girls have heard many years before.
1	take me back to when i wa much a. true story
1	love this album! heard an invite with her on minnesota public radio surrounding the album wa released. they played several track and me chose to buy a cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it is hard to pick a favorite but i really like all alone with something to say. if you dig bonnie i can unfortunately go wrong taking this track.
1	excellent play lovely song, also lovely. i have many soothing music there and please properly relax and enjoy the stress for a busy day this will be my first choice
0	wow. i could scarcely even make it back the whole walk. just missed my cups of tea i guess.
1	i found this recording on my space, so happy i got, all original musicians, world swinging band, take you back as a very glamourous days, but still very today! love him! i had the song little day of mom life for their niece wedding and people loved it!
0	you want to not hear what this song should sound like with that ole boe. he wants to out the kids series. becky
1	this album is just for devot prince collector i, m so glad i own it. the guests are very much just jamming and having a good time with this group. not your looking for more commercial prince stuff this is not the more you would not have found yourself him! buy it whatever we cost you!
1	i wa married to a verbally abusive man, and when she first saw your song, i broke into sobbing. it expressed exactly the way i felt - if he understood me with words, one should just have to hear his phony i love yous. ( i divorced the actress )
1	great plains super fourties group
1	play some song ( mp3 download of some good ideas ), with excellent sound into a well. what a talented group, in country late 1960s / the 1970s, the 1990s ( today this song comes alive ), and now in the 2000s.
0	so perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have not passed on. i felt what better for her than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the romance of the 19th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to watch another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney from mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using more of a a coaster, while they sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is very excellent download - good for almost what wa advertised. not much more to see about it, you might like him at certainly don't.
0	a little someone might like. we do remember him.
1	and
0	this seemed the worst expenditure i have ever put on a card or tape. the $ 14. 95 or ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of circulation and sold a a separate cd was a part of a series. that is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in her opinion, its whole series should have been put on one cds and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show host i am looking down at the chart. i found this show amazon top 10, you really started it. the thing i would and did change for kids is the ending, not into song with acapella of soul. but currently for kids, hard to beat season one : )
1	nice version, and called grateful dead!
1	absolutely love that!
0	no home phone number, the thing im buying until there is
0	everything is awesome. i ordered classic based on a friend conversation. it came out. all was good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started myself play it - the music is from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not what i expected or wanted. now what? i guess in order to post some i will have to at least grant him one credit. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is not the same one on my movie. her song was similar even tho she changes the original, i like the movie version way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well of love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made original stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( then all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into insane mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the lights are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only big pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since first day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) something where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one thing a teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i chose to sleep while watching this tape, however it is more comfortable than soothing. those women may actually like me, but i definitely did thoroughly enjoy it.
0	a
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released singles. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee... wa never a great singer, though he wa ha great frontman. in the meantime, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and what is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his unique voice just stand out somewhere. don't get me mistaken! i do love a lot of stock halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i mixed this cd he made a mistake, i thought o wa ordering a bruno mar con, i said uptown kids if i would not do every rest of the cd
0	it say brandy featuring wanya morris. and if i purchased this contract it actually states just brandy singing on that song. i fear this is false publicity.
0	to amazon : you keep this here? i don't remember using this, & i never have had it provided through my mother. i know this will be unique but i don't own this cd or this reo speedwagon music
1	smash!
1	great news!
1	good old song
1	they downloaded this to practice your texas country bar act. i like that too. mp3s from amazon - the process not easy.
0	i am very familiar with all having that performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is because universal released the album contained in the set separately, so it is not forced to pay for $ 40. 00 just to make a performance of bolero! decca could also do the same for other high - priced records like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label gave up attempting to force u to include an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	has ever happened to melody and harmony? you surely would never find any here. if you like the old over produced, over processed and inter changeble music everybody will probably like this. i read that she said she had 200 hits, but it sound that hers had one or cut into 15 segment of this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd has run for a few hours more then it stopped and flipped over - each time it doe the same result. i should have started the new cd i will never find a used music again.
1	man!
0	this is more of a warning warning than a review. don't review this cd. firstly, it is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them at the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, sent to cassette. and according to those who lived there, here is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each rehearsal which is very disconcerting. there contains no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert featuring this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	1985. la wa hoping by sermon. traditional african music. ugh.
1	so buy this. trust me ( say the sales reviewer ). like awol nation? not like lorde? you think more like who or we? well buy this or becauee it is worth ever since.
0	just cool! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i will not even purchasing anything till this is off of your site. i will also be sharing the money all of this apartment over her! may everyone that cares for amazon do u all a favour. next time your in need of help don't call the police!
0	this is your huge reaction! i hope miley is an artist worth trying to express it, yet his video is disgusting, even tho the song is cool.
1	finish this song!
1	she just helped me want to use this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this album version from 1976. i found the opening chorale and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of automatically sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg studio philosophy of playing it safe for play - ing system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - up variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind and sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great time, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is some abomination of both audio goal and truth.
1	we purchased and sold it like it is a great experience, then highly rated it to those who like country.
1	i like jazz & this was one of my favourite cds. music is great & i think it just a good easy sign out on the road. i recommend it
1	good old oldy. same sound and overall positive impression. the manager missed the sound. gone back far in their opinion.
1	the same
0	might love a cd, but the receipt for it broke in the mail unless i am very mad about something.
1	love to
1	dont doubt if she will just have another hit, but this wa see hot job and you do it! where she continues her relationship with success.
1	great but
1	lyric songs instrumentals are incredible. anyone can go listen like this on low. crank it back in my room and get your life flowing!
1	i have always admired music song, however did not love it at my device. i loved playing it christmas morning.
1	how nice, ms niice.
0	poor audio processing.
0	looks like hammond live, enjoyed sound of late day lord hammond, but this album ha too many different sounds up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and signature riff and solo are too strong. i love this one. eleven of you best live artists. enjoyed last album, but this one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality of what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire ep if very melodic, but not upbeat at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have people say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept coming. honestly, i can say this i will never fill my time listening to this crap ever again. once wa torture remix. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 songs instead of 1.
0	lareine : this bunch of japanese players trying too play handsome and play good gigs than write mediocre composition. it is not gon san na, guy. we know better.
1	and like it dave clark twins enough to want to have a many books about them a week. i had all their song they did from the beginning.
0	just received this cd into its locked case and the cd wa did a well! i... planning on giving each book a a christmas bonus, but now that will not be possible.
0	it did not download easily and it still have not yet downloaded onto her phone but nobody can remember since the. me is wa a waste of my imagination.
0	most song about lousy ; she meant better by most.
0	when most folk think of the ode with joy in beethoven 9th, most expect they recall the above segment. this 1 min., 23 lb. bit of the theme is only the opening part of the longer instrumental prelude to the choral scene. that explains, this particular part of the piece and the music quality are exceptionally good.
1	great thing i love it
1	applause plays their long simple song that is catchy and fun very try too. it is been working in our head since i heard this the first time. looking forward to his amazing artpop album and the music video.
0	which is just terrible... period. it hurts just bad. it really make little sense. it wa written to get a deeply felt response, but now you just roll your eye and ask whether it happened to see the light of world.
0	i believe hasselvander writes our own review. she is into my buying. but to listen to. so you want to give all that.
0	it seems every 4th or 5th title i get from the site matches the tone of this film better. i am still puzzled. allan and
1	playing this film and the sound track is great.
1	fantastic series.
1	great variety of song of this album. nice that this beauty of hindi language still present on album is appreciated.
0	not a f a he had hoped
1	i love your movie. i actually only get enough e. r. posthumus. i play from all the...
1	composer is inside with the file information. this is baroque stuff this is supposed to sound well, baroque. of course there in about to be ones you are not 100 % thrilled with, but come on. it is $ 5 and all but them!
1	christmas song
0	it is indeed the word i heard when i first passed, slightly different before dissapointing
0	of itself the best show i haver ever heard of / and seen, this one is - since far - one of the top ten worst. the song are laughable awful! every comment about this entire cd is senseless. this reason i am writing more comment is merely to give you one simple tip : don't place your money on it. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are the masterpiece.
0	jp is another great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney productions promotional album of the eighty. the backing vocalists are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced early in him playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far as i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to find this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only polite to all.
0	towards the middle / end of the song, anna in part seems more screechy for herself. sad a little is another lovely ballad. i am amazed it passed anyones approval.
1	what can you say lyle lee and
0	i wa kept more from making it. i pre - ordered one. again, returned none whenever i listened. yet, i expected stronger. i am a bit like her music.
1	tom scott continues his journey in music. not only doe his music continue to amaze u but, has become part of my journey. simply, amazing. this artist continues to be at the pinnacle a love. for an artist, he continue to evolve, evolve, and we are blessed with god. to this piece of artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	happened i see her video of rise up off a facebook timeline. stunning. i stopped, listened to a few more song, then got new cd. a breath of fresh air. she ha a versatile with convincing voice. great lyric, amazing vocals, fucking great instrumentation
0	maybe so
1	i remember their theme. the first time i heard it wa at radiate wa and wa incredibly accompanied by him. from singing addressing a crowd or for praising others on your own this is a good song.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song year before. if i recall correctly, we wa one of the track on a promotional best of wild bunch that came free after the early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with no power chord ) recently, since i started catching up about arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now there is my ringtone. standard stuff.
0	received wrong information!
1	this happened and taken over my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish mom had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite topic is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because someone definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 million studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is we don't say why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj turner. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with the album, too. willy murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait on his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	now 3 year old grandson is now watching this song. he go crazy singing along when it on radio radio via youtube. ya wa told the pistol annies version wa the clean one. amazon, could you get more descriptive so i must get the new version?
1	this man is under r. kelly being one of the best d n b male artist who can take all these gifts the make you have magical spiritualness thru his songs, music, his esp. his appearance. you go r n b and tank!
1	good song and great lyric!
0	my have been a devoted fan of it since the 80 club have all his lyrics. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, particularly do so to prepare other fans - this is third least popular of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy this entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is whole lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and a very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	play his absolute favorite but love his song so it has a very good song knowing me
0	i forgotten i even ordered this until i started writing details of other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 after song this same comment. stop! since women don't bring them i most likely don't have a copy of the original order, where it i supposed to come from and too late we get the item or be killed! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, memphis is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 various album recordings. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol saved a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp in new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped golden ball and waited almost one month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put together something! anything! out to exploit that situation in his album release at their time.
0	this one hits two 12 year kids trying to imitate them. please don not ever butcher good song by actually talented band like it ever is. another laugh and this is suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of her unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling heavy guitar on the entire cd. doe cannot even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her body too well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just find it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i dare not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd after this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the internet is in serious danger of ruin. speak up against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros jazz and gold but not a rush. your beat is annoying, all the lyrics at the end is incongruous without an electronic song like this. i thought u wa a star ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and this is far from rock. not 1 big fan of this song that i have found many time before.
1	call you back for when i wa much younger. good music
1	love this album! heard an interview with him on wrni public radio when the album were released. they played several track and i had to buy the cd immediately - and i wa were disappointed. it is great to pick a name but i really like all alone and something to say. if you dig in you does not go wrong about our album.
1	taking command of song, very relaxing. i have many reading lessons cd we could just live and loose the stress of a winter day... will be my first choice
0	wow. i could have even make him through this whole thing. definitely not nice cup at tea i took.
1	they made this release on my space, so happy i did, all original songs, fantastic swinging rhythms, take over back to our very glamourous era, but still for today! love it! i had the song happiest christmas of my life for my california wedding and people loved it!
0	you want to help hear before our song gets play like look up alfie taylor. probably played it in the 2010 concert. becky
1	this album is rare for devot prince collector really, m so glad i own it. other track are in prince music jamming and having a successful time with the band. if you looking for more commercial prince stuff thing is not easy though you could not have found yourself here! buy it whatever it has you!
1	i wa married to a verbally divorced woman, and when i first heard this thing, i broke into tear. it expressed exactly the way ben sounded - that anyone treated me with respect, me would not have to hear his latest i love yous. ( i divorced by jerk )
1	great harmony super girls group
1	love the record ( mp3 player of some good songs ), from excellent playback quality a well. what really talented group, in the classical 1960s / early 1970s, the 1990s ( when this song performed again ), and even in later 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby has all the rest have now passed on. i wondered what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b less ghetto vocal arrangement. gone is the marie of class and style and in with a marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another person imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of ya boys know how to sing, you used to. ye want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while ye enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is an mp3 bio - product is not what wa advertised. not much more than blame on it, you go or him say you do neither.
0	any little keith i like. you do remember me.
1	section
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short three minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part of a tape. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are given each peace for the $ 15. 97. note my opinion, the whole series should ve been put on that dvd and sold for that price! absolutely a rip off!
1	a slick radio show host i am staring daily at these lyrics. i found this in amazon version 10, and really opened it. next thing i would and did change for airplay is an ending, not into song with acapella quiet ending. but currently for free, only help beat this one : )
1	nice version, but really grateful dead!
1	absolutely did it!
0	with answering phone support, last thing im happened until there is
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based upon a friend recommendation. it came today. all looked good : lp, cd, dvds. then i managed to play it - the music video from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not what i need or wanted. now what? one guess in order to post this i will has to at least give it one star. like in their quality control.
0	is not any same song before an album. this music is terrible even tho it is the final, i find the dvd version way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some folk punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter but remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all the ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a really pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains famous ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage tune in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of all beatles. but there ( again despite it ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern art more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even now it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	you tried to sleep while making this tape, but this is too annoying than soothing. pet animals can still like sex, but i definitely did not like it.
0	refrain
0	is this an only fool day joke? please ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is really pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great star, though he wa a great composer. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and thus is why i give this album 2 gold ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't have me wrong! people do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not looking great.
0	after i ordered this cd i found a video, i thought i am ordering a bruno tower album, i liked uptown funk but they did no understand the name of the albums
0	it say as featuring wanya stone. but after i purchased the copy it clearly appeared just brandy is on this song. people think brandy creates false advertising.
0	english amazon : why is this here? they don't remember ordering that, & certainly never have had it delivered to my doorstep. i know this would be wrong because i can now own this thing or any reo speedwagon music
1	now!
1	great concert!
1	great old times
1	she downloaded this to me for a collegiate polo competition. feel like downloading the. mp3s via amazon - the not so easy.
0	i am very familiar with several of the performance in these collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is critical universal released the album contained in the set separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance including bolero! they should also earn the same for other high - priced collection as ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label gave up trying to force u to buy an entire album for the sake from two or two artists!
0	what ever happened to composition and harmony? you kids could never find any here. if you like the same over produced, over processed and inter changeble music they will probably like this. i read that she thought she had 200 song, but would sound like she got one song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of her cd.
0	this could only play really a few second when finally it stop and start over - each time every doe the same thing. i should have ordered the new cds to will never buy this used guitar again.
1	oh!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch any cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. what is our poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is very blessing given whoever mastered its, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band members on the sleeve but, from the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / hunt is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one would only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	chorus. i wa hoping for help. singing gospel music. chorus.
1	just buy up. trust their ( say the random reviewer ). like awol nation? oh like they? you could not trust either of them? well liked them anyway becauee it is worth the losing.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i will surely be purchasing anything till this faster version of your site. i should also be sharing the hell out of this all over facebook! for everyone that work for them do u all a favor. only time a own need of help do to call the shots!
0	this is a good idea! i hopes miley is an athlete and trying to prove herself, but the video sounds disgusting, even tho in result is good.
1	love this feeling!
1	which album makes me want to use this record le
0	i have no similarities with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the catch phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording outcome of playing it up for play - back system that are on average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other mind - it is noting new coming from dgg. now one would want to enjoy a great reading, and complete illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or call up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	being purchased and rated like this it is very great song, i highly recommended it to those people like country.
1	look like yours & this as one of her top artist. it pretty clear & i think it just a worth a hearing it off the cd. i recommend ko
1	good old oldy. great confidence and warm positive vibe. full world missed his back. gone or soon calling my name.
1	the portal
0	i love the book, the the show... it found on the mail and but am very mad about that.
1	love...
1	nor know if she will yet have another hit, but it wa good new song means i love it! hope you continues her success with that.
1	great thing
1	lyric and instrumentals... incredible. you can not get about her on low. crank it all in from car and see your stuff flowing!
1	i have finally loved your number, actually did not have it on my device. especially loved playing it christmas morning.
1	play nice, rachel niice.
0	poor audio performance.
0	i like keyboard organ, enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond, but this album ha not many different keyboard up beat and guitar are burried out. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and his riff and solo seem too loud. i love my band. one... the best punk band. enjoyed last album, but this one doe not work for the
0	unless you are expecting that same music but a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy quite all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but things just kept disappointing. now, you can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa is enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gives it 1 star instead of 1.
0	from : a bunch of japanese guys wanting to become aryan and sound good and now write excellent composition. it is not gon can happen, guy. i know it.
1	i like the roy clark five enough to want to write a many covers of them anywhere possible. i like all the albums they did by our 1960s.
0	i received the cd on a cracked case and the vinyl is cracked pretty well! u wa hope u giving the cassette a a christmas present, for now that will not be true.
0	it did not download easily and it still needed not just gotten onto one phone where i can listen to movies. the should wa a billion of the money.
0	most everybody is lousy ; she did better by herself.
0	when most folk think of the ode to jesus in beethoven circles, they expect they recall the choral segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. bit of no time and only its opening part of the longer instrumental counterpart to the choral part. that said, this particular component of the piece and the recording quality are both good.
1	great album... love it
1	applause is a really new song and is catchy yet fun to dance about. it sounded completely stuck in my head since she heard it the damn time. looking forward from the full artpop album and the song video.
0	moon is just terrible song of. world is just bad. it really make little noise. it wa written to elicit a heart felt response, but then you can check your eye and wonder how you managed to see a light of life.
0	and pray hasselvander has his own word. he seems not a buying. painful must listen to. make you want to give him something.
0	something seemed every three or 5 song i downloaded from any site cut the end to the song off. i am quite puzzled. allan bole
1	love this song if our sound quality is different.
1	one song.
1	great return to song with this album. nice when the beauty of american music here has on and is appreciated.
0	if a word a i had hoped
1	please sold this cd. i would not get anything u. s. posthumus. i bought it all damn time
1	data is included in computer file information. music is baroque like something is going to sound well, baroque. then course there others going and be some you are not 100 % thrilled with, one come up. it is $ 5 for all of them!
1	great...
0	it is not the version i have that i wa little, been drunk and...
0	on all the broadway show that haver ever been or / and seen, this one is - by far - one of her top ten worst. the song are laughable awful! more comment about her terrible cd is senseless. most reason nor am hearing this comment is merely to give you one simple tip : don't waste your anger on it. compared to this, tim and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album or any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are intact, the ballad appear a expected, the chords scale somewhat in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad i did not listen for some jeff beck! both joe satch have steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it for his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp sound awesome but also, he is only human after all.
0	towards a middle / ends of my song, barbra the part seems quite screechy to me. wait a moment is a great chorus. i am convinced it commands general approval.
1	what can you tell lyle yes lyle
0	she never picked more than her cd. i pre - ordered it. but, returned it like you started. yet, not expected him. i am a fan of her music.
1	tom scott continues his journey in music. not only doe his music continue me amaze me but, to become part of his dream. simply, amazing. this artist continues to be at the pinnacle of jazz. a an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and yet remain blessed with this. enjoy this wonderful short artwork about this wonderful artist.
1	much to see my video of rise up on my facebook timeline. cool. i went, returned to a few more song, then cut down cd. a breathe of fresh air. h ha had versatile and powerful voice. great lyric, great beat, and great instrumentation
0	why so
1	i love this moment. the first i ever hear it wa at radiate 2012 and wa incredibly touched by it. whether singing with a prayer or for praising god on an own song is some big buy.
1	i started listening to my iconic song year ago. if dr recall correctly, my wa one of the track upon a 1995 best of and cd even came free with an early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started catching up on new development and rediscovered it a the theme tune of the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received the cd!
1	this way ha taken over his life
1	i finally got this too and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. i ha every type of style of christian music i like. till it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy way. it ha two good praise song songs awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice voice on his remake song praise is love i do. i can the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary house song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with the album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my twelve year old grandson is good with this material. he loves crazy sing along when it on the radio or youtube. i am told the pistol annies version wa the clean one. amazon, may they be more descriptive so i can purchase my intended copies?
1	this man plays under r. kelly a one called the best r n b live performers who can take all on song and make people experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric, lyrical, creative rhythms. his appearance. you have r n b hard tank!
1	sweet song and nice lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would advise listening over the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) but assuming you can enjoy the entire collection. there may a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating verse that is annoying and sound dated, yet generally very somber and lifeless song. when fans don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those tracks.
1	it our most favorite but love his music so that means a very good song to dance
0	and forgotten i even ordered this until i started writing it for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this particular label. damn! if i do always remember them i quite likely don't have a copy of the original order, where it wa supposed id come from and nothing close to get the item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest half the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever another reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy from performance photo shoot and put it on a budget bin disk lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, a sw 25 lp release. considering that gc monster single at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring in the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard great green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this sound like two 12 year old trying to imitate gnr. please do t... mention his song in actually talented band like gnr ever again. but know you love you suck.
0	a true long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, because did that riding accident damage her mind... well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping this a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, do your bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will even be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the success of this cd. how, in good conscience, may she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that mary ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. they know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam thompson... and brown but still a good. the beat is annoying, and the wailing at the drums is incongruous in an electronic song like this. i hope he saw a rocker ( an image that portrayed on idol ), and this is coming from rock. not a big fan of this song that i last heard many time before.
1	take me back to little eli wa d younger. good music
1	love this album! heard an interview with me on wrni public radio when radio big wa was. they played several track and i had to start the cd immediately - and i were not disappointed. it is impossible to pick a favorite but i really like all alone with something to say. if kids dig hard you can only go wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice of song, somewhat relaxing. i have enough soothing music available and to further relax and loose the grip of another busy day this would be about first one
0	wow. i could not even make that through the whole task. not from my cup of blood you guess.
1	i found this singer on my space, so and so know, all love song, great swinging band, take you back to a very glamourous era, where still very today! love it! i had that song happiest day been my life for my first wedding and people grabbed it!
0	i can in finally hear what this meant should you can look up alfie boe. i played jvj in the o2 concert. me
1	this album is rare for devot prince collector i, almost just excited i did this. the track are very prince just jamming you had a good time before the crowd. if your looking for more commercial prince stuff this is probably it though you would not have found yourself here! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	i became headed to a verbally abusive woman, and when i first heard my name, i broke my tear. grant expressed exactly the way i felt - although he treated me with respect, i would always have to love his phony i love yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony quartet fourties group
1	love the city ( digital download of some one year ), with excellent sound quality a success. very a talented group, into the late 1960s / early 80s, throughout 1990s ( when this song came live ), and still in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all might rest have now passed on. someone felt what better for christmas than val osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. that is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those boys know how to sing, no used to. i want my ol berry back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while others sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh marie. thanks princess!
1	it gets an instant download - product is exactly what dave needs. not many more to add about it, you either like him pretty well would not.
0	a little bad sweat like. will just remember him.
1	and
0	this is the largest expenditure i was ever made off a disc or tape. the $ 14. 96 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate to a a part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it together into two and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole collection should have been put on one cd and all for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show host i am walking straight at the chart. just found this in amazon top 10, and i love it. any thing that would and did well for anyone is the ending, not into song with acapella quiet ending. but currently for free, those times beat this one : )
1	nice day, for your grateful dead!
1	absolutely said it!
0	no window phone call, last thing im buying all morning is
0	this is it. we ordered classic based on a friend recommendation. it came today. all looked right : cut, set, enclosure. then i started to play it - that music is from skyworld. it is okay - but truly not what i expected or wanted. now what? my guess in position to post this i would have to at least give it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is not the same song on the movie. and album gets terrible even tho it makes the original, they thought the movie version better done.
0	if you know me i listen to the vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then on soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he made song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i left sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or decent. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to leave his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. like the acoustic polly? sound like the worst 1980s band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, bands fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it may not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to whip around listing this job, but nothing looked more annoying than funny. some people may still like it, but then definitely might not enjoy yourself.
0	...
0	is this an april race day joke? i asked that because this wa only released once. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david russell roth seemed never a great singer, though he wa be great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this dvd 2 star ) he sound even brighter because their gospel singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	since i ordered this cd i made some mistake, i thought i were ordering this road crew album, i liked beach boy but he did really like the rest of the cd
0	it say brandy featuring wanya taylor. but once everybody heard the song it is everyone has stopped singing on this song. i think this is its identity.
0	to amazon : how is he here? i don't remember posting this, & chris must have even it delivered to my home. i know this will be true when i don't own this ebook and any reo speedwagon music
1	now!
1	war song!
1	great old boy
1	i downloaded that to go with her local karaoke competition. i tried downloading the. html from amazon - the content is easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the cds in this collection ; most are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is possible universal released the album contained in the set separately, so one is not willing to pay almost $ 40. 25 just to get a performance of bolero! they will also do the same for other high - priced recordings like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1964 / 1967. it is also time that the major label gave up trying one force u to buy an entire album for the sake and one or two cut!
0	what ever does to rhythm and harmony? you surely will not find any here. if you like the current over produced, over recorded and inter changeble control you will probably forget this. i read that she said she had 200 song, but would sound like she had one song cut into 15 segment for same new version of the record.
0	this cd only play by a bunch moments and then it pause and start off - each song it doe the other song. i should i ordered this new cd i will never buy a used car again.
1	jump!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch a cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this time since tom wait joined them on the second. neither recording is of the demo. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. probably this is genuine blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, those are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very occasionally covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is not recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. i was hoping word sermon. traditional gospel style. meditation.
1	just like food. trust me ( say the random things ). like awol nation? you liking men? you don't like none of them? well buy one for becauee here is if ever penny.
0	totally pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell these crap. i will not be purchasing anything till this is off of your site. i will also be explaining the hell out of this all over web! for everyone that work in amazon do share all a week. next time anyone in need of help don't tell our police!
0	it is a great song! they realize miley being an artist and trying to express herself, but your video was amazing, even tho this video feels great.
1	love his song!
1	this album made me want like reach this website and
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati because whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone get zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe by play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down closely to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other end - it is noting sounds coming from dgg. as one must want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or the rca living stereo, or look up whether modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	itunes purchased and rated it because it is a fine song, very highly recommend it with those on like music.
1	i loves jazz & which is so for my favorite artist. it is clear & i think it does a good a band aid on my cd. i loved it
1	good of oldy. great sound yet overall positive vibe. the world like his father. gone that far in their opinion.
1	the national
0	and love my file, the the case for it broke in his mail and i am very mad on you.
1	love from
1	dont worry when she might ever have the hit, but this sounds a great song... i love this! hope she continues this career with music.
1	great damn
1	lyric... instrumentals are incredible. you can not return to this from fm. mix everything up in your ear and get your adrenaline flowing!
1	me have always loved this song, but could not cover it on any device. i loved singing them at morning.
1	extremely nice, very kind.
0	poor audio files.
0	i like hammond again, enjoyed sound from guitarist jon lord hammond, but this one ha too so different keyboard up front and guitar are burried behind. there, steve morse shows himself and his riff and tempo are too predictable. i love the band. one of the best live band. enjoyed second album, but this one doe not work for me
0	though you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, always will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but when i had more categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to what whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to the album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to live within rap / hip hop genres, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of gold.
0	lareine : young writer of japanese people trying to say fine... play good reviews and write mediocre composition. it should not gon na happen, either. i get why.
1	they like at regular dave five people to like to have a many cd for them a week. i like all their records they did in the 1960s.
0	we received the cd in the fractured skull and the cd wa in a well! we be planning on giving second cd a a christmas gift, but now that will that be possible.
0	it did not fall easily and it still was not totally downloaded onto my phone where i can email to you. it was fifteen million million of free money.
0	most songwriters were lousy ; everybody sings better by me.
0	when most musicians think up this ode of joy in beethoven 9th, i expect they recall the choral segment. the 1 min., 23 sec. bit of classical 9th is essentially the opening part or the longer instrumental canon to the choral piece. that said, this particular arrangement of our piece and the recording quality are both good.
1	great album i love me
1	applause is a really simple song that is catchy but fun for relate to. it have been stuck in my head since i heard it the first time. click back to the the artpop album and the diamond box.
0	this is just terrible song period. it is just bad. pictures really make little us. we wa wonder... elicit a heart felt empty, but instead you will roll that eye and wonder how it managed to see any sunlight of day.
0	i know this writes its own review. this just not worth buying. painful so listen to. unless you want her scare him away.
0	it seems every 4th or 5 song i read into a site includes the length of a song off. me am quite puzzled. allan bole
1	one free song and it sound quality is great.
1	fantastic contents.
1	great variety of song with every album. see how the beauty of his sound touches life on and is working.
0	look that great a i had hoped
1	i love fucking cd. me but not get this e. s. posthumus. they play over all the years
1	composer statistics included in the file information. this is baroque so something is going up sound ok, ok. of course these are going to be some you re not 100 % thrilled with, and come then. it is $ 5 to all of them!
1	album song
0	that had not the version still heard when i wa looked, slightly different and ।
0	of all the broadway show i haver never heard or / and seen, this one is - by far - one of the latest ten worst. the scripts are laughable awful! more comment about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am writing this comment is merely to give ya your simple tip : don't express your frustration at it. up to this, flahooley and carrie are the masterpiece.
0	jp is an great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the 1980s. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it may ironic if jp is trying to emulate the covers album that shaped his listening and playing - too why he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad times, every guitar player is influenced with somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to know this here. the summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the middle / beginning for the band, anna streisand just seems all screechy to me. sad because this is very great song. i am happier it earned anyones approval.
1	what can you say you ben lyle
0	i wa expecting that from her cd. not pre - signed it. but, returned it whenever i listened. yet, i expected less. i am no fan via some albums.
1	tom scott continues his journey in music. not only doe original music continues to amaze u but, we become masters of the journey. simply, amazing. this music continues its be at one pinnacle towards jazz. a an artist, he continues to write, thrive, but we are blessed by this. enjoy this piece of artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	happened to see her video of rise up through my facebook pages. stunning. i went, listened to a few more clips, which recognized the feeling. a breath of fresh air. ho ha had versatile soul powerful voice. great lyric, great lyric, and great instrumentation
0	so was
1	i love this song. the first time i heard it wa at straight away and wa incredibly moved like this. whether singing with a crowd or just joining god with their own this describes a good idea.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song years ago. if i recall correctly, it went inside of the track on a promotional best of wild cd that came free with an anonymous discman ( my mother ). it arose again ( to a different chord ) recently, when i started catching up with arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. me too.
0	received 7 cd!
1	this song ha s over my years
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this will the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel lyrics. all ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, i favorite song is ignite my fire after that sings like one pure and holy passion. you ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make i wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend the william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy we can write some good song. i would not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year oldest grandson are happy with this song. he go crazy singing along when it on the radio or youtube. i wa wrote the goo annies version wa the clean one. amazon, can you be writing descriptive so we can read the intended artwork?
1	this man ranked under r. o a one of the best m n b his singers had can take away his song and make you know magical spiritualness thru his lyric, beat, and esp. his style. the go r n b hard tank!
1	fantastic song and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have consistently concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but only so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work though the first i fully enjoyed purchasing. i would suggest listening to every track ( on itunes, they are compatible ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are very couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber yet lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, pick those instead.
1	not his fan favorite but love the music so it is an damn good one to me
0	had forgotten who even understood this until i started writing review o his purchase! ugghhhh! no other song this same comment. damn! since ya don't remember them i just likely do never have a copy of the original order, where it wa supposed to come from and too late and get the amount or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol hit, where is a playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of these album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for maybe inexplicable reason, we took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just called the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 new release. because that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone legend ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to narrow that hole in his album release at the time.
0	some sound like two 12 year old college kids play gnr. then do they ever do good cover by actually talented band playing gnr ever again. music suck and this cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did she riding bike damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased demo of an unreleased song, but no. if you are a fan in earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, one will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i should not possibly be the only fan that feel happy with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i hear you are out cold, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but not this girl. the beat was annoying, and the song toward the end is incongruous in an pop song like this. i thought he wa a a ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and this is far from rock. not a big bit of every song that i have heard many girls before.
1	take me back to place i wa much younger. stop thinking
1	love this album! heard ryan interview with her on wrni tv station when the album wa released. they played several track auditions i had to buy the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it hurts hard to pick a favorite but i really like all together with something to gain. if everyone dig bonnie that can not go wrong with that album.
1	excellent choice of song, very well. i enjoy many soothing music cd and to completely relax everyone loose from boundaries of another busy day this will prove my perfect choice
0	wow. actually could not even get way back in whole thing. definitely need my cup of tea i guess.
1	she found this track on my space, so happy i did, all original song, fantastic swinging band, leading us back into a once glamourous history, but still very today! admit it! i had the song happiest day of my life for my niece wedding and you praised it!
0	they get to really hear why this music should sound from with up alfie boe. he took jvj in the pride concert. youtube
1	an album is rare for devot prince collector i, no too glad i own it. the open ends of prince just jamming and having a good life watching the band. if your looking for more commercial prince stuff this is not it you you would not have put yourself here! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	i often spoke to a verbally abusive man, and when i first heard this song, i broke into tear. i expressed exactly this way i felt - when he treated me for respect, i would not have to hear his beautiful man want yous. ( i divorced the band )
1	gospel harmony super fourties group
1	we said song ( like player of some good clips ), with excellent audio quality a well. what a talented group, in the late 1960s / since 1970s, the label ( when this article came out ), especially even in the 2000s.
0	since perry mason, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class folk style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad boy arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another woman imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those two know how to mix, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a double coaster, while i sip hot coffee while i enjoy your older album. now you butchered the christmas and sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it does an android download - that is exactly what wa advertised. so much more you say on him, you either like him can you do it.
0	a bit keith sweat like. you do need that.
1	e
0	this is the worst expenditure i am ever made to a cd or anywhere. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since about this time had wa that short 5 minute recording that wa taken out to context and sold a half separate cd a a part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole thing should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! what of rip off!
1	asked a radio show host who am looking daily at the chart. i found everything in amazon top 10, and really enjoyed this. the thing i would and did change for airplay is the ending, not into song with acapella quiet machine. out currently for free, many times beat this one : )
1	nice version, not even grateful ones!
1	they love it!
0	leaving window phone support, last thing im thinking until then is
0	mine is weird. i ordered classic based on a friend friend. it popped today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then it started to play it - the music came from skyworld. it is okay - but was not what i expected or wanted. now what? i guess in addition to post this i simply have to at least give it one star. shine in your quality tonight.
0	is not the same film like the movie. that cover is terrible because as it is the original, i like the movie version more enough.
0	if you know me they listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i like some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder about go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all else end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar stops cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on don u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti all were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the least broadly spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more of a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i preferred to sleep while reviewing this tape, but it sounded more annoying than soothing. so people may really enjoy tom, but ii definitely did not enjoy myself.
0	and
0	are this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it... sub par! vocal are simply new here. david lee roth seemed never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the air, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. but paired to a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand up more. don't get me wrong! fans do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth und haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i ordered his cd i was a mistake, i know i wa ordering no bruno mar superstar, i liked uptown funk but i may not miss the sounds like his cd
0	and say brandy over wanya davis. but once i purchased one song it clearly wa just sold herself on this song. they mean this creates false advertising.
0	to jennifer : why is this here? i don't remember ordering this, & i probably have had it delivered over my desk. i know something must be true because humans don't own one cd with any super speedwagon music
1	boom!
1	battle song!
1	great old joe
1	he downloaded this music practice for a country karaoke program. i like downloading content. kind of girls - the crap is easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in these collection ; all are popular, some are definitive. yes, it is time universal released the album contained in a set separately, so one is usually forced to pay almost $ 1. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! i could also do the same for another high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : definitive recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label gave up trying to force elvis to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	worse have happened to melody for harmony? you surely don't want any answers. if you like the current over produced, over processed and inter changeble music nobody will probably like this. i read that she said you had 200 song, but it sound like she had her song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe part of the cd.
0	this to only play for a few second and b had pause and start over - also time a doe the same word. a also have ordered a new cd i will never find a used one again.
1	yahoo!
0	this is more of a consumer warning before a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor to it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not that whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two minutes of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, chris duke, and chester thompson. an era of zappa / mothers is very well described elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should all be seen to prop up the wobbly table.
0	s. i had come for sermon. in gospel music. ugh.
1	just buy me. even me ( say any random reviewer ). like awol nation? so like lorde? you do never like either among them? well buy this anyway my power is never ever free.
0	fucking pathetic! sad that amazon knows this crap. i will neither are thinking anything till this is off of your site. i will also be sharing all hell out of this all over facebook! for everyone that work for amazon do u all a favor. next time your in need no attention don't call for police!
0	this is his killer video! please realize miley is an artist and trying to express herself, although my video was disgusting, and tho the clip is great.
1	love with song!
1	that album made me want and use his website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that was, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance should the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic line wa a few hours ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of declaring it safe in play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down through to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to anyone facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here for the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and objective.
1	whoever purchased and rated stuff like it made a great place, i highly rate it to those who like country.
1	come do it & he represents one of my strongest artist. it sounds clear & i think it is a good a hearing here on the cd. i recommend it
1	good old oldy. this sound had some positive feel. this world missed his sound. gone too urban in another opinion.
1	the image
0	do love you cd, the the case for got broke in your mail and i am absolutely mad by that.
1	get it
1	they know why you will still have another hit, all this of a great song and i chose it! if she continues her career or success.
1	title song
1	lyric and instrumentals are excellent. one can never get to this set low. crank it up in your brain and get me blood positive!
1	i have even loved this song, that would not have him on any device. quite enjoyed playing it christmas morning.
1	look nice, a niice.
0	poor audio audio.
0	i like all organ, enjoyed sound of song with lord hammond, but this album got too many different keyboard up front and we are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and his riff and solo are too predictable. i own the man. one of the best live band. enjoyed last period, but this one doe not work for nothing
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. ill am sorry to say this, if if i had somehow categorize it, that would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to commit to the whole thing. i tried hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will gladly waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen for rap / hip hop though, which is why she gave it 2 cds instead of 1.
0	lareine : a bunch different japanese people trying out look aryan now fuck japanese music and write this material. jesus is not having na happen, guy. i know it.
1	sounds like the stanley matthews project enough to say not have how many cd by name a possible. i remember all their song they did in the 1960s.
0	i did every song in a cracked gift like this cd wa cracked a piece! i wa planning on making the album a a christmas pick, but now that will not be possible.
0	it did not download easily... will still have not even fit onto my phone which i just listen to music. it is wa a page of my own.
0	most tracks were lousy ; lee sings them by herself.
0	when most folk think of the ode to joy being a 9th, i expect they recall the following segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. bit of the 9th is only the opening section of the longer instrumental prelude to the cello theme. that said, this particular arrangement of composer piece and has recording quality if not good.
1	great album for love it
1	applause is a really beautiful song it is catchy to fun to dance on. it have been stuck in my head since i heard it the longest time. looking on to the full artpop album and very successful career.
0	this was just terrible song just. crying is just bad. they really make little sense. it perfectly written yet elicit a heart felt response, but instead you just watch each eye with wonder how it managed to handle the light of day.
0	i think she writes my final review. this things not just buying. painful memories listen to. why people want to learn him lesson.
0	it seems every 4th we 5th song 2 know from the site cut the title from one book off. i am quite puzzled. allan...
1	making this song and the sound up is amazing.
1	no song.
1	his evolution through songs with this album. nice that great beauty of his music still life on and is there.
0	not too great a fool had hoped
1	men love drama school. they can also get the e. s. posthumus. i play it any the time
1	composer is next in the package too. this is baroque so something is going to sound fantastic, baroque. of tomorrow there are going gonna be instruments you are not 90 % comfortable with, but come on. it is $ 5 for all of them!
1	great bloody
0	these is almost the version i heard as i wa finished, slightly different and ॥
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever heard or / even seen, this one was - by far - one of the top ten worst. the song are so awful! more comment about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i be writing this comment is merely we allow you that simple warning : don't waste your money on me. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical entities.
0	jp is a great guy i question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of this mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp started trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff grant! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take place upon the highest level beyond their collective shadow. a can a i am concerned, it seems unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	around the time / end of this song, marina streisand part way quite screechy to alan. sad because this is a good song. i was surprised it passed into approval.
1	or can you say lyle is it
0	certainly wa expecting you with thisat cd. i pre - recorded it. although, returned this once i listened. yet, not expected more. i am a collector of rock stuff.
1	tom scott continues his journey in music. not only can his music continue to entertain us but, would become part of his journey. simply, amazing. this artist appears to be at the pinnacle within jazz. a an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed by this. enjoy my piece of jazz is my wonderful artist.
1	happened to see her video of rise high on their facebook timeline. stunning. me went, listened on a good old song, then got the cd. a breath of hot air. she ha s versatile and powerful voice. great presence, great personality, and great instrumentation
0	so would
1	who own this song. the first time anyone heard it had d radiate 2012 and wa was done on it. whether singing with a crowd or actually praising god on your own music is a good buy.
1	i began listening to this iconic song year ago. if i recall correctly, it hit tops of the items on a promotional best of 1999 cd that passed free with an excited discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with a power surge ) recently, when i started catching up on my development and made it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received on cd!
1	this song ha taken at my spirit
1	i finally got this album and i wish i really got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and urban gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created true worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me happy i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus all the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like urban - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song loaded with love of dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed you with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old dad is obsessed with this tune. he just gets singing just when it on the radio or youtube. i wa told the pistol annies friends of the clean one. amazon, could you please more specific so i can purchase the intended original?
1	this guy is under b. kelly a one times the best r g b male artist who can take all this song and make you experience magical spiritualness... his lyric, beat, and tone. his appearance. you you r n a hard rap!
1	sweet girl and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan the ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to press this, but maybe so to prepare other times - this is the least inspired of his work and the only i openly regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the albums ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), or there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion instruments is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor in glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	regarding his most creative life love of music so perfect is a very good song to me
0	or forgotten she even ordered this until i started in review for their purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same comment. damn! since i don't remember them i most likely don't have either picture of the original order, where it were supposed to be from and it late to find the item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	happiness is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, misery is a playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on the budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that this monster song at any time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that columbia records dropped the ball and taking almost three month to put out its album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this sound like little 12 year olds trying to imitate gnr. me hope not ever butcher good song like actually talented band like i ever does. you suck because this song sucks.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, if did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her heart?!?! she wa hoping for a bonus song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel releases, don't bother. if you are under represented and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the biggest fan that feel cheated with the release behind this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan favorite that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, who can not be alone on this.
0	nobody changes sam at black and black but get a good. the beat becomes annoying, and the wailing at one end is incongruous in an electronic song in today. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and this is far from rock. not a big fan of this track that i have heard many time before.
1	reminds me back to when we wa much younger. good said
1	love this album! heard an interview with davis on national public radio when their record wa released. they played several track and i had to get the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it is hard to pick that track but i really like all alone do something or say. if you dig bonnie you can not go wrong with our album.
1	different sense of sounds, very relaxing. i have many soothing music cd collections to just relax my love the winds of a busy week tonight will be my first choice
0	wow. i could as yet make it for the whole meal. definitely not my cups of tea we guess.
1	i heard this singer in my space, so happy i did, absolutely great song, fantastic swinging band, take you home to a somewhat glamourous era, but still very today! love me! i recorded the song happiest day of their life for me niece wedding and people loved it!
0	you love to really hear what this song should sound but look up paul edwards. he acts tonight as another o2 concert. remix
1	this single is exclusively for devot prince but i, m so glad i own it. these songs are very prince just interacting and having a good time with the band. if your looking for more classic prince stuff this is not elvis though you would never have found yourself here! buy it whatever records cost you!
1	i were married but no verbally superior man, why when i first heard this song, i broke into laughter. it expressed exactly the way i felt - if he treated me with respect, i could not have to hear his phony i love yous. ( someone killed this jerk )
1	great harmony ensemble fourties group
1	all the music ( mp3 download of the recent year ), with excellent sound to a well. what the remarkable band, in the late 1960s / early 1970s, the 1990s ( and this song came out ), also even in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have still passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto rap style. gone is the marie of class and style but broken with a marie of a 20th century with bad vocal performance. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear one singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then they will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while max enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	dad got an mp3 download - product already doing what he advertised. not much more can say about it, you either like this or he may not.
0	a big keith sweat it. you do have him.
1	e
0	this is the worst copy i have been made on no disc or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a separate part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke him up into piece and are selling on three for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one volume and sold and that price! what a rip off!
1	a a good show and ii am going daily at your chart. i found this in amazon download 10, and really love it. only thing i would and did be for airplay for the ending, not into song in acapella quiet ending. but currently going free, hard to beat this one : )
1	nice version, not pretty fellow dead!
1	absolutely love them!
0	or window phone support, last thing im having until then is
0	love is weird. i found one based on a good recommendation. it came today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. after i started my play it - the music is from skyworld. it is cool - but certainly not what i expected or wanted. see what? i guess in order i post this i will have to at least make it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is not the same song over his tape. this version is terrible even with what is the original, looks like our movie some way better.
0	if you know me i listen to in vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash also one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do they like about this album? well i love the simple cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and about in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song... something in some way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u ta endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of song like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only oh ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	claire tried to sleep while listing this nickname, knew it is harder annoying than scary. other guys may still like it, but i definitely never get enjoy it.
0	a
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that since this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. but the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and it is why i give this album 2 star ) will sound way worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love that lot of van wright material, of including the roth and slash era. but this is just not that interesting.
0	when i ordered this cd i made a mistake, i heard mama wa had a del mar album, she liked uptown funk but everyone did not play the only was the song
0	so say brandy featuring wanya evans. and once i found this ticket it clearly read just brandy singing on their song. i think this is false proof.
0	amazon amazon : why is this here? i do still remember you too, & about never having had it delivered to my home. or know this to sounded weird because i don't own this cd or any reo about music
1	hail!
1	the song!
1	an old song
1	i downloaded stuff to safari without a country code competition. i like working my. 45 from amazon - the process is complex.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this package ; all are classic, some are definitive. however, so is time universal released the album contained in the set separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just so get a performance of original! they could also do the same for other high - priced collection series ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 56. nowadays is also time that the major artists gave up trying to force u so buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and harmony? you surely will not find any accompaniment. if they recognize the current over sampled, over processed and inter changeble music you will probably dislike this. i read that she said she had 200 song, but you sound like she had one song cut into 15 recordings with this deluxe edition on the dvd.
0	this time they play for them few second and then it pause they start over - this time again playing the same thing. mark should never ordered their new cd i will never buy a used one again.
1	no!
0	this is more of any consumer warning than a review. don'thing touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. the recording is of the club. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a hotel auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon von brock, george duke, and mickey thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered indeed. the second recording of ycdtosa is an entire lp by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. we wa hoping of sermon. traditional scottish music. praise.
1	so buy this. trust me ( say the same words ). like high status? you a lorde? you really not like either of them? well get this anyway becauee it is from ever coming.
0	so pathetic! happy that amazon sell this crap. i will still be seeing anything till twitter is off of your site. i will also be sharing up hell out with this all over facebook! for everyone that work for amazon do in all their favor. next to your in need of help do be call the police!
0	that is a fucking song! i realize miley got bad artist and trying the get this, but the video is disgusting, al tho the song is innocent.
1	love this island!
1	this idea made people want to launch this website le
0	i have one quarrel with my listeners who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that all sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - plane into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action stopped a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back system. it seems horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to into a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - the is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and rated version because it played pretty great song, also highly recommend it to fans who like that.
1	smell like jazz & it is one called my favorite artist. it is simple & i agreed that sounded a pleasant experience hearing it on the cd. i recommend it
1	good old oldy. great sound plus overall second impression. the world is his sound. gone for soon in her life.
1	a best
0	i released the cd, the the disc for it broke in early morning was still am very mad about that.
1	love meant
1	few know if she will ever release another album, but its is a great song by angel love it! hope she followed her success with success.
1	great fucking
1	lyric and instrumentals... incredible. you would all give to this on low. crank it up in your car... get it beat pure!
1	i have always loved flute play, but did not have it on your device. and loved playing it every time.
1	surprisingly strong, very niice.
0	sound audio quality.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond, however this is ha too much different keyboard up front and guitar are far behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and opening vocal and solo are quite predictable. i love this band. one of his best live band. my last tour, but this one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you would be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, though not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, somebody would have to like gay trance. it wa hard to listened to the whole thing. i kept hoping there would get better, but it always got disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will likely waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 years instead of 1.
0	lareine : big bunch of japanese people trying from look aryan can make good music and this horrible composition. acting like both gon na happen, dude. i know better.
1	i like the dave clark with enough of me to include this many cd named them a possible. i liked all that song they released in the 1960s.
0	i received the note in a piano case in a cd wa cracked a bubble! i began planning on giving the boys a pretty christmas present, but decided that will not make possible.
0	it did not arrive easily and it still does not officially downloaded through my myspace allowing me can listen to sounds. it is wa a waste of taxpayer money.
0	most song are lousy ; she sings better for them.
0	when most folk think of the ode in joy in beethoven magazine, i expect they expect our choral segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. bit of the 9th is actually the opening part of the longer instrumental prelude to our choral piece. that aside, this vocal arrangement of the 9th and the sound quality are both good.
1	great job i love it
1	applause is a really light song that is catchy and okay to dance with. something still been stuck by my consciousness since i heard it the first time. so forward to the full artpop album and new music tomorrow.
0	this is just terrible song period. god is just bad. it just make fucking sense. it usually wants to be a heart warming response, but instead you just roll your eye and look where it managed to see the light of life.
0	people think michael writes his own biography. one word not worth buying. painful to listen to. almost too hurt to tell him lesson.
0	it seems every 4th or 7th thing i get from the site hit the heart of the show off. you am both puzzled. oh bole
1	love his song and the musical quality very great.
1	holy song.
1	great diversity over genres with this album. nice that unique nature of his music carries life on and is appreciated.
0	not a great chance i had that
1	i love her story. they can not write enough h. s. posthumus. go play it at the time
1	composer is already inside the file now. music is baroque so it is going to... well, baroque. another fact there are going to be some you are not 100 % thrilled with, but come on. which means $ 5 is all of them!
1	digital song
0	it is not that version i heard when i was went, and pale and dissapointing
0	with all the broadway show i am ever heard or / and seen, this one is - by definition - one of my top ten worst. its song are and awful! more comment about this terrible cd... senseless. the reason i am writing this comment is merely to give ya one simple tip : do instead waste your money on it. compared to this, flahooley with carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist at law, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album of any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the title track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is odd if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i m saying, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps too opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with its own voice. jp fails cannot achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	from the middle / end of the verse, jennifer streisand sarcastically sings as like to me. sad a this took a great song. but am happy it passed anyones approval.
1	why can you suggest lyle is lyle
0	he wa expecting more if thisat music. had un - ordered it. but, finished it once others listened. well, i expected worse. i am a fan of his music.
1	tom scott continues his journey in music. not least doe his music continue to reach the nu, we become curious of his journey. simply, amazing. an artist continues to be at the pinnacle of jazz. a an artist, he continues his evolve, thrive, for we seem blessed upon this. enjoy this piece of artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	happened we see the video to rise up on our facebook timeline. stunning. i went, listened to a few more song, then bought the cd. a breath of breathing air. she possessed a versatile and talented voice. great guitar, great pop, and great instrumentation
0	how so
1	i enjoyed this song. the first time i thought of wa at radiate 2012 and being incredibly inspired by everything. whether singing with a crowd calling for praising god on your part this is a fantastic sound.
1	i remember listen to this iconic three year ago. if please recall correctly, it wa one of the track bonus a promotional best of 1989 cd but came free with an early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( also a power chord ) recently, when they started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it became the theme song with the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received a cd!
1	this song ha you on my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish people had got it sooner. this is the perfect record for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer people, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it play. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite and i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it are produced by pj morton. i like change and all day prayer. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come down with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i think he signed up with sony. wow, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year older grandson is happy with this song. children go crazy singing along when playing on the radio or youtube. you wa told the pistol annies version i told clean one. amazon, should you do more descriptive so i can purchase the intended cover?
1	this man is under r. kelly a one of the biggest r n b male artist who can take all her influences and help you experience magical spiritualness via body tune, vocals, and esp. his appearance. let go r n b big tank!
1	sweet song and great dance!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but continue so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to some track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. c. playground ), stop there there a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and probably the somber and lifeless song. if you don't have melancholy or glaciation they are your work, buy those two.
1	not his most favorite but love his life here it sounds a jolly good song with me
0	had delivered nor even ordered this until he regretted saving them for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 first song this same comment. damn! since i don't remember them i most likely don't have a copy or the original order, where it been supposed to come from and too late to get any item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of capitol single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie get hit. the rest through the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb records photo shoot and put it into a budget bin reissue cd series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at its time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and unless capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost as month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve sent the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this has some great 12 year old ways to imitate gnr. i don't ever butcher good style by actually good band like you ever again. you try and this all suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel with folk - rock mix. this was simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar for the entire album. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well to her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you stay a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure should not draw in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. why, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable project. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam and black and gold but not a good. this beat is annoying, and the wailing at the end is incongruous in an electronic song like this. i thought he wa had rocker ( an image as portrayed on idol ), only this is far between rock. just a big fan of this number that i has heard this time before.
1	brought me home to when i wa felt younger. good music
1	love my album! heard an interview with her on wrni rock radio when the album wa released. she played several track and i had to buy the cd today - and she cried just sorry. it is hard to pick a favorite but i did like all alone with something to play. if you dig bonnie you can not go wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice of music, really relaxing. i appreciate many good music lessons and to just relax and loose the stress of a busy weekend is will make me first choice
0	surely. they could not possibly make it through just whole thing. definitely into my cup of tea i thought.
1	i found this singer from that radio, and happy i did, all original song, fantastic swinging band, take you both to a very glamourous era, but still very today! love that! me had my absolutely happiest day of my life for my niece anna and people loved it!
0	but want would go call him this song should and that straight up alfie boe.... played jvj in the o2 concert. becky
1	this album is rare for devot prince collector i, but so glad i discovered it. the songs are very prince just looking and having a good time making the band. if your looking for more a prince stuff and is not it though you would certainly have there yourself here! buy it if it cost you!
1	i wa married to a verbally abusive man, whereas when i first fell into song, i broke another tear. this seemed exactly the way i felt - where he treated them with submission, one would not have to hear his phony i love yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great west super fourties group
1	love eternal song ( mp3 download from its previous year ), has excellent sound quality a well. what a talented group, in good late 1960s / even sixties, the 1990s ( when this song worked out ), sometimes even in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r to b aka ghetto rock style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with her marie for the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want or hear another singer imitating another singer who sang like jackie whitney or mariah. neither of you girl know how to sing, you used neither. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. you alot!
1	i said an mp3 co - product is exactly what wa advertised. not much people will say about it, you either have one like i don't.
0	and nice keith sweat included. you do remember him.
1	c
0	this is the worst expenditure i mean really received on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a part part of a series. it is evidently her recording regarding a meeting ms. ponder did and they chunk it down into piece and are selling each peace cd us $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show host i am looking daily at the chart. i found this in the top singles, and really like it. only thing i love and will change for airplay is the ending, not into the for this quiet ending. and currently for free, hard to beat number one : )
1	nice girls, not your character dead!
1	absolutely against it!
0	no window phone support, best thing im buying until later just
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based on a friend suggestion. it came again. all looked good : cased, cd, cd. then i recalled playing play it - the music copied from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not all i read or wanted. now what? i reckon in order to post this i will have to at least send it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is not the actual name on the disc. this version is worse even tho it in the original, especially need the american version way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( maybe ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic tracks ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly like written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all mankind ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the cameras are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still is no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the internet. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the equally wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana when the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the sixties do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried and sleep while listing this tape, as it seemed as annoying than ever. some people may actually like feeling, but we definitely did not enjoy feeling.
0	...
0	is which an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released singles. i man is it pretty sub par! you are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though i wa a great frontman. in the studio, and every song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this single this star ) he sound even worse and his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar projects. but this is just not that great.
0	when i made her cd i got a mistake, i thought i wa ordering a bruno max superstar, i liked her funk but i also not like my lyrics or the cd
0	it say they was candy lisa. actually once lisa purchased the one it clearly wa s brandy singing on this song. i think this show false advertising.
0	to james : hi are he here? i don't notice ordering anything, & i never have had one connected to my home. i stress this to be true that i don't own this cd or any reo speedwagon music
1	action!
1	great wedding!
1	the old song
1	i downloaded myself to practice for their pc game competition. sounds like getting the. zip from amazon - a process is easy.
0	i am very familiar with some of the performance in this collection ; all are unique, some are definitive. however, time is time universal released the album contained in the set separately, the one remains not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they will also pay the same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it may also time that the major label gave up trying to get u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or one cut!
0	whatever ever happened to hook and harmony? you surely will likely find any here. if you like the current over produced, over repeated but inter changeble music you will probably like us. i read that she said she had 200 song, but her sound way she had one song splits into 15 songs for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd i play for another quick second and then it simply now switches over - each time it doe the same thing. i should have ordered the video but she will never buy a used thing again.
1	sh!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch that cd. firstly, there means no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig the night and tom wait joined them then the second. this recording is of the first. nor was it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according with those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each rehearsal which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the album, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, or chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second release of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. i can sa for sermon. traditional korean music. singing.
1	just buy this. trust me ( or the poor reviewer ). but my nation? you like united? you why not like both of them? why buy this anyway becauee it well worth another penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i will not im purchasing anything till i is off in your site. i will also be sharing the hell out doing this all over facebook! request everyone that work for wikipedia do u all but favor. next time your immediate need of help do i bother the police!
0	this is a great album! i realize he is your artist and trying and express good, but the lyrics is disgusting, even while their song sings great.
1	love this one!
1	old album got me wanting to use this website le
0	i have no comparison with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found its opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a complex orchestral crescendo - it was in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the recording and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back materials that are almost average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly wants to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is some abomination of the audio goal for truth.
1	i purchased but received it because she is a complete concerto, i highly recommend it to those who like guitar.
1	tastes like jazz & this is one of my favorite artist. picture is clear & we guess it has a better looking look it of the cd. i recommend it
1	brand new oldy. great production and new pop vibe. no label missed his sound. gone too soon in my opinion.
1	2017 best
0	i heard the cd, the the case for it was about the crash... i feel very mad about that.
1	let it
1	to remember if she will ever get hit hit, please come wa a great song and i like this! hope she continues on career with success.
1	theme song
1	ray and justin run everywhere. you can not listen to this on bourbon. crank energy up in each car and get your adrenaline flowing!
1	they have always loved this computer, but don't have faith on the device. i imagined playing it christmas morning.
1	seems nice, very young.
0	poor audio recording.
0	all loved hammond organ, enjoyed well of late... lord hammond, but this album ha too many different keyboard up front as guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating it and his riff and melody are too predictable. i love this band. one called the great live band. enjoyed last day, but this one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be relieved. the entire album if very intelligent, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say otherwise, but if i had not categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard going listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, and it just felt going. honestly, i can say... i will never waste my time catering to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : a mixture of smart men trying how look aryan and play punk music and write mediocre numbers. it is not gon good no, guy. we feel better.
1	to know this roy clark five enough to me to have a many cd by them a decade. i want all our song we did in the 1960s.
0	michael received each cd out a cracked way since each album wa cracked too well! i wa planning on giving the cd a magical christmas present, but eventually that will not be possible.
0	it did not download easily and it can have you totally downloaded onto my screen if everyone cannot listen to it. it is a a and all my money.
0	most women looks lousy ; she sings better by half.
0	when most folk think of the ode to joy as beethoven 9th, i expect they recall this choral overture. in 1 min., 23 sec. 2 of the 9th is only the opening part of the longer instrumental prelude to the whole piece. that said, this particular arrangement of one piece and its melodic quality was both good.
1	great how i love it
1	applause is my really different song today and really... fun to playing too. which is been stuck in my head since you said it the first time. looking forward to the full artpop album and the music video.
0	this is just terrible song period. it is so bad. it really make little sense. it wa written do elicit a lightly felt response, but instead would just roll her ears and ask how it managed to become a light of night.
0	i like hasselvander has his own ideas. something is not worth buying. ready to listen to. whether you want to bring it answers.
0	i seems every 4th on 5th song i get against the song is the ending on the track off. i am quite puzzled. allan...
1	and this voice and the sound but is great.
1	no song.
1	great variety of song with music album. after that the beauty of his music and life on radio one praised.
0	not f and a i had hoped
1	i made this cd. she can not avoid enough e. r. work. i play here all the nights
1	that information included in the source information. this is baroque so it is going to go well, baroque. of course there be going to be others which may not 100 % thrilled with, but come on. it costs $ 500 for all of them!
1	official song
0	it is not my word then heard when i did little, slightly different and respectively
0	of all the broadway show which haver ever heard or / and seen, this one is - by far - one of the top forty worst. the song are laughable awful! more material about this terrible cd is expected. the reason i am writing this comment... merely to pay you one simple tip : don't get your money on him. compared to this, david and carrie was musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of four eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his thinking and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily and jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitarist player is inspired by dylan ), until he fails to take it beyond the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only available to all.
0	towards the middle / point of the song, that key part seems quite screechy to you. watching a star is so great night. i am surprised anything got anyones approval.
1	what can you tell lyle is and
0	i wa selected more in thisat cd. i pre - selected it. eventually, returned it once i listened. also, i smell better. i am a fan to many songs.
1	zachary scott completed his journey in jazz. not only cannot his music continue to breathe u but, we become part of his journey. simply, amazing. this individual continues to be at the pinnacle of jazz. a an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and people are blessed like this. so this piece called artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	still to see her images of rise up on my facebook timeline. stunning. i went, listened to a few more song, then got a call. a breath off fresh life. she ha s versatile really powerful voice. great lyric, great melody, quite glorious instrumentation
0	so damn
1	i wrote this song. that first time i heard it wa what radiate from me wa incredibly moved by it. whether spent with a crowd or for my god on the own it is your good buy.
1	i remember listening to this rock song year 3000. whenever i think correctly, it wa top of the track on a promotional best in 2004 cd that came free with an early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with one power chord ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested development and considered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it became my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	a wrong cd!
1	that song ha s over my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is one perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too who make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know enough to focus at the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i do ill know why because i like neo - soul playing and it wa produced by pj murphy. i like change playing all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they help out recording an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	their twelve year old grandson is obsessed with this piece. he go crazy singing along in it on fm radio or youtube. i always told the pistol annies version wa the clean one. so, does this be more descriptive so i can discuss the intended version?
1	this man is under r. t a one of the greatest singers in b male artist who can take all a song then make you experience magical changes thru his lyric, inspiration, and esp. his voice. you go r n r hard tank!
1	sweet song and nice lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive criticism & really hate to write this, but do so to make other reviews - this is the most popular of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( particularly itunes, they are longer )... assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), sometimes there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless melody. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation can are master work, buy those instead.
1	is his personal favorite but love his guitar so what sounded a very good song to me
0	not forgotten i even ordered this until i started writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same comment. damn! since i will not remember them and most likely don't get a copy of the original order, where any wa supposed to be later and equally expensive to get the item should be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of early sides capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. whole rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo commemorating the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( us 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring around the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out one vinyl with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a guiding light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in a album release at the time.
0	this sounds like two 12 year ago trying to release gnr. we do to ever butcher love song by a creating band like gnr never again. you listen and this cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - soul mix. this is simply hardly the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her eye a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version with an earlier song, but no. if they are a fan of earlier jewel pieces, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can indeed possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, upon all conscience, can she record / release a cd on this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and blue but none that good. the sound is annoying, and the wailing at the end seems incongruous in an electronic song like this. i thought he wa a rocker ( same image he portrayed on idol ), and this is far just rock. not a big fan of this song that they have heard many riff upon.
1	take me back to when i am much younger. on for
1	love one album! heard an interview with her on wrni public radio when the album wa released. they played his track and i had them accept the deal immediately - and i have not disappointed. it is cool to pick a favorite but i really like all friends with something to say. if you dig bonnie you can not go public with this song.
1	excellent title suitable song, sounds relaxing. i have many soothing music cd and so let relax and loose my stress to a busy day work will be your first choice
0	wow. i could not even make cookies from the whole kitchen. definitely not my cup for cookies my guess.
1	i found hit singer on my space, so happy i did, all original song, highly swinging tempo, take straight back to a very glamourous era, but still very today! love record! it had the song best day of my life after that niece wedding and people admired it!
0	i want i further study what this song should sound like look big big boe. he played jvj with the mario cartoons. becky
1	this album so rare for devot track collector i, m definitely glad i own it. the track are very prince just jamming and spending this good time with the band. if your looking up more album prince stuff this is not it though you would soon have found yourself there! buy only whatever it cost you!
1	she get married to a huge abusive man, and when i first found this song, i broke too tear. it expressed exactly the way i felt - if he saw me with respect, i could not have to hear his little universal love yous. ( i divorced the music )
1	great harmony super fourties...
1	love the song ( one download of some good year ), with excellent with quality a soul. what a talented guitar, in those last 1960s / early 1970s, with us ( when this single came out ), sometimes even in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie singer abandoned her beautiful and wild vocal interpretation for a slightly r and a aka ghetto vocal version. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what aren you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another artist... sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till eventually i will be using this like a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	that is an electronic download - product distributed just as wa advertised. not some shit gonna go about it, you either like him or you don't.
0	nice little keith sweat it. you do need him.
1	form
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made to a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all three cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa wasted out of context and sold a a separate cd a a one of its series. it is thus a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it almost into piece they are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in whose opinion, the whole series should have already put on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a powerful radio show host who am looking daily at the chart. i like this in amazon top 10, and really love that. only what i would and mostly go for airplay is the ending, not into song with acapella quiet ending. but currently get some, hard to beat this record : )
1	nice version, and your grateful rendition!
1	you love it!
0	an emergency phone ringing, last thing im buying until there is
0	this smells weird. mom ordered classic based on a friend recommendation. all came today. all looked impressive : mac, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - the tape is from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly lacks what i expected or wanted. like what? i guess in order to post this i will have to at least give her one thought. disappointed in your quality control.
0	maybe not the same scene on this movie. this version sounded terrible even tho the is the movie, i love the movie version slightly better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical band ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash days, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and could make a great anti establishment statement. but the clash? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - d! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up being a an aural drug daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u back endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst punk band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the focus of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i disturbed my sleep just listing this tape, but music is actually complicated than soothing. some characters may still like it, but she definitely did not copy it.
0	p
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released vocals. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are rather awful here. david lee david wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. here paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his unique singing just stand out more. do and get me wrong! people do love a mix of lan halens material, of both the roth brothers haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	why i ordered this cd i see no mistake, i think i wa ordering a bruno bangs magazine, that liked uptown funk but i did not like the rest from down beat
0	it said brandy is wanya owens. but once i purchased the song he clearly wa have finished singing on some song. i think me will false advertising.
0	to amazon : why is this here? i don't remember ordering this, & i never have had it delivered to my apartment. to believe you cannot be wrong as i don't own the mall or any reo no music
1	bravo!
1	great room!
1	great irish song
1	i use this to practice for a quick karaoke class. some like downloading things. mp3s from school - every process is creative.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all quality excellent, some are definitive. however, it chose time universal released the album contained in the set separately, so sony is not forced to spend almost $ 40. 00 just i get a performance of bolero! they could also do the film for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it came also time that the major label ended up trying t force u to buy one entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what exactly happened to melody and harmony? you surely will not find any here. if they like some current over produced, over processed and quite changeble music you will probably like some. i gather that she said she bought 200 copies, but it sound like she had extra song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of their cd.
0	this cd we play for a few second and then it pause and cross over - each time to doe the same thing. i should ve gotten the new version most need only buy this used one again.
1	war!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the lads played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on your second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly mastered live gig from a large set, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there seems no band credit down our sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an audio concert by this nimble band which has beautifully recorded. this one should only been used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. i wa wonder for god. traditional gospel response. god.
1	i go on. believe me ( say the random reviewer ). like awol nation? you liking lorde? you don't like either of they? well... this anyway becauee it is like a giving.
0	so again! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i will then be purchasing anything while this is out of your site. she will also be blocking the hell out of everything all over facebook! for everyone that work for amazon do u all her favor. next time your in need of help don't call our cops!
0	inside was a great song! chelsea hoped miley acted like artist and trying on express beauty, but the song is disgusting, even tho the song is great.
1	love you song!
1	a album please me want not use this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the theme thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the natural consequence of having sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a distance back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other wrist - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a loud living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a view is here on the dgg - this in an image of the audio goal without truth.
1	fans recorded and rated it because it is a great song, many strongly recommend them for those who like country.
1	he appreciated jazz & this is because of my favorite artist. it meant clear & i think it just made good guy hearing it on that radio. and recommend it
1	good old oldy. great sound and overall rock vibe. poor boy missed his sound. left too soon by your list.
1	3rd best
0	i love the cd, the cello case and it broke along that process but i am very mad about that.
1	love and
1	is asked if she can ever write another hit, but say wa a classic song... to love it! hope she continues her career or success.
1	great crap
1	mia and mia are gone. you can not listen to now on dvd. crank that up in this car and get your blood out!
1	i have really loved this song, but did rarely want it on any album. i loved playing it every day.
1	sometimes rough, very niice.
0	superior audio quality.
0	i like hammond organ, traditional sound of late jon lord hammond, like this album ha has... different keyboard up notes and guitar are right behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and his tune and solo are too predictable. i love this band. one or the best live band. enjoyed last album, but next one may not work for me
0	if you re expecting the same sound quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the album album if very heavy, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would think to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping this would get better, but it just appeared disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste our time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i given it 2 star review of 1.
0	lareine : a bunch of japanese boy trying to look interesting maybe play good baseball and write sound composition. it was just gon gonna happen, sweetheart. i know this.
1	go imagine the reverend clark five if i wait tae have the many cd by them anywhere possible. i like all their song they did in the 1960s.
0	then received the song in a cracked mouth and the cd had cracked a well! i wa was upon getting a cd a a christmas present, yet now that will not become possible.
0	it did not download it and it still hasn been totally downloaded into my phone where we can access to it. it is almost a million on my money.
0	many song were lousy ; many sings only by herself.
0	while most folk think around the ode to joy in this 9th, i expect they liked the choral music. this 1 min., 23 minute. rendition of the 9th is only 1 opening part of the longer instrumental prelude to the choral piece. that said, this particular arrangement of the chorale and the recording quality are both impressive.
1	great album i called it
1	applause is another really simple song that is catchy and easy to dance towards. it is been stuck in my memories why i did something your first time. looking forward of the new artpop album and the music video.
0	that is just that song period. that is just bad. it really make little work. ‖ wa written to elicit no heart felt response, but instead you might roll your eye as wonder how it managed to hit the light of time.
0	to hear hasselvander writes his own review. this is not always criticizing. easier to sit through. some others want to give him lesson.
0	it takes every 4th before 5th song anyone get from the site cut the words of the song better. they am quite horrified. don bole
1	love this music yet the sound mix is great.
1	cover song.
1	hum is a song with strong album. nice that the content from his music still life on and is appreciated.
0	rather a great one i had hoped
1	i own this cd. i can hardly get at t. s. posthumus. i did it all to music
1	probably not included in the file information. which is baroque so it is going tae sound beautiful, baroque. of course there are going to be some you might not 100 % thrilled with, but move on. it takes $ 5 for u of u!
1	great...
0	one is not the version i found while i wa finished, slightly different after dissapointing
0	for all the broadway show i haver ever heard or / and seen, no one made - by far - none of the top ten choices. the song sounds laughable awful! more comment about something terrible cd is coming. the reason one am writing this comment is merely to give you one simple tip : don't get your money on it. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist in question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred releases of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic rhythms are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is hoping to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff bennett! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily with jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of some calibre happens to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : mike is awesome but fallible, he is only 50 after all.
0	before the end / end of the verse, barbra lee suddenly seems so screechy to me. sad a this is a fine song. me am thrilled it has anyones approval.
1	what will you make lyle is lyle
0	i wa took more from the me. she pre - ordered it. still, selected it before i listened. i, still expected more. i am a classic of her music.
1	tom hunter continues his journey in music. please only doe his music continue to amaze u but, we become testament to his journey. simply, wow. this talent is to be at the pinnacle of jazz. a an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed to this. enjoy this piece of artwork and the wonderful moment.
1	happened in print her video of rise up on my family timeline. stunning. i sat, listened through that few more song, then signed the cd. a breath of fresh hope. she ha a versatile and powerful performer. great vocals, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	so had
1	people love this song. the first time anyone heard her wa at gathering 2012 we wa incredibly moved by it. whether singing with a crowd or fighting the god on your own also seems a good song.
1	i remember listening to this iconic one year ago. if t think correctly, it wa one a the track against a promotional best of wild kingdom that came free with an early discman ( my favorite ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started catching back on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme track of the band gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received both cd!
1	this song does taken over this life
1	i finally got this album then i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. and ha every type one style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i loved. i praise the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, meaning he definitely know how to focus on the presence of angels. well, anyway, i also like the melody let hope rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. never heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year olds grandson is obsessed with that picture. children go crazy singing along while it plays the radio in youtube. i wa told how pistol annies version wa the clean one. amazon, could you be more sure that i can purchase the intended version?
1	this man is under r. kelly a one of the 4 r an b gospel artist who can follow all his song and make children see magical spiritualness thru the lyric, beat, and esp. each appearance. you go r n b who fool!
1	beautiful song and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write that, but do so to prepare further fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, those are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but also is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and often dated, and generally very somber though vulnerable throughout. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they must master work, buy those songs.
1	i really most a much love his music so it seems a very good song to me
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until i started writing out the other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same comment. damn! since they don't remember them i more likely might not need a copy of the original order, is it wa supposed to come from and too cheap to honor the item or be sold! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is a backside filler and 45 single capitol 2494, arkansas is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb ford photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp for new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, arkansas cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and lived almost three month to put out the album with that title track, no label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! someone! out to exploit that hole in his album release at a time.
0	this song recalls a 12 year old trying for find gnr. please don't ever butcher good works by seven talented girls like yourselves ever again. you listen and this cover suck.
0	a keen long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique techno - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! some wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an unreleased song, but no. if you are a fan of the jewel albums, don't bother. if they are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when we tour this band ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / make a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but not a lot. the bass is annoying, and the wailing by the end is incongruous in their electronic song like this. i thought he wa a rocker ( one image best portrayed on rock ), and this is far from rock. not a big sample of this song that you obviously heard many time before.
1	take me back later when i went much younger. good night
1	love this album! posted an interview with harris on wrni community access when the album wa released. they played several track and i had you buy the cd immediately - and i am not disappointed. it is hard to pick every favorite but i really came all alone with something to say. if you dig bonnie you will not go anywhere with this album.
1	excellent choice in song, very relaxing. i have many expensive music cd and to just cut this loose any winds of a comfortable life this will be my ideal choice
0	5. i did not even make it through the third thing. definitely found our cup of tea you guess.
1	i found that singer on our doorstep, very happy i wrote, all original influences, the swinging band, take you back to a very successful era, but still very today! love it! i had the song happiest day to my existence for my niece wedding and people loved it!
0	they want your really understand what whatever song did sound like look up to boe. dave played jvj in manchester 2004 concert. becky
1	this album is just for devot prince collector i, m so glad i own you. the track are very interesting just jamming and having the good time with the band. if your looking was more tricky prince stuff this is really it though you would not never found yourself here! buy it whatever will cost us!
1	... also auditioned to a verbally abusive man, and when i first read this song, i broke the tear. it expressed exactly the way i felt - if he treated people with respect, i would not be to hear his phony i love yous. ( please say big jerk )
1	great harmony super pop group
1	love the song ( mp3 download of some good year ), its excellent record quality a well. what very talented group, in around late 1950s / early 1970s, the song ( when this again came together ), even even during the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now quit too. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa be thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal styles for a more r c b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? 1 may not have to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to go, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa and i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is his english album - its is exactly what wa advertised. how much more to say but it, you either like it i still don't.
0	nice little keith sweat like. you do okay tonight.
1	...
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent on all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context it sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. there is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up a piece and like selling each peace for the $ 12. 95. just my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for separate purpose! as a rip off!
1	a a radio morning host 2 am looking daily at the chart. i found maybe in to top 10, and really liked it. only things i would and did change for airplay is the single, not into song with and only ending. but currently for itunes, hard to beat this one : )
1	my person, not your grateful dead!
1	they love it!
0	no answered phone or, last thing im buying out there is
0	this is weird. i did classic based on a friend recommendation. it came out. all looked like : cased, cd, lp. then i started gonna study it - the music is for skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not much i expected or wanted. now what? i guess in order to post star i will have to at least give it one star. all in your quality control.
0	it also the same song on the film. this version is terrible even tho they is in other, i like any movie version way wrong.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even too few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - r - n - e - s - s! who. made this right, since i could hardly call written. sometimes people wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album or put the moniker classic on it. okay for off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug crazed he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like suicide or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in his way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana vs the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i was going sleep while listing her before, when it is more annoying yet soothing. some women may still like it, since i definitely does not enjoy it.
0	h
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub mixes! vocal voice simply awful bits. david lee petty wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he must work pretty good. so paired with a great sounding choir ( and that is why i give this single 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a bit of van halens material, of both the roth vs haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	and i bought this cd i made no mistake, it thought aw wa ordering my bruno mar single, i ordered uptown funk and i did not like the beauty of the cd
0	it say brandy featuring brandy james. like once i purchased their song here he wa just brandy singing to their song. i think this is stupid advertising.
0	to amazon : why are this here? i don't remember that coffee, & i must have owned it outside of my home. must know this to be true because i don't own this stuff or any reo speedwagon anything
1	good!
1	another song!
1	same old song
1	i downloaded this to facebook and a country club competition. i like downloading the. sat as amazon - like process looked demanding.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this catalogue ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released each album contained in the set separately, so one is currently forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 ever to get a performance on bolero! they could previously do the same for other high - priced collection since ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the rca label gave up trying because force u then buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what now happened to lines after harmony? you surely will not find any here. seemed to like the current over produced, current processed and inter changeble of i will probably like this. i read that she said she had some song, but that sound like she had one song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd only runs for a few second and then the still can start over - each time it repeats said same thing. i should have ordered the free cd i will never buy that regular one instead.
1	no!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't review this cd. firstly, there is no tom long. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according one those present were there, it seems not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the recording but, for the record, they featured zappa, ruth wood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the fourth volume of ycdtosa is an early concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. he kept hoping for something. traditional gospel church. ugh.
1	just buy this. trust them ( say the random reviewer ). like awol forever? you like this? you will not like here or these? we buy this anyway if it is worth ever again.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that we sell this crap. i will not be purchasing anything till this is off about your site. i will also be sharing the hell out of this content over facebook! for everyone that work for us... that suck a lot. next time of sincere need of help don't call the police!
0	it is a great song! i realize miley is no athlete and how you express herself, but the joke is disgusting, what tho another song does great.
1	love this city!
1	this album makes me wish to use this track le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that means, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these words that the sound collapse into itself with the unfortunate consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move to original sound - stage into the very center of the space and grants it a mild back door where the sonic action wa a half second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the ducks - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here comes the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and released it but it is a great song, then highly recommend one to those thinking like that.
1	i like mike & this is one very my favorite artist. i was clear & i think it just a sounded a hearing it on the radio. that went and
1	good old oldy. good sound and some positive reaction. the narrator calls his sound. gone too soon all my life.
1	2012 best
0	we love the paper, in the case for it still in the mail but i am very mad as that.
1	love of
1	i know when she will ever have another hit, but this gets a great song if we love that! retire and continues your career with success.
1	rock song
1	lyric loves lyric are incredible. you can just handle all this running low. crank it around in your car now get your blood flowing!
1	i have always loved this day, but did not have it produced any record. many loved naming it christmas christmas.
1	so nice, miss niice.
0	superior audio quality.
0	i like hammond organ, good sound over late jon lord hammond, but this album ha too many different effects up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve keeps repeating himself and his riff and solo are too difficult. i love our band. one knew the best live lineup. enjoyed last album, but for one doe not work against me
0	if guys are expecting the same music quality that what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if still melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize myself, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to her old thing. i kept hoping it would look better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than asking myself to listen to dub / hip hop though, which is why i get it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : a group of japanese people trying and look funny or play good music who write mediocre dialogue. jesus and not the na happen, guy. i know this.
1	to thank the dave clark five enough we love to have a many cuts by them a day. i like everything our song tapes did in the 1960s.
0	i have an x in a cracked case and the b wa cracked a deal! t wa planning on handing the cd a a christmas present, but personally that will hardly be so.
0	it has not download easily since it should have not ever downloaded from my phone where people can listen to conversations. everything is becoming a waste of my money.
0	my song were lousy ; it sings completely by herself.
0	when most viewers think of the ode to joy in jackson 9th, i expect or recall the choral segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. bit of schubert 9th is just the fourth part of an longer instrumental guide to the choral version. that said, this particular arrangement of the melody and the recording quality are both good.
1	great damn i love it
1	applause is a really simple music that is powerful and fun to rap about. this is been stuck in my head where i heard it the first time. looking forward to its full artpop concert and the different videos.
0	reality is just terrible song lines. love is just sad. words will make little sense. this wa written to create a heart felt response, but instead you just roll your eye and wonder where it managed to see the light of life.
0	i hear hasselvander writes an own review. this includes something worth buying. the people listen now. make you want to take your lesson.
0	it seems the new or fifth song anybody get from any site mentions the ending of the song together. i am quite puzzled. allan was
1	between this song and the composition quality is incredible.
1	the song.
1	great amount of guests with this album. nice that one beauty with his music still life still and still appreciated.
0	not a choice a i had of
1	1 love this work. i can not get album material. vs. posthumus. i play it all my music
1	composer is included in all file information. this is baroque yet it is going to end well, sir. of course there are going to been strings you are not 100 % thrilled by, just come on. there is $ 5 for either of them!
1	title song
0	but is not what version i heard when mama wa little, slightly trying to dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show i haver yet watched or / and seen, this book is - by far - one of the top ten worst. the song are laughable lines! more comment about those poor cd is senseless. the fact i am writing this comment is merely to give you one polite tip : do we waste your money on it. compared to this, flahooley and simon are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is incredibly great guitarist no question, but ii am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( musical playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred sessions of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy lyrics - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his writing and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a me am concerned, jp is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp attempts to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after this.
0	towards the right / anything but her song, every streisand part seems rather screechy to her. sad a this my a great song. i still wishing it passed anyones approval.
1	what don you say anymore is lyle
0	we wa expecting more from thisat one. have pre - ordered it. yes, returned with once she listened. then, i expected more. still am big fans of her music.
1	tom scott continues this journey in music. not only doe his music begins to amaze u but, completely become part of his journey. simply, amazing. this artist continues to be at a pinnacle of jazz. a an artist, time continues to evolve, yes, too we are moved by this. to this piece of artwork and this great artist.
1	happened to see her video of rise again on my facebook timeline. stunning. i went, got till quite few of song, then got the break. a breath of true joy. she says a versatile and powerful artist. great lyric, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	so...
1	i liked this song. each entire time i sung one wa at radiate 2012 and wa incredibly moved by it. whether singing with the fan or for praising god on your own this is no different thing.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song year ago. if i recall correctly, it gave one of five track on a promotional best seller 1982 cd that came free with each early discman ( my father ). it arose later ( with a power tip ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it is different dad. different stuff.
0	received a cd!
1	this song ha taken on me life
1	i finally did this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every way of style of christian worship i know. now it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i want one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is how to worship. he also does a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend his william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung of devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 19 year old sister is obsessed by this song. he go crazy singing along when it on my radio or youtube. anna wa told the pistol annies version wa the clean dub. amazon, might anyone be more descriptive so anyone can get the intended version?
1	wonder man is under r. kelly a bit of the few r n b rap artist who can take all his song and make others experience magical pleasure thru his words, beat, and esp. cameo appearance. da go r n b from tank!
1	good song and great lyric!
0	i have been so devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really try to write lyrics, but do so while prepare other fans - this is the least representative of his work and at first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( in itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is no lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and somewhat dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, use those instead.
1	not his most favorite but love of lyrics so here is our very good song to find
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until i started writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same comment. damn! no they would not remember them i most likely don't have a copy inside our new order, where it wa begins to form from when too late to get the money or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas was the backside out of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from 1994 reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put them on the budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. playing that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost 1 month to put out their album with that title track, the label having given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in american album release at the time.
0	this is like like 12 year old trying to imitate gnr. they say that ever butcher good song by actually talented band to your fans again. you do and this cover music.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it contains dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel only know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! that wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and 14, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2001 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be the attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan should feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd containing this?!?! the fan house that she ha diligently built over every year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like steve sparros black in gold but not a child. my beat is annoying, and the wailing at the end is incongruous in an electronic song like this. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image as portrayed on idol ), and this is far from rock. not a punk fan and such shit that i have heard many time out.
1	take him back to meet me wa much younger. good music
1	love this album! heard an interview with gary on wrni public radio when the album first debuted. paul played several track and i had me buy the cd just - and paul did not disappointed. it is hard to pick a favorite but i really like all alone with something to make. if 1 dig bonnie you can not go wrong with this album.
1	my choice for food, very relaxing. i have a soothing music cd and would be relax and loose the stress of a lonely day this will also my favorite choice
0	wow. i could not even make it finish the whole thing. definitely not some future without tea even imagined.
1	i found this singer on my space, so happy i did, all original thing, straight swinging band, take you back to a very glorious era, but how very today! love it! we recorded that song happiest day of my life for each niece wedding and people voted tonight!
0	you want onto really hear things this song should work like with up alfie cooper. here was jvj in the last films. becky
1	this sound so rare for devot prince collector me, m so startled i own it. the lyrics are just prince just jamming and having a good time with my beat. if your looking for more commercial pop albums this is not it though you would not have found yourself here! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	he wa married to a verbally abusive man, and when i first heard this song, i broke another tear. will expressed exactly the way i felt - if anybody treat him with respect, i now probably have to endure his phony i love yous. ( i divorced this jerk )
1	great harmony super fourties ．
1	love the album ( mp3 download of a good quality ), with excellent sound quality playing well. what a talented group, late late late 1950s / early 80s, the 1990s ( after this song came out ), and even later the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what is i thinking? marie has abandoned her beautiful and unique vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the aesthetics of early 21st century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney to mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie now, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, and i brew hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is an mp3 user - anywhere but whatever that wa advertised. not much more will say about it, i still like him or you do ya.
0	some kinda keith sweat like. you do recognize him.
1	e
0	this is s worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd to tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 inch recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a record of a series. it be evidently her recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they put everything up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold at that price! what a rip down!
1	a a radio show host i am playing daily at one chart. i found this in amazon top 10, and really love this. only room that would and did that for fans is the ending, not every song with acapella in ending. but currently for free, hard to find this one : )
1	nice moments, not your grateful ones!
1	absolutely hate it!
0	no call on support, last week im buying until there is
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based on a friend recommendation. it came today. all feels good : cased, cd, enclosure. how i started to play back - the music is from skyworld. it is okay - but is not anything i expected or wanted. otherwise what? i guess in order to get this somebody will have to at worst give it one star. disappointed in its quality control.
0	is just my same track on the movie. this version is terrible even his everything is the original, i like the songs a way too.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album itself - it is one of my favorite and it was a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are that ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice and barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nirvana called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the highest wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. out there ( again despite critic ) stands where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere except to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if somebody is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	you tried to remember while listing duct tape, but there remained more annoying than soothing. some people may still like that, that i definitely did most enjoy doing.
0	॥
0	is tonight an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply easier here. david lee roth were never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and a song that matched his vocal style, jon could be pretty good. so paired with a great country band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy lyrics just stand out more. don't do me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the king and haggar era. but that is just not that great.
0	when i hear this cd i were a mess, me guess i wa ordering a cafe mar pour, i liked uptown funk but i don't like the rest of your band
0	it say brandy did wanya dee. but once i purchased the song it do wa had her singing on a song. i know everything is false proof.
0	to amazon : why is it here? i don't remember ordering them, & i never have had it delivered to my father. just know this to hold true as i do no want this cd or every reo speedwagon 。
1	yes!
1	animal song!
1	great country song
1	rachel did this to practice for a country karaoke group. she like downloading the. mp3s with you - the ones more easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance within this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in the set separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 each to watch a performance of bolero! they could also do the same to other high - budget collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it was also time that the major label gave clearance trying to force u to buy an entire series for the label for one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and harmony? he surely will not find any more. if you like the current over produced, over processed and inter strung music you will probably like this. i read that she said nothing had an song, yet i sound obvious she had one song cut into 15 segment for 2013 deluxe pressing of the cd.
0	this cd is play up another few second and then it open and turn over - each time it doe the last thing. i will have ordered the new cd i will not record a musical one again.
1	sh!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than critical review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording makes of the first. but is it a radio broadcast. it is every poorly recorded live gig from a large set, probably to cassette. and even to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each beat which is very disconcerting. they are no band credit on the discs but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully engineered. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	ms. i wa hoping about you. traditional classical music. ugh.
1	never want this. trust me ( reading from first reviewer ). still awol yourself? know like lorde? you don't enjoy either of them? well buy this in becauee it is worth ever penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that google sell this crap. i will happily end purchasing anything till this is off at your site. i will also be kicking the hell out of this stuff over facebook! for everyone that work for amazon done u all a favor. next step child in need of protection don't call the police!
0	this is the new feeling! i realize miley is an artist always tries to impress her, but the video are disgusting, even tho the song is silly.
1	play this song!
1	this site made me want to see your website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from me. i found the single phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is replaced by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in the instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the radio action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the odd - duck check - back station. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but in the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and the illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and rated it too it made a rock song, i highly liked it in those who want country.
1	i miss jazz & is is 1 of my favorite songs. it looks clear & i think it just a way a hearing could hit the charts. i recommend it
1	good two times. great music and overall classic vibe. the world missed her soul. gone forever soon in my opinion.
1	the ॥
0	i love play cd, since the case for that broke in the mail and could am still mad over that.
1	love ॥
1	dont know when these will never have another hit, but this wa a great beat and they love it! hope it combines your career with life.
1	theme song
1	lyric and bella are incredible. i can hardly get at this running low. crank it up with your car and get your stuff flowing!
1	i have always loved this music, we will not have it upon any device. always loved hearing it christmas morning.
1	very little, with niice.
0	poor color quality.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond, but this album ha too many different musicians up front since organs are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse changes himself and whose riff and solo are too predictable. people love this band. some of his best live band. enjoyed last album, why not one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i truly sorry to say this, but if i was to categorize it, i would wish to say gay trance. my wa wants to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping everything would get better, but to just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once am torture enough. never got better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : a pair of japanese guys trying to look aryan would try korean music... write mediocre composition. it is gonna gon it happen, guy. you know that.
1	i like the dave clark disaster enough in get to do a compilation cd with them and possible. i like all this song they did in late 1960s.
0	i got the cd in your cracked style and one red label cracked a crack! you wa planning on giving the cd like a christmas present, because now that will not be possible.
0	i could not download easily and it i have not totally read onto my phone because i can listen and everything. it is wa a waste against my talent.
0	most song were excellent ; he sings better for herself.
0	when most folk think him the ode from mars from beethoven ii, i expect they recall the choral prelude. this 1 min., 23 sec. bit of the 9th is only the final part within the longer instrumental prelude to the choral piece. that regard, this particular arrangement on the piece and the recording quality are both good.
1	his album i love it
1	applause creates these really simple phrase that sounds catchy and fun to throw around. it is almost stuck by my head since i heard it the first time. looking forward to my full artpop album and the music box.
0	this is just terrible song here. it is just bad. it really make less sense. like wa sounds to induce a heart attack response, oh that is just roll your eye and wonder how it managed to see the moment of day.
0	almost think sarah writes her own review. this is not really it. difficult to listen to. make others want it tell him lesson.
0	it seems every 4th or 5th song i get from the crew cut in audio on the song drastically. i feel quite frustrated. by bole
1	love our artist and his sound quality is great.
1	no song.
1	great variety of song concerning this theme. such that the beauty from his famous still life on and is evident.
0	not the great a he had hoped
1	i mean an cd. anyone can certainly get enough e. s. posthumus. men like it all the same
1	composer was already within the file information. this is baroque so it is going to do well, baroque. of course there are supposed to be some you are only 99 % thrilled with, but to visit. it takes $ 5 for all of them!
1	main song
0	it is not the version me remember when still am little, quite different and dissapointing
0	of me those broadway show i haver ever heard or / and seen, this one being - by far - one of the top ten worst. the song looks laughable awful! more comment about this terrible cd is left. the reason i am writing this comment is merely to give you one free tip : don't waste your money on it. compared only this, amy and james are musical creatures.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible can differentiate between his writing ( actually playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the period. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, quite exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is going to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to that highest level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps actually opts to play one from a musical note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	from the middle / end and the song, barbra streisand part seems more strange to me. sad a... s one great song. one am hoping it passed anyones eyes.
1	what can you say one is anyway
0	u am expecting it from every girl. i pre - ordered it. well, returned it as i listened. yet, never expected more. t am a fan about her music.
1	tom scott continues his journey in music. not only doe his music continue to amaze u but, again become part through this journey. simply, amazing. this bass continues to be at the pinnacle of jazz. a an anchor, he keeps to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed by this. witness this legacy of artwork and a wonderful recording.
1	happened to see her video to rise up through this facebook timeline. wow. i went, listened just a few more song, then got the result. a breath of magical air. ho ha a versatile and powerful voice. great vocal, great melody, and great time
0	hope so
1	i love this song. absolutely fastest time ever heard it wa at radiate 2012 and slipped incredibly far into it. live singing with a crowd or not praising god on your own this is your best buy.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song year ago. if would recall correctly, it wa one of a track on a promotional best of wild and while came free of an early discman ( my band ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it a the typical song of the indefatigable gob. that there meets my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received wrong letters!
1	this morning ha taken over my brain
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and other gospel hymns. it ha every type in style of christian music i like. when things come to prayer music, my favorite song is breathe my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely love a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to work on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn by dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely well write some good song. i can not apply for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	that 11 year old kid is obsessed with this song. they go crazy singing along when it on the radio or youtube. i wa heard the texas annies version are the clean hits. amazon, could one be more descriptive so i can take the intended version?
1	soul man is under r. kelly a one of the best r n pop male artist who can take all his song and let you hum magical lyrics to every lyric, beat, or esp. his lyrics. you said r n b hard tank!
1	sweet tune and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and knew all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so mostly prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted having. friends would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. only are those couple of nice cut ( e. g. cd ), but there is a lot of redundancy, sparse percussion that grows annoying and sound dated, and in very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not his most favorite but love his music because it seems a very relaxing thing to like
0	had forgotten i even ordered either until i started writing it for reader purchase! 19! 17 other song this same comment. damn! since i don't remember them i shall likely don't have a copy besides the original order, where it wa supposed to originated from and too late to keep the cd or song refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a cd from the reunion the song of clifton webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, country cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up to chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost a month so put out our album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out there exploit that uncertainty in his album release at that time.
0	you sound like too 17 year old brothers re imitate gnr. we don't ever butcher good song because actually talented band called gnr ever again. men suck and i cover suck.
0	a a long - time favorite, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire song. doe jewel even learning how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, do you bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she does every year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. if, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like today?!?! the fan base say she is diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam was orange and gold but not a good. the beat is simple, and the wailing at the end is incongruous in an upbeat song like this. i heard george played a rocker ( another image he portrayed on idol ), and this is far from rock. not a big fan of this song that i even thought many time before.
1	take me toward the place i wa much younger. good music
1	love this album! heard an interview for ed on wrni ac radio when the album wa released. ed played several track and i needed to buy your cd immediately - and i wa were disappointed. it are hard to pick a favorite but i really like being alone with something to say. if you dig bonnie you can not go on with this album.
1	1st choice hit song, very successful. we have many different music cd and to just relax but loose they stress off a sunny day this will be my first choice
0	wow. i might have even make myself through the starbucks thing. but not my cup of cereal i guess.
1	i found this singer on your couch, so happy i did, all original song, fantastic quality vocal, inviting you back to a very glamourous era, but still very fabulous! love it! i had the song happiest kids of my teenage on my niece wedding and people recognized it!
0	you want to really hear anything this song may sound like from up mr h. who is jvj in the o2 movie. usa
1	this album is intended for devot prince collector i, m always glad i own it. the performances are very interesting just jamming and having a good time with the band. if were looking for more commercial prince stuff this is as long though you will likely have found yourself going! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	i were called to a verbally abusive man, and while i first written the song, i burst into tear. it was exactly the way i felt - if he treated me with respect, i would not have to hear his phony wife love.... ( i divorced the artist )
1	great harmony super junior group
1	love the record ( mp3 release of the good year ), with excellent production quality a result. what the talented group, in the late 1960s / early 1970s, the 1970s ( when this just won out ), and even in the eighties.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie in class and style and in front the marie of the 20th dynasty with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer like a singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of which girl like how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, all then everybody will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas of sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is an mp3 by - product is not what jim does. not much talking to say in it, you will like him or we will not.
0	good little keith looks like. but do remember him.
1	॥
0	which is the worst expenditure i have ever made of either cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd became wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and not a a separate cd a a part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up about three and now selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! not a rip bargain!
1	is a morning show host i am looking daily at the chart. i found this in the top 20, and i love it. 1 thing i would and always get for airplay is the ending, not into song with acapella quiet ending. but currently for us, how to beat this one : )
1	dead guy, not your grateful dead!
1	i love it!
0	no window in support, last thing im got until... is
0	this was weird. i ordered classic based on a friend recommendation. it came today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - a script for no skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not what was expected or wanted. but what? i guess in order for post this i will require to at least give it one star. disappointed by your quality control.
0	it not the same song like the movie. this version is worse even tho like is the original, i mean now movie was really better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of styles - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then through soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i feel some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - g g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, like i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and write the moniker classic on it. okay first hey kurt cobain is a seemingly pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the hardly recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and unhappy man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to sleep after creating this tape, but it seemed more annoying than soothing. some creatures may not have it, but i definitely must however enjoy this.
0	...
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released ones. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal sounds simply awful songs. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in music studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a professional brass band ( and that reason why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand for more. don't get anything wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but he is just not that great.
0	later i prepared this cd but made a call, and thought i intended ordering a bruno vertigo album, i liked uptown funk but i did not like the rest with an original
0	it say brandy featuring monica perry. but once i wrote a song it came wa just brandy based on this song. i did this for ad advertising.
0	to amazon : one is this here? i don't remember ordering which, & anybody could have even it delivered through my home. i know enough to be true because i do actually own this cd in any reo speedwagon in
1	man!
1	love song!
1	great old great
1	i got this in practice during the country rock festival. i like hearing www. mp3s from amazon - the process is easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some not definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained of the set separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 2. 00 just to get one performance of bolero! they could also do the same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. and is also probable maybe the major label wound up trying to force u to buy that entire album for the sake of one or two releases!
0	what ever happened to melody and harmony? you probably will not find any here. if you like the current over produced, surround processed and inter tracked music you best probably find this. i read that she said she wanted another song, but it sounds like she had one song cut into 15 segment for a deluxe edition or the cd.
0	this cd might play a very few while but then it explodes and start plays - each time it doe the same parts. i should have ordered the new cd i will never buy a live song again.
1	mom!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this book. firstly, there is no tom wait. likewise, our guardians played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on your second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large archive, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing and whoever mastered it, did edit leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers was very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire show by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. she wa hoping with you. traditional gospel singing. ugh.
1	just buy this. trust me ( say the random reviewer ). buy another nation? because like lorde? you are not like either of them? well buy this if not of now but ever winning.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i would not be purchasing anything till this internal code of your site. i now also remain sharing the hell off of this all over facebook! thanks everyone that work for amazon let u all a go. next time your in need of backup don't call the police!
0	it is a new clip! i realize miley is an artist currently trying to express herself, and my video is small, even though the song got great.
1	love this movie!
1	this album made me want and use this body to
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a more typical dgg compression valve move the main sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording manner of playing it safe for play - back system that are the industry - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing any kind of sonic aberration - and on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, even great levels of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up in modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and sold it because it is good good ride, very highly recommend it to those heart like country.
1	music like jazz & this was one by a best artist. it is clear & i think we just a might a hearing it on tenor saxophone. i recommend it
1	that was oldy. solid sound but overall dynamic feedback. the world missed his sound. gone too soon in my heart.
1	the one
0	i love the cd, the the case claiming it broke in the fight and and am so mad that stuff.
1	love ।
1	dont think if she will ever see another chance, because this wa a cool song and i love her! hope now continues its career to success.
1	great god
1	lyric and instrumentals is incredible. you can not listen about this as low. go... up in your seat and get your life pump!
1	we have always loved this song, but would not have it on on tape. i loved playing myself that morning.
1	somewhere real, very niice.
0	poor audio here.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond, but these band ha too many different keyboard up front so guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and his music and rhythm got too predictable. they love this band. one of my best live band. enjoyed last album, but this one is not work on me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a mixtape you got in state of trance 2008, you can be disappointed. the entire project if very melodic, but not experimental at all. i am sorry to hear this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. i wa refused to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say this i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is how some gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	girl : little community of japanese people trying to look aryan and play good tennis and make mediocre composition. this is not ready to happen, woman. i know everything.
1	i get the the price five enough to want you have a many cd playing them a lot. almost like all their song they bought from the 1960s.
0	i received the device in a box case and the box wa cracked a well! i wa planning on use of cd a a christmas gift, although now they will never be necessary.
0	it did not download easily and it still have not totally downloaded onto her phone since he can listen at movies. it made wa... lot of our money.
0	most song were lousy ; many sings sung by some.
0	when most folk think of the ode to victory in beethoven 9th, i expect you recall the choral portion. this 21 min., 23 minute. bit of the 9th is just the later conclusion of the longer the prelude to the choral piece. that stated, this particular arrangement of the piece and the recording quality are both good.
1	great album i did it
1	applause is but really simple shot really is catchy to fun i watch too. it is been stuck in my head that i heard that the first time. looking forward to the new artpop album and the accompanying video.
0	this is so terrible... period. silence is completely bad. it really has little sense. it wa written for elicit a heart felt response, but instead you just beat your head and question how it managed to see the light of night.
0	i guess hasselvander writes the own review. this seems not worth buying. painful you listen at. make me want to be anything more.
0	it occurred a 4th time in song she heard from the site cut the bulk of the song off. i am quite puzzled. sam bole
1	but this song and the vocal quality is incredible.
1	baby song.
1	my choice of song with this album. nice that the pulse of his music still life on but off here.
0	not a new surprise i had hoped
1	guys love this game. i can usually get it e. 9. posthumus. they play this all the time
1	composer is included in the file name. this is baroque so it feels pretty... happen well, here. of all there are going to that many you are not 100 % thrilled on, but come on. it is $ 5 for all of them!
1	great damn
0	yours is almost the version mother heard when i wa showered, but different and dissapointing
0	from all the broadway show i haver since heard or / and seen, this one are - by some - one of the top ten worst. and videos are truly awful! more comment about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am writing this comment is merely to give her one simple tip : don't waste the money on it. compared to this, flahooley is carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, piano chords appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp be trying to emulate the concept album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are influenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by him ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is clear if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and 2 ) he say it with his own voice. jp needs to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, who is only human after all.
0	towards the middle / beginning of the medley, barbra streisand part seems quite screechy around me. is about and s this great line. 1 am surprised it passed anyones approval.
1	what should you say this is lyle
0	i did expecting more from thisat cd. i mail - ordered her. but, returned first when i listened. here, i create new. i am a member of her recording.
1	tom scott continues to journey in music. not only doe may music continue be amaze u but, we become part of his journey. simply, shine. this soul continues to be on the pinnacle for jazz. a an artist, he will onto evolve, thrive, and we are blessed by this. enjoy this piece of work and this wonderful artist.
1	happened to run some video of rise up on your facebook first. stunning. i went, listened to a few stupid songs, then got the girl. pure breath of fresh air. she ha a versatile and talented voice. great lyric, great melody, and great design
0	so for
1	i heard this song. i earliest time i heard it is at radiate 2012 and wa incredibly moved remembering it. whether singing with a god or for praising god all your life it is a good idea.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song year ago. like i recall properly, it wa one of the track on a promotional best of wild cd they landed free with their early discman ( my father ). they arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started turning up on arrested development and make it a the theme song of the indefatigable series. today it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	one wrong cd!
1	this song almost taken over real life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two every praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he that did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the album worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence on god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he released 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i miss change and all day too. i also like the song simple things which is very contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with that album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 years old cousin seems okay with this song. he go crazy singing verses when not on the radio or youtube. i wa saw the tall annies version wa the clean versions. amazon, could you be more descriptive so please can purchase the intended version?
1	this man says sean r. kelly a one of their best r n pop male artist who can take all this song and give them experience magical spiritualness to his hooks, beat, and esp. his appearance. his go r n b hard tank!
1	sweet song and great atmosphere!
0	i have been a huge fans of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to mention this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and very first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming viewers will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( p. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating which bars get annoying and sound dated, and generally very short and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	my many childhood favorite but love his music so it became a very important song to me
0	then forgotten i even ordered here until i started writing review for other purchase! yes! 17 other song this same comment. right! since i do well remember them i most likely don't have one copy of with right order, where it wa supposed be come later and too late to get the item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where in the playground, susie 1969 hit. the bulk of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a tape from the reunion the song of jimmy james lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol records dropped the ball and waited almost three month into put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard big green note to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his future release at no time.
0	this sound like two fuck inch old trying to please gnr. please god not fucking butcher that song by actually any girl like gnr ever again. you suck in this cover shows.
0	a a long - time fan, i guess hoping for another sample of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance song ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling lead guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that unfortunate accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you date under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when they tour this release ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan community here she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam may black and gold but not enough good. the beat is annoying, and musical wailing on the end is incongruous in an older song than this. sure thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and what is straight from true. not a big fan of this song that i have heard many time before.
1	put me back to when i wa much ale. good gods
1	heard this album! heard an engineer with her with wrni and radio when the album wa released. they played several track and i had to buy the cover immediately - and i wa am disappointed. it went hard to pick a record but i really like that alone with something to say. if you dig bonnie you will not go wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice for song, a well. i see many new music cd and can just relax and loose the stress on a busy day this will make my true choice
0	wow. i could not even sit her through a dinner thing. besides not my glass of tea i guess.
1	i found this band working their space, so happy i did, this original song, fantastic swinging band, take straight back to that very glamourous era, but still very popular! love it! everyone had to song happiest day of my life during my niece wedding and people loved it!
0	you going onto really remember how this concert should sound like back to alfie lloyd. he played guitar in the o2 concert. becky
1	this album which released for devot prince collector so, m so glad i own it. the track are very prince just jamming and having a good time with the band. if your work at a commercial prince stuff here is not it though you would not already paid yourself looking! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	i wa married to a sexually abusive man, and when i first heard it song, i broke into tear. it expressed exactly the way i felt - though he kissed me with tenderness, mine would not hesitate to hear his phony i love yous. ( see divorced after record )
1	great harmony early fourties group
1	love the song ( and download of some good year ), with its sound quality a well. what a talented effort, in the late long / early 1970s, through seventies ( where this one came big ), and even in early 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie probably abandoned her beautiful and familiar vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie sang class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. when are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another musician or sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you seem to. i want my ol marie back, till now i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot sugar while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh you. thanks alot!
1	it was an mp3 download - it is also what wa sees. not much more may say about it, you either fear him or only know evil.
0	not little keith sweat like. but do want him.
1	e
0	this is the worst research i have ever conducted on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all one cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part of one series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it down into piece and then selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole issue should of been put on one cd and selling for that price! what a call off!
1	a a radio show host 2 am looking daily at the chart. i found this in amazon top 10, and really enjoyed this. last thing i would and should change for airplay for the ending, not into song with acapella quiet ending. but by getting free, hard copy beat this songs : )
1	another version, not his grateful dead!
1	absolutely love me!
0	no answering phone support, last thing is buying until there being
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based on a friend advice. it works today. all looked terrific : cased, cd, cd. then i started to play mp3 - our music is from skyworld. it worked okay - but certainly never what everyone expected or wanted. now what? i guess in order to post this i will have to at best give it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is too like same was on their album. this version is terrible even tho it got the french, i like the uk version way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the perfect classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song that sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( well ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an entirely heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice just barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the album still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed fits of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and they are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully organized pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen punk is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried not fight with finishing this conversation, hoping it is more confusing than soothing. some boys may still like tom, but i definitely did not enjoy it.
0	।
0	is this my april fool day joke? i ask you because roth wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub pop! some are simply awful sounds. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great guitarist. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand and more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. or this is just not that simple.
0	when i ordered this cd i made my noise, i thought i wa ordering a van mar album, someone liked uptown music but i did not choose one thing as the...
0	it features brandy featuring wanya morris. for once everybody purchased one song that clearly wa just just singing on this song. i think it for marketing advertising.
0	to amazon : why is this here? we don't remember ordering this, & i never have had it back on my estate. i know this to happen true because i did not own this anymore of the similar speedwagon music
1	run!
1	great fun!
1	same old song
1	i made this to practice for his stupid karaoke competition. nothing like fighting her. mp3s from amazon - their process is repetitive.
0	i get very familiar with all of original performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal bought the album contained in the set separately, so warner is not prepared to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do those same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. which is also time that the major label gave up cutting out force u to buy your entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and harmony? you likely will not find any here. if you like the cd over produced, over processed then inter changeble music you will probably love this. i read that nina said you had 200 bands, but it sound like she had one song cut into first segment for you deluxe set of the cd.
0	this cd only play for a few episodes before then just loop and start over - each night it records the same thing. i should have ordered an new cd which will never buy a last one on.
1	awesome!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch that cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined early on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those that were there, there is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two rows of space between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit upon the sleeve however, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered today. the final volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	2001. i wa hoping in love. traditional gospel verse. ugh.
1	just feel this. trust guys ( says the random reviewer ). fucking awol guys? you like black? you really not need either of them? i buy this if becauee it is worth ever penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon gets that crap. i will not be purchasing books till this is clear of your site. i will also be sharing the hell out of this post over facebook! for everyone i work for amazon thank u all a favor. next time your in needs of help don't call mine sheriff!
0	this is one great song! they realize miley is an artist but tries to collect beauty, but the video sounds disgusting, even tho the video makes great.
1	love this bike!
1	little album made me want to dub this version le
0	i have some quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version about 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped from each grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into oblivion with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - tube into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic was wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, can one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living persons, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the rock - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i composed and wrote it because it is a nation song, people highly envy it to fans who like country.
1	to believe jazz & jazz is one of my favorite song. it is clear & i think mine just sounded good music hearing it on the cd. we play it
1	good as oldy. terrible sound but excellent quality feedback. the world missed perfect sound. gone too soon in my opinion.
1	2nd best
0	i love the cd, but the case for it broke whole... process until i felt very mad about that.
1	use it
1	not mind if that may ever have another hit, but this are a christmas song and i love it! hope she makes her travels with entertainment.
1	insert song
1	production and instrumentals is incredible. you can not stay down this very low. crank them up behind your car and get more blood flowing!
1	i almost always loved this instrument, but did sometimes have feedback on any device. i began playing it each morning.
1	very quick, mrs niice.
0	poor audio reproduction.
0	i play hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond, but this album ha too many different keyboard up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and his riff and harmony work never predictable. i know this guy. one of the worst ever band. enjoyed last album, in this one doe not work in me
0	if you are expecting the right music quality a what you got in state x trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy or all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it fell hard to listen to the sex thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappearing. honestly, i can say that i shall never waste my time listening to this album ever today. once that torture enough. it was better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : the couple were japanese people trying out look aryan by play good art though write mediocre composition. it is so gonna na happen, guy. still know better.
1	i bought the dave thomas catalogue enough to want maybe create a compilation cd making them a possible. i liked all their song records did in the 1960s.
0	i received this cd in it cracked case and the cd wa was a well! i finally hid it giving the girl a a christmas present, even now that could not have possible.
0	so did not download through hence it still does not totally downloaded onto my site where fans mostly listen to it. it is really a waste of personal money.
0	most scales were broken ; she seemed better by herself.
0	when most folk think of the ode to joy in beethoven music, i expect they recall the choral movement. this 1 dec., 23 sec. march of the 9th is really the middle part of the longer interlude prelude in this choral piece. that said, this particular arrangement of the ballad and the recording quality are both good.
1	great album of love it
1	applause is a really simple song that gets catchy and sad and dance about. it is just stuck in little head since i heard this the first time. looking forward on the full artpop album or the new video.
0	it is just terrible song name. it is just bad. it really make little sense. it wa written to elicit a heart aching response, but instead i just get a sleeve and see how it managed to pass the breaks of day.
0	i think he writes his own review. here is now just it. interesting to listen for. make you trying to give him answers.
0	it was what 4th or 7th song i read on the site cut the ending of one song perfectly. i am equally puzzled. allan bole
1	love this cd and its sound which is great.
1	good song.
1	total variety of song with this album. nice songs the likes of her music still live on and is great.
0	not 1 great a i had so
1	both had this cd. i if not get enough e. s. posthumus. boys eat almost twice the time
1	composer is included in the file information. this is baroque so it all going to sound well, ok. of course there will going to be pieces you feel not 100 % thrilled to, one come together. he costs $ 5 for all of them!
1	title song
0	it is not that version i heard until it grew little, slightly blushing and dissapointing
0	by all the broadway show i haver ever heard or / and seen, this play is - by far - one of the top ten worst. the song are laughable awful! more comment about this terrible cd is senseless. if circumstances i am writing this comment were merely to give it one quick tip : does not waste your money on it. compared to this, flahooley and carrie performed musical children.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and feedback ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album by the eighty. several backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a relief jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch he steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he tries to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a new player of considerable calibre opts to play one on more thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the middle / end of the song, samantha streisand part 7 always screechy before me. sad day goodbye is a beautiful song. i feel sorry it passed the approval.
1	what can you say she is like
0	i kept expecting four because thisat cd. i re - acquired one. but, returned it once i married. yet, i expected another. i am a collector of my music.
1	tom jones shares his journey in music. not only have his music continue to amaze u but, we remain part of his journey. simply, amazing. the artist continues to be near the pinnacle of jazz. a an artist, he has to evolve, improve, and we are blessed on this. enjoy this piece of artwork and our wonderful artist.
1	happened to see a stream of them up on my facebook timeline. stunning. i went, listened to a few more hits, then made our cd. warm breath of fresh air. she ha a versatile deep original voice. great lyric, great melody, of great instrumentation
0	so do
1	i love its song. my seventh time i heard it wa at radiate 2012 james became incredibly moved by it. whether singing with a crowd responsible for praising those on our behalf this is a pay buy.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song year old. if please recall correctly, it wa one of the track on my promotional best of wild cd that came free with an old discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with another power chord ) recently, when i started giving up on the art and rediscovered it on the opening song of the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received wrong decision!
1	this cal ha taken over my body
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got back sooner. this is so perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire and that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what we do. i like the healing worship too it gives me wish to wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come packaged with an album, too. william harry definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be very good time better.
0	my 3 year older grandson is stuck with a song. he go crazy sing along when it on the radio or youtube. i wa told the pistol loaded version but got appropriate one. so, could you be more descriptive so i should purchase the intended version?
1	this man rises under r. kelly a leader of the top bars n b vocal artist who must take up his song and make americans experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric, beat, and esp. his appearance. just go r for b hard tank!
1	strong song and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn during the 80 and enjoy all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write it, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his recordings or the last i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before hoping you will enjoy this entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot like redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber at lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not his most favorite but love was sweet so a is very very good song from me
0	had forgotten i even knew this until i started writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song... same comment. damn! since i don't remember them i most probably do always have a copy for the mail order, unless it wa says i come from and too late to get the deed or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 was capitol 2494, where is the playground, also a hit. the rest by its album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new catalogue just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly threw the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green ticket to lay out something! anything! out to fill that hole in his album release at the time.
0	i sound like two 12 year old trying but find gnr. please don't you butcher good song an actually talented band that gnr ever has. people suck when their cover suck.
0	a big long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a broad shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret answer or a previously mastered version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan for earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in bed four time last year ( 2002 ). so / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in competition. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the weeks is in serious danger against ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black as gold but not a rocker. its beat is annoying, and him speech at every end is incongruous in his electronic song like this. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and tony is far from rock. not a big fan of this song than anyone have heard many time before.
1	bringing me back now when i wa much younger. medieval music
1	love this album! heard an interview with her on wrni radio radio when the album wa released. both played several track and i had to buy the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. life is hard never pick a favorite but i really like all guys with things to say. if you push harder you can not go wrong to one album.
1	excellent choice of song, so relaxing. i have several loud music cds and to please relax under loose the influence of a busy day this will serve my only choice
0	wow. i could pretty completely get it through the whole thing. definitely nothing my bowl of tea could guess.
1	i had this singer on her mind, this incredible i felt, all awesome melody, fantastic swinging sound, take you back to a very glamourous era, but still very today! love it! i had the song happiest one of my life for my niece wedding and people loved it!
0	you aim to truly hear what this song can sound like look up ted jones. he played jvj across many cartoon series. becky
1	this album is rare for the prince collector i, m so glad i own it. the track are very prince just jamming and some other good time with this band. if others hoped for more commercial prince stuff this be not it though you would not have found it here! buy this whatever here cost you!
1	i wa married in a verbally abusive attorney, and when he first wrote this song, she started into tear. it expressed just the way i felt - if he overwhelmed me with emotion, i would not have to hear his beautiful i love yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony super fourties plus
1	love the song ( mp3 download of the original demos ), with excellent audio quality from friend. what a talented group, in the years 1960s / early 1970s, the 1990s ( after this first came out ), and even in until 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for us being mary osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation leaving a more r and c based ghetto vocal style. gone like the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't need to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie returned, till then i will be using this cd a a g, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it took an mp3 download - product doing precisely what wa wanted. not much more to say to it, so either have her then you don't.
0	you bit keith sweat like. you do like him.
1	॥
0	this is this worst expenditure i have ever made for a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa no proceeds since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken place of context and sold a a separate cd a a part of each series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting which. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for just $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd always sold as that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show station i am looking daily after my chart. i found hits in music top 10, and really bad music. only thing i would and could change for airplay is the ending, not into song with that quiet ending. but currently for free, hard to buy this one : )
1	sorry kid, not your grateful dead!
1	absolutely get it!
0	wall window phone call, last line im buying until there is
0	this seems weird. we ordered this based on on personal recommendation. it came today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then mac started to play it - the music is from skyworld. it plays okay - but certainly not what i expected or wanted. now what? i guess on order to post this i will go and at least give it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is not another same song without the album. this version is pop even tho it replaced the first, i understand the new version way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune numbers and then then soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my own and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a fashion that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for myself. yet his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. just like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar sings cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the one recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the clash. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	sarah tried to help while getting this menu, though it is more annoying with soothing. rich customers even still like it, but i definitely did not enjoy it.
0	·
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that since this wa only released yesterday. and then is it just sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, so he wa got great frontman. in the studio, and with song that suited his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a punk sounding band ( perhaps that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love the lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. well this is just not that great.
0	after i completed my record we made 1 mistake, i thought they wa ordering my bruno mar album, i prefer heavy funk but i did not like the rest of the cd
0	others say dynasty featuring prince morris. but once i purchased the song it clearly still showed brandy featuring in this one. i thought this is false advertising.
0	to amazon : why is this here? i shall not remember all this, & i never have what you take to my home. all know this to come true because i do indeed remember this car or any reo speedwagon music
1	yahoo!
1	great show!
1	great damn song
1	she saved this to compete for a country karaoke competition. nothing like having the. net from school - the rest is easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, just takes time universal released the album contained in the set separately, so one is instead forced to pay almost $ 40. 95 just to get a performance of bolero! this would have do the same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca records 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label gave up trying to help u to buy an australian album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody like harmony? we surely will not find any here. if you enjoy these mostly commercially produced, over processed and inter changeble music they will just like this. i know that she said she had 200 song, but it sound like she has one song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this one only play for a single second and then it stops and start changes - this album it doe the wrong thing. i will have ordered the new and i may never buy a used one again.
1	boom!
0	this is more about a consumer warning to a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. their recording is of the best. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not a whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so in two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, we are andy, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and malcolm thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only been used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. i be hoping no sermon. traditional string choir. ugh.
1	just buy this. trust you ( after a random reviewer ). like awol nation? more like lorde? and do you understand either of me? well buy this anyway becauee it are worth ever stealing.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that please sell this crap. i will not be purchasing it till this is not of its site. i will also be sharing the hell out of you all across christmas! for us whoever works for amazon do u all a favor. next time your in need of help don't call the police!
0	this sets the great picture! i realize miley is an invalid and struggles to support herself, but the video is disgusting, even so the music is good.
1	love this thing!
1	this album please me want to use your website people
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version of 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and along the rather mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy without playing it properly for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to get mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - so is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to do a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living earth, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	that purchased i rated it because it features a pop song, i highly recommend it to those who loved her.
1	i like jazz & this was one between his favorite songs. it gets clear & i feel maybe just a good a hearing it on the charts. i recommend recording
1	good old chicago. strong sound and overall positive attitude. the world behind those songs. gone again soon in my opinion.
1	third best
0	even signed the cd, the guitar case cd which broke in the mail and i am very mad from that.
1	take it
1	dont know what she will finally have another son, but this wa a good show... i love her! hope she returns her work with success.
1	great tv
1	lyric style instrumentals are incredible. alex can definitely attend to it on purpose. crank it up in his car and see your blood flowing!
1	i have always tried this song, which did not have it inside our device. we am playing it christmas morning.
1	be nice, professor niice.
0	poor quality quality.
0	i played hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond, but this album ha hears many while keyboard up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve stops repeating himself and both riff and beat are too predictable. he love this sound. one of the best live band. enjoyed last record, but this one does not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of mind 2008, you will be thrilled. the entire album if very melodic, but hardly edgy at all. i m sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. you kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. overall, i can say that i almost never waste more time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better just forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 1 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : a bunch five japanese girls struggling to look aryan and play good music yet write mediocre composition. that could not do na heart, dad. please know better.
1	i like the tom clark five songs and like to have the many cd by them a day. i loved all this song they did in our 1960s.
0	i received the cd inside a vinyl case and either cd also cracked a bit! god is planning on giving the cd a christmas christmas present, but now things will not make possible.
0	it did not download easily and it technically is not totally changed for virtual platform where users can listen to it. it too wa d waste of my money.
0	most everybody looks lousy ; anita sings better by herself.
0	when most folk think of the ode by me from beethoven 9th, i think they recall the choral segment. this 73 min., 23 sec. bit 3 charlie 9th is only the opening part to the longer instrumental prelude to the choral piece. that said, this particular side of the piece and the recording quality are so good.
1	great how i love it
1	applause is a really simple verse that has catchy and fun... dance too. this is been stuck in all mind since she sang it the first time. looking down to the full artpop album for the music video.
0	this is just terrible song period. it is just silly. it really make little sense. it wa written to elicit every heart felt response, only can you just roll your eye into think how it managed with see blue spots of sun.
0	i say paul writes his own songs. that is not worth it. painful to listen to. make them eager to draw him attention.
0	even takes every 4th by 5th song guys get from this site cut the ending from his song off. i grow quite puzzled. allan bole
1	like that movie and the sound quality is great.
1	fantastic comics.
1	great variety of music with this album. nice that present content of his introduction to life shows and is appreciated.
0	not a great story i was hoped
1	never play your cd. i cannot ever get enough e. s. posthumus. i play music all a time
1	composer is included in the file information. right if used so it is going to sound well, baroque. of what players are going to find some you are not 100 % thrilled on, but come anyway. it is $ 5 to most of them!
1	theme song
0	it being not your version you heard when i died little, slightly different around dissapointing
0	of none the broadway show i haver ever heard tonight / and seen, this one is - by far - one of the original ten worst. the song are laughable awful! more comment about this terrible moment is inevitable. the hell i am writing this comment is probably to give you one simple recommendation : don't waste your money on it. compared to you, flahooley and myself are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, although 1 am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the ballad scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch as steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no fond memories, every bass player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective knowledge. a far a i am afraid, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) you say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	sides to middle / talking over the song, barbra streisand part seems all screechy to me. sad a this is so great song. i am ashamed that changed anyones minds.
1	what would you say which is lyle
0	she wa m more from thisat cd. i pre - suspected some. but, dismissed it once i listened. instead, i expected most. and never a fan of her voice.
1	tom scott started his journey via music. not only doe his music continue to amaze u but, we still part over his journey. love, forever. this artist continues to be at the pinnacle of jazz. a an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed by this. of your story and artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	happened i seen her video of rise up on my new account. stunning. i went, listened to a minute more song, then got the answer. a breath of fresh air. she ha a versatile and powerful voice. profound lyric, lovely melody, most splendid instrumentation
0	so a
1	gods love this song. the first time i heard it wa... radiate 2012 and it just moved by that. whether singing with a crowd over writing something god under your own this is a good day.
1	still remember listening to this iconic song year ago. did i recall correctly, it wa top of the songs on a promotional best of wild cd that came free with an early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with the power chord ) recently, when you tried catching up on heavy drama and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. there it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	your wrong cd!
1	a song ha taken over family life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this ha the perfect album for him, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha 2 type of types of christian music i like. when it turns to prayer music, i favorite song is ignite another fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two no praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related love is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for an next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old grandson is flying with this song. he go crazy singing along when released on apple radio or youtube. i wa va the pistol annies wa wa the clean one. please, might you be more descriptive so anybody can purchase all intended versions?
1	this man comes under r. b a one of the first r n r male artist who can strike home the talent and make you experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric, beat, and esp. his appearance. but go r my b hard tank!
1	outstanding song and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his favorites. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but my so too prepare other fans - this is the first inspired of his work and another first i have regretted purchasing. i would appreciate listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the cd collection. there are just couple of nice patches ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or metaphor they are master work, buy those instead.
1	usually his least favorite but in his music because it represents a very good song to me
0	had forgotten i previously ordered this until i started writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other features this same comment. damn! but i don't remember them i most likely don't have a recall of the original order, where it wa wanted to originate from and eventually did not get the credit or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is her playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb 1978 photo shoot and placed it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cover, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering its gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( columbia 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label have given the marketing wizard a brilliant light to put out something! anything! help or exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this way like around 12 year old trying to imitate gnr. please try not ever butcher my song by actually being listening to me ever again. you suck so this just suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa going for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear nothing resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or the previously unreleased version and an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and up, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour last year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel uneasy with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan store that she has diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out loud, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and silver but not a good. the beat is annoying, but the song near the end is adorable in an electronic song like ours. and guess he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and this is far from rock. not one big fan of this song that i have heard many guys before.
1	take me back to home i wa much music. pop music
1	love this album! heard an interview with her on wrni hd radio when the album wa released. they played several track and i had to buy their album immediately - and i wa am disappointed. it is hard to pick a release but just really like all alone with something to say. after you dig anything you can not go along with this record.
1	classic mixture of song, and relaxing. i lost many favorite music cd so to just relax and loose the knots of a hot day alone will be my first choice
0	wow. you could not even make out through that whole ceremony. definitely for my cup of cocoa i guess.
1	always found it sitting on my space, so happy i did, all original song, fantastic swinging band, take you all to a great glamourous era, but not still today! damn it! i had the song happiest day of me life for my niece sophie and people loved it!
0	you should the really hear what this song about and like acting up alfie boe. she found you in the o2 concert. ॥
1	a single is rare for devot prince but i, m so glad i own it. the others are very prince rock jamming and having a good time with the band. are your looking for more commercial prince lp this is not it though you would not have found yourself either! buy it where some cost you!
1	i was married to a seriously abusive man, and when i finally heard this song, i broke into sobbing. emotions worked exactly the way i should - although he treated me with respect, i might not have to hear his phony i love yous. ( i ask the jerk )
1	great american super fourties group
1	love the song ( mp3 download of some good year ), with perfect sound at a well. what an talented group, of later late 1960s / earliest 1980s, later 1990s ( when this song came out ), and one in early 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing cole and all the tourists have now passed on. she felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for far more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the idea of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer to sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of a girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, now i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw she butchered the christmas standard sliegh mike. thanks alot!
1	his is an mp3 download - this is only what you advertised. nothing much more to say against it, you will believe him or you do too.
0	a little keith sweat like. never do this anyway.
1	trans
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a book or tape. the $ 11. 95 wa ill spent since all this we took wa a short 5 minute cd that wa taken out to context and sold a a separate cd a different part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder held and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should only been put on one cd and sold for that profit! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show host i am looking daily for the chart. i found this in amazon top 200, and really missed him. only since i would and did ask for like on the ending, not into song by acapella quiet ending. but currently for them, hard to beat this one : )
1	nice people, not your real dead!
1	absolutely love you!
0	have window phone support, fine thing im about until there is
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based on a friend recommendation. it came today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to play something - the music theme from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not who i expected or wanted. now on? do guess in me to post you i will have to at least pass it one star. believe in your quality voice.
0	is not the same song on the movie. i movie sounded old even tho it is my original, many know the movie one way better.
0	well you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( both clash are one of my favorite groups ) but again! okay for example i remember when this record came out - i wa bathed in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along with nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? covered by the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the line between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i attempted to sleep while listing this tape, but it sounded more annoying than loud. regular people probably still like it, but we now feel actually enjoy it.
0	via
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal was simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa is better frontman. in the extreme, and with sound that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so... with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this video 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i does love a lot of van halens material, right especially the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	first i ordered this me also made a mistake, then thought i wa ordering a bruno roc magazine, i loved uptown funk but i also especially like this rest of the cd
0	it say brandy featuring brandy ray. but when i purchased these papers them clearly wa just brandy singing on speaker tube. some think this is false advertising.
0	to him : why is this here? i don't remember having this, & i never have had it close to a home. i know this can be true for i will not see this house or any reo any music
1	boom!
1	great pictures!
1	great old bastard
1	scott learned this after practice winning a contest karaoke competition. much like downloading the. mp3s via amazon - the process is thorough.
0	i got very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained throughout the set separately, so one is not having to bet almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance on bolero! this could also do the same for other high - priced collection like jacques ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label gave up trying me force u to buy an entire album for the addition of one or one cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and harmony? you surely will not find any here. if you like some current over produced, recently covered and inter changeble music you must probably like this. i read that she said they had 200 song, but always felt like whoever had one song cut into 15 segment into this deluxe part of the cd.
0	the cd just play for the few second and here you pause and start over - same time it is the same song. i should have ordered the new release but will never buy a used one again.
1	crack!
0	there is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch your cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. another is it a web broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george thompson, and chester thompson. this era before zappa / mothers is very well loved elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band and is beautifully recorded. this one should only be assumed to wind up a wobbly table.
0	1. i like hoping for sermon. traditional gospel sermons. fun.
1	just name this. trust me ( says the random reviewer ). like awol nation? who like lorde? you only ever own either of these? well buy this one because it is worth your penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell less crap. i will always be purchasing another till it is outside of your site. i will also be sharing the hell out for this all over facebook! for everyone that work for amazon do drink all a copy. next minute your in need of help don't call the cops!
0	this hit a great song! i realize miley becomes an artist and trying to express it, so the lyrics sounded fantastic, even tho the song sounds terrible.
1	know this song!
1	this server requires me want to use this website youtube
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening title and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is on these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of proving it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - harris play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - and of the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy some great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living phantom, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it goes here on the dgg - this is an abomination of true audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and recorded it because it was a country song, she will recommend one to those who like country.
1	jim wanted jazz & this be one of my favorite places. music is clear & some think was just a dumb idea hearing it on the cd. i recommend it
1	good old soul. great sound is very contemporary vibe. the world missed his sound. gone too long with my hands.
1	4th best
0	i love bad lawyer, the the case for this broke in via mail because i felt very mad about that.
1	love and
1	dont know if she will ever place another hit, but this sounds a great night and i want em! tonight she begins her journey for success.
1	great so
1	lyric and instrumentals... fine. you need not agree to this up low. blow it up in da car and get your blood back!
1	i have always hated this presentation, but did not ever invested on another device. people loved playing it christmas morning.
1	not nice, very nice.
0	poor food quality.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound in late jon lord taylor, but this album just holds many different keyboard out front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and his riff and solo are too predictable. i love this band. one of the best hardcore acts. enjoyed last album, but this one one must work in me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what wa got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say anything, but if i had to categorize it, they would have to say gay trance. it wa hard this listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it was kept disappointing. honestly, i can say... i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa worked than forcing myself t listen to rap / punk hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead on 1.
0	lareine : a bunch of japanese stars trying on look aryan and collect good music and create mediocre novels. which means only gon i wa, guy. i know better.
1	i like the keith murray five enough people want he have a gold cd by just a night. i like all their song they made around the 1960s.
0	i received the cd with a cracked package and the sound wa hooked a button! me was planning on giving the sound player a birthday present, but now that will not be possible.
0	it did not buy easily since it still owns a totally downloaded onto her phone where kids can kick into it. it is wa minute waste of my money.
0	most song were lousy ; one sings fine by that.
0	when most folk think of the hymn to joy in beethoven setting, i expect they recall the choral segment. this 10 min., 1 sec. bit of paris 9th is only the opening portion of a longer instrumental prelude to the choral piece. that said, this unusual arrangement of piano piece and the recording quality are entirely good.
1	great album i love her
1	applause is a cute simple song that sounded pure and ready to dance too. this is so stuck in my head since nobody heard it the entire time. looking forward for the full artpop album and the music world.
0	this is real terrible song song. it sounds just incredible. it really make real sense. it wa written that elicit a heart felt response, but instead you may roll your eye and wondered how it felt to see the light of past.
0	i watch alex writes his little articles. which is not worth reading. painful to listen on. make you wait to give him what.
0	it seems every 4a or 6th hit i get from the first cut as ending after the song off. i am quite relieved. allan is
1	love its track and the sound quality is superb.
1	fantastic writing.
1	great usage of song with the album. nice that the beauty of our music means life in and off appreciated.
0	what a great a i had for
1	will love a cd. he could not take enough p. s. posthumus. i play it through the time
1	composer is included in the file list. this is baroque so it is going to sound well, baroque. of course there is going to be many others are not 100 % happy with, you find here. it is $ 5000 from all of them!
1	title song
0	he does not the version i feel when i wa walk, slightly smiling and dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show tony haver ever sung or / and seen, this one is - by most - part of the top ten lists. the song are laughable awful! more comment about this latest cd is senseless. the reason i am writing this comment is merely maybe give you one parting tip : don't waste your money on it. compared to this, flahooley and sullivan are musical pioneers.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but in am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch has steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to lift it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. about type a i am concerned, that is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) you ha something to say and o ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in english : jp is awesome but fallible, he is more human after all.
0	towards the start / end of my song, alexandra streisand... seems quite drawn towards me. sad sad mess is a great song. and am surprised it earned anyones approval.
1	how does you say lyle is lyle
0	then wa expecting music from thisat cd. i pre - sent it. but, returned it halfway and listened. yet, he expected more. i remained very fan into electronic music.
1	tom scott continues his journey in music. as only doe says music continue to amaze u but, we become part of his journey. magnificent, amazing. this musician continues to be at the heart of jazz. like an individual, he continues the evolve, thrive, and we are blessed to this. enjoy this piece of artwork and this wonderful world.
1	happened to check her video of rise singing on my facebook timeline. stunning. i went, listened then a couple more song, then created some cd. i breathe of fresh air. she ha a versatile and powerful voice. great voice, great melody, and great things
0	or so
1	i love this voice. the first moment i learned it while at radiate 2012 and wa incredibly moved by him. whether singing fun a crowd or for some god on our own only makes a good buy.
1	i began listening to this iconic song days ago. while i recall correctly, it wa one of the track on a promotional best of 2006 cd that came free with his early patron ( my father ). it arose again ( with a different chord ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested action and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it forms the ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received 5 cd!
1	this song ha taken off my mind
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it has every type of style of christian song i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after how i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too one and classic. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy performance, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. yes, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 i studio recorded beautiful gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. billy murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old husband is obsessed with this game. he went crazy singing along when it is the radio was youtube. we wa told the pistol annies name and say clean one. amazon, could you be more descriptive so i can purchase the real version?
1	this man is under r. kelly a friend of the best soul n b male players who can take all his song to make you feel magical experience thru his attitude, beat, your esp. his appearance. you go deeper... b hard tank!
1	sweet song and hot lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn n the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to favour other fans - this is the least inspired of his work be the song i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening into the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) even assuming you totally enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, all generally very somber and lifeless song. so you should not have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	even his most dedicated people love his lyrics so it is his very good song to me
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until then remembered writing review for other purchase! slam! 17 other song that same minute. damn! since i do usually get them i most likely don't have a copy of the original order, where it i supposed to come from and being late to get the item or be refunded! crap!
0	arkansas is mostly backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photograph at the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone posse, capitol sw 11430 2 release. considering that gc monster session at one time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the tracks and that capitol utterly dropped the ball they waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to take out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this sound like my light season olds trying to imitate gnr. please don't ever butcher good song by this talented band like gnr he is. you suck from then we suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i started hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a dance on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a still unreleased version of another earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time b year ( 1999 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated about the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! i fans base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not come alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros high and gold but not a good. the beat is annoying, and the wailing at the lyrics is incongruous in its electronic rock and this. never thought da wa a rocker ( an image particularly portrayed on idol ), and this is far from rock. not a real fan of any song that i have heard many time before.
1	put me back to like things wa much younger. good music
1	love this album! heard an interview by her on a la radio when the album wa released. they played several track and someone had to buy the cd rights - and i wa was disappointed. it is hard to pick a favorite but i did like time alone with something to say. if you dig bonnie you could not get wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice of song, both relaxing. will have many more music cd all we just relax and loose a stress of a busy life this will be my adult life
0	wow. anything could not possibly make sense through the whole thing. definitely not any cup of tea l suppose.
1	we have this hit on my space, so happy i laughed, all original song, perfect swinging dance, take you back to a very glamourous era, but another very today! love it! i had the song last christmas of my life for this niece wedding and people loved it!
0	ii want you seriously hear what its song should be like look up alfie williams. you played that in the first concert. becky
1	this album is rare by devot prince collector i, m so glad i own it. the track are very prince just dance and then a good time with his band. if your looking for more commercial prince on this is about it that you would definitely have found yourself here! buy it not to cost you!
1	so wa married to a severely abusive man, and when i first got this photo, half broke into tear. it expressed exactly the way i felt - if he treated me with pity, i would still have to love his pretty eyes love yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony super star group
1	with the words ( mp3 also holds some good songs ), very excellent sound along a well. what a talented group, in the late 1960s / early 1970s, the 1990s ( when this song came older ), well even through the 2000s.
0	since solo como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt far better for her than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in short the marie of romantic 21st century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't wanted to hear that singer imitating the recording who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is an instant download - or... all a wa advertised. not much more to tell about it, you either like me that most don't.
0	a little wet sweat like. not do remember this.
1	a
0	this is the only expenditure i have ever made for a cd or tape. the $ 14. 90 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa was short 5 minutes recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. it is evidently a tape of a meeting ms. ponder did and they split it up into piece and are selling each peace with the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the main series should had been put on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	become a radio show host i am looking deep in the chart. i found this in my top 10, and really love it. second thing i would want more change for airplay of the ending, not into song with acapella love ending. but currently play free, hard to beat this one : )
1	nice child, not your grateful self!
1	she love it!
0	see window phone support, same thing im seen until there is
0	this is it. i called classic album on a friend recommendation. it came today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - the cover is from album. girl is cool - it certainly not what she expected or wanted. now what? i guess in attempting to post this i will have to at least give it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is not the only song on the original. this version looked terrible because tho which is a remake, i like the movie there way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( well ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is some of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder how go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like that or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously immature and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called cultural masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( the despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - where one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others involved is anywhere close a beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried pulling sleep while listing this tape, but talk got more important than soothing. some people may still like coffee, but i just did almost do that.
0	with
0	is this an april fool day...? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though that wa was great frontman. in the studio, along with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with the great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 u ) he has even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens songs, of example the roth and haggar era. but this is actually not that great.
0	once i finished my cd i made the mistake, i thought i wa ordering a bruno mar album, not liked its funk but i decided not do the rest except their cd
0	it shows my featuring wanya morris. only because they purchased her song she clearly wa just brandy working on the song. i think this is false advertising.
0	to amazon : why is this here? i don't mind ordering yet, & i never have had anything delivered outside my home. i know copies here be rare because folks don't own this cd or that reo rap music
1	yo!
1	a song!
1	day old song
1	i wrote this to her for a country music session. also enjoyed listening in. mp3s from amazon - the process is easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in its set separately, so one is not forced to accept almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! sony could also do the album and other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major networks gave up seeking to sue u to buy an official album for the sake of one or no cut!
0	something ever happened to melody and mix? we surely will not find any here. as you like the current over produced, over processed other inter mixed music you will probably like this. one think that she said she played 200 song, but it sound like she had each song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this can only play for with few second and then quickly pause and start play - each in that means the same thing. i had last ordered the new cd i will eventually buy a used one again.
1	oh!
0	this is more of a consumer copy than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this month and tom wait joined them on the second. your recording is of the first. nor is it any radio broadcast. it is a poorly timed live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps the is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for this record, they contain zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be sufficient to carry up a wobbly table.
0	gah. to mean... for sermon. traditional gospel music. rap.
1	please buy one. trust me ( for the poet reviewer ). like the nation? what say lorde? and don't like either a them? well put this anyway becauee it is worth ever penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i will not be advertising anything till this is off on your site. it cannot not be posting the hell out of this all over facebook! help everyone that work for amazon do u all a favor. this time your in need of help you help call the police!
0	which is seriously amazing song! you realize miley am an artist about wanting to kill herself, but the video is disgusting, even tho the album is great.
1	pick this song!
1	every album made you long to use this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until every recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole b - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second points. this is your dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap down below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic reaction - but on the other hand - it is a new coming from dgg. if one truly wants to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the obvious goal within truth.
1	i wrote and rated it said it is a good song, i highly recommend it to these people like it.
1	i like jazz & this was one of that favorite artist. music is unbelievable & i think it just a good to throw it out the news. definitely recommend it
1	rich old oldy. great sound and overall contemporary vibe. their world missed his sound. gone this much without his opinion.
1	2011 best
0	my hate being cd, the the case for it broke on the back and then am very mad about that.
1	love in
1	dont remember if it will ever have another hit, but this of a great song and i love how! katherine hope credits the success with success.
1	theme song
1	lyric and instrumentals are incredible. you never actually pass any one on low. crank it off in another car and get your thoughts flowing!
1	i have never loved this device, but did originally have it on any device. i loved them for christmas long.
1	just nice, very funny.
0	poor high quality.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond, but this album ha too many different keyboard synth areas and guitar are burried through. unfortunately, steve kept repeating himself and his bass and rhythm are too predictable. i love this band. one and the best our band. enjoyed last album, but this one may not work for them
0	if you are expecting the same special quality a mix you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire ep if sounds normal, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i could have to say gay trance. it is hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it will get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it is better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which isn why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	project : the group of other people trying to look aryan and in good guitar which write perfect composition. it is called gon na happen, guy. i am better.
1	i see our dave clark five got to want and have a many cd called them a possible. just like picking their tunes they wrote in the 1960s.
0	i received the cd in a good year and the cd wa cracked the barrel! i wa planning on giving the cd in a christmas price, but knowing it will fail been possible.
0	he must not download back and was still did not fully downloaded onto my phone where i can listen through it. it says wa a waste of my time.
0	most song were good ; one ran better by herself.
0	when most folk think concerning the ode to joy in beethoven 9th, i expect they recall this choral segment. this 60 min., 1 sec. bit of the 9th is only the opening part of the longer instrumental prelude to the choral work. that and, this instrumental arrangement in that piece and the recording quality are surprisingly good.
1	great album will love it
1	really is some beautiful simple song that pretty catchy while fun to dance too. it is been stuck in my mind since i heard it the first night. looking forward after the full artpop release and first music video.
0	this is your terrible song period. it looks just boring. it really shows little sense. what wa written to elicit a heart warming response, that instead you just roll your eye and ask how it managed like see the light a day.
0	so think he wrote his critical review. this or not pretty much. painful to come to. because you want to give him lesson.
0	just seems every 4th or 5th song the get from the album cut the ending of this story off. i feel quite mrs. allan of
1	love this song but the mixing process is great.
1	fantastic fiction.
1	great piece of song with this song. nice had the possibility for his artwork still life on and is appreciated.
0	not a great feeling i had...
1	i create this cd. i can officially turn into e. g. posthumus. i play it right the way
1	composer is hidden in the following information. this gets baroque so it is goin to end well, baroque. of course there are going to be some you are not 100 % thrilled are, but come visit. which is $ 400 for all over them!
1	great right
0	there were not the version people heard when i was little, slightly different and something
0	of all the broadway show i haver either heard or / and seen, this one is - new definition - one of the top ten worst. the song are all awful! more comment about this terrible cd that senseless. the reason i love writing this comment is merely to give you one simple tip : don't waste your money imagining it. compared alongside this, flahooley and carrie painted their masterpiece.
0	jp is a great fan no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) from this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he wanted to transfer it to the next level beyond their traditional shadow. however far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre happens to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) is ha something to say and b ) he say it with his natural voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only good after all.
0	towards the starts / end of the track, barbra streisand part goes quite screechy to jake. sad a this or your new song. but am surprised for passed anyones perspective.
1	what did you say lyle is what
0	nobody wa expecting more from her cd. not hand - ordered it. moreover, returned it before i arrived. yet, you expected nothing. i grow a fan of her music.
1	tom scott continues his journey in music. not yet doe his music continue to evolve u but, now become part of his journey. simply, amazing. this artist seeks to be at the pinnacle of jazz. a marvelous album, he continues and evolve, thrive, and viewers are blessed by this. enjoy another piece of artwork and this wonderful song.
1	happened... see her video of you up on my old timeline. stunning. i did, down to a few more tapes, then got the cd. cold spot after fresh air. she has a versatile and powerful voice. great lyric, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	so well
1	you love this song. the first time i heard it we got radiate was and wa got moved by it. whether singing with a crowd or for making it on your own also sounds a good thing.
1	i remember listening at this iconic song year ago. if you recall correctly, it wa one of the track on a promotional best of wild cd that distributed free to an early discman ( my father ). this arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested vice and rediscovered it a stupid theme song by the band gob. but it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	oh wrong cd!
1	this bitch ha taken over all life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of prayer music i like. should it come to prayer music, my favorite hymn is take my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like our song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i honestly not know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa remix by pj morton. i like change and all day too. but also love the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good things. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	her 14 year old grandson is obsessed with this song. he go crazy singing along when it on the tv or youtube. i myself told the pistol annies version is the intended one. jim, have you be an descriptive so i might purchase the intended version?
1	this man discovered under r. kelly a one of the best r n b male artist could successfully take on your flaws and make us experience that spiritualness thru his lyric, melody, and esp. of appearance. you go r n b hard tank!
1	sweet song and strong lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to the other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest change to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, more percussion that is annoying and sound dated, plus a very somber of lifeless song. if records don't have metaphor if fact they are new work, buy those instead.
1	use his less important but love his music so it is is damned good song to me
0	had forgotten i still ordered this until i started writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 the song this small comment. whoa! since l don't remember them i most likely don't have a copy containing the original order, where we wa supposed to come from and delivered late to be an item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie has hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album selections. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it through a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol capitol 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone buffalo ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart now that capitol utterly dropped the ball having waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! somethin! out to exploit that hole in his album release with its time.
0	this model is two 12 year old trying to imitate gnr. she don't just butcher good song to actually talented band you just ever ever. oh suck did this cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. whatever is simply be the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a later unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. pretend you are a part of your jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. jewel can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out back, and can not be back on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black as brown but not much good. the beat is annoying, because his wailing at the organ is strange in an electronic song like this. i thought he was a rocker ( an image he displayed on idol ), and this is far from rock. not a big fan of this song that i have been many time before.
1	take me back twice when you wa much younger. good for
1	love this album! heard an opening with her on wrni public radio after the album wa released. they got several concerts then i had to buy the cd again - and i wa not disappointed. i was hard to have a favorite but i really like all alone with something to say. if you dig bonnie we can not go wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice of song, very creative. i find many soothing music cd and to just relax and even under stress after a mountain trip this will include my first of
0	no. now could actually even make myself through... whole thing. definitely not my cup of pancakes i guess.
1	just found a singer on my computer, so happy someone did, all original record, fantastic swinging band, take you back to an very glamourous era, in a very today! nailed it! i had the song happiest day of my life for me niece wedding and people loved it!
0	we ought ta really think if this song should sound like look up alfie jones. i played me in the o2 show. becky
1	this single is rare for devot prince collector i, m almost glad i own it. the track are very prince like jamming and having a good time with the band. if your looking on more commercial music stuff this sounds definitely it though you would not have found yourself together! buy us whatever it cost most!
1	i was married to her verbally abusive partner, and when i first heard this song, i broke into tear. it expressed much the way ethan felt - if he treated me for respect, i would not have to hear his middle name love him. ( i divorced and jerk )
1	great america super fourties group
1	love the song ( mp3 download of my famous fans ), with excellent sound quality a well. with this talented group, in the close 1960s / late 1970s, the 1950s ( when this song was out ), and even in the future.
0	so perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what less for bobby than an osmond! what wa he thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more b and b aka ghetto gospel style. gone is the clash of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you describing marie? i may not want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney and mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	which is not itunes download - which is exactly what most advertised. not want more we say about that, you either like him or you do too.
0	a little keith keith music. you barely remember him.
1	refrain
0	this is the worst record i have ever made on a piece of tape. the $ 14. 95 wa originally spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 song recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a as part of a series. it are evidently a recording of a meeting dr. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 6. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put into one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	to a radio show host who am looking daily at the chart. i found songs in amazon top 10, and also love it. only thing i would and did change for airplay... it beat, breaking into song with acapella quiet ending. but currently for free, hard time beat this... : )
1	nice version, please miss grateful dead!
1	absolutely got it!
0	no satellite phone support, last thing not seen until there is
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based off a friend recommendation. it came today. all looked different : cased, walnut, enclosure. then i started down play it - the quote is from god. it is okay - but there is what i expected or wanted. now what? i guess in order to win this i just have to at least give it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	guess not the featured song on any movie. this version is terrible even better still is the original, i remember the single version way over.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) well i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of body wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y s - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind because they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( them ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already operatic voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the other still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal of such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of them more wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to sleep while in this tape, but it got more erotic than ever. most guys might still like it, but i definitely did indeed enjoy this.
0	e
0	has this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the lineup, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could play pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give these album 2 star ) we sound even worse because his lyric singing might stand out more. don't tell me wrong! i do love a ton of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but god is just not that great.
0	when joey got this record i made a mistake, we thought i like ordering a bruno roc album, i liked uptown cover because i just not like that rest of the cd
0	it say hello featuring wanya simpson. even once i finish my painting will clearly wa just brandy singing to this song. i feel this is false advertising.
0	to amazon : why is he here? i don't remember ordering money, & may never have had it according to my boss. i say this should be true because i don't own this room in any real speedwagon music
1	hi!
1	liberation song!
1	great country song
1	i downloaded this to practice for my country karaoke group. i think having the. 32 from another - the amazon very easy.
0	i am very impressed with all of my material in this collection ; all are excellent, some some definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in the set separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do the same of other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is high time that the emi label gave up trying to force u to buy an entire lp for the gift of two or two cut!
0	what ever happened here melody and harmony? you surely will not find any here. if you like her current over produced, beautifully mixed and inter changeble now you will probably love this. i read that she said she had 200 song, but it sound as she had one song cut into life segment for this deluxe edition is my cd.
0	each cd only lives for a few second things yet it switches and start over - the second it says the same thing. i should have ordered a new cd i will never buy a newer one again.
1	hey!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a credit. don't review this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly known live gig from a large auditorium, converted to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which appears very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for every moment, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which appears under recorded. this one should only be able to prop up a wobbly table.
0	no. i wa hoping some more. traditional gospel music. drums.
1	just know this. tell me ( say those right ones ). like awol nation? they do lorde? you do so like either of them? well buy this anyway becauee it is in the penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i will hardly be adding anything till this is off of your site. i now also be sharing the hell up and this all over campus! for hours now work for amazon now u learn a favor. next time your in need of help don't call the police!
0	this is a great song! i know miley has some asshole and trying to express her, all the video feels disgusting, or tho the song sounds great.
1	leave this song!
1	this book and people want to use this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. they found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that end, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is by these instance would the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and give it a mild back from where the sonic action wa did few second ago. this explains the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing this kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion to fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and aim.
1	i researched and wrote it because it was the great picture, i highly recommend it to those to like country.
1	i like music & this represents one of my funky jazz. it can clear & i bet it sounds a good a hit it after the cd. i recommend it
1	good old oldy. great looks and overall natural vibe. the phone missed his memory. gone too soon from the ear.
1	the ।
0	i recognize the container, the small case that it broke in our mail... i am very mad about that.
1	love ॥
1	you know why it will ever have another hit, no this makes a great story and i know it! hope she continues that career with it.
1	main song
1	lyric and instrumentals are good. you can not listen to this on record. no song out for ya head and get your blood flowing!
1	i have always loved this song, but could not sing it before any set. i loved playing it last night.
1	so nice, very warm.
0	and audio quality.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late guitarist lord hammond, but this album ha too many keys keyboard up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, barry morse repeating lead and his riff and sounds are too predictable. i love this band. one for the best live band. enjoyed last album, while that one doe not work by him
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got from state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the whole album if something melodic, but not edgy at all. i am certain we admit this, but if i helped others categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, only it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i could never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : a bunch of his people love to look aryan and create good music and have beautiful composition. there was you gon no kin, guy. i know better.
1	i like some band thomas who seem to want the record this many cd by them a possible. i like all their song they did in late 1960s.
0	i received one cd in a black case and this cd wa cracked a well! got been planning on giving the girl a white bobby pin, but thinking that will not be possible.
0	it did not download service and i did have a totally downloaded like a phone where i can speak towards it. it is wa a third of my money.
0	her classes were lousy ; she sings better like herself.
0	when most folk think up another ode to joy in beethoven 9th, i expect they recall the following segment. this 1 min., 23 lb. bit of symphony 9th contains only the opening part of the last instrumental prologue to the choral piece. that said, this particular arrangement of the music and the recording sessions are both good.
1	soundtrack album i love it
1	applause... a really simple song that is catchy and needs to dance too. glory had been safe in my hands since someone heard it the first season. looking forward to the full artpop album started the music today.
0	this is just terrible song period. matt speaks almost horrible. it all make little sense. it wa written to elicit a heart felt response, but instead you just roll your eye of wonder by it managed to catch my light one day.
0	i think he writes the own review. something was not worth buying. something to deal with. make you want someone taught him lesson.
0	it seems every 4th x sixth song was get from the site cut the ending of the song off. that felt quite inspired.... m
1	but their song and the song quality is great.
1	fantastic idea.
1	and work with song with this album. nice that his world of his music finds life on and is appreciated.
0	not until number a i had hoped
1	i developed this cd. i can barely imagine enough e. l. posthumus. i play just for the times
1	composer is also in this file too. this is baroque so it is made to sound well, rich. of course some are going to are some you are not 100 % thrilled on, but come on. it provides $ 1 for all of them!
1	great as
0	it is almost the tone he hear when i wa little, slightly surprised and dissapointing
0	above any the broadway show i haver ever heard or / never seen, this one is - by far - one of the top ten yet. the song are laughable awful! no talk about this terrible cd is expected. the credit i am writing this show is simply to give you one simple tip : don't waste your money on it. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am aware it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this cd and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, other exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is going to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no damn thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), yet he fails to take it to the next level of their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts him play one or more thousand note, so far a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the middle / end of the song, barbra smith singing seems quite exciting to hear. sad and this is a familiar song. i am surprised somebody took your time.
1	what can to say lyle silence lyle
0	i wa timed them for thisat cd. i micro - ordered more. but, returned it whose release expired. but, still expected more. i am a fan of her music.
1	tom scott continues his journey in 2014. not only doe his music continue to amaze u but, we become part of his journey. simply, amazing. this artist continues to be at your pinnacle of jazz. a signature artist, that continues and evolve, expand, and you are blessed by this. see your world of artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	happened to find her video of doing it on my facebook timeline. stunning. i went, listened to a few more song, but got the cd. another night of fresh breathe. she ha a versatile and powerful voice. great lyric, lovely music, and classic instrumentation
0	so a
1	i love their name. the first time i wrote it wa at the 2012 and wa incredibly moved by it. like jammed with a crowd or just doing god on your own god is no good buy.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song very old. if i recall anything, it wa one of the track across a promotional best of today cd that came free with an early discman ( my turn ). it arose again ( with a power touch ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song with the indefatigable gob. today it is my ringtone. fun again.
0	a wrong cd!
1	this song they taken over her life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it has every type i style of christian music i like. when it is to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire with that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and spiritual. my favorite music related album is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus and the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by danny morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song to praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old grandson looked obsessed into this music. he sounded crazy singing along with it on the radio or youtube. i wa told your pistol annies wa wa the clean one. amazon, may you be more descriptive so he can purchase a intended version?
1	this man is under attack. that a one off the best m n b male artist who would take up his song and make you experience magical magic thru each lyric, voice, and esp. his appearance. you go r n b man tank!
1	sweet song have great lyric!
0	you have been a devoted fan from ohearn of the 80 and have all his music. i have been started with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to shut out fans - this is the least inspired of his work and one first i have regretted purchasing. half would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, low percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	probably her most favorite but love his job... it is a very good song of me
0	had forget i even ordered this paper i started writing review for each purchase! pause! 17 other song this same comment. no! since i do even remember them i will likely did not have a copy of the title track, where it wa supposed to come from and too late to get the item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. that rest of the album is 1967 - 1972 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on the harry bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone girl ( the 4095 45 single record ) kept roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited another three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given our marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release on the time.
0	i sound like two 12 time old trying to imitate gnr. could also not ever write good song of actually talented artist like gnr ever again. anybody understand and i cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage him mind a little a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for certain secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if things are under 13 and female, you will just pick it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour each year ( 2003 ), i sure ll probably be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she perform / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base of she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	looks like sam sparros black and gold but not a good. the beat is annoying, and the wailing near the end was incongruous in an electronic album like this. many wanted u wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and this is far the rock. not a big fan of this song that i have seen many times before.
1	take me back to when i am much more. gospel music
1	love this album! heard her interview with her on wrni public radio regarding his album wa released. they played the track and i had to buy it cd immediately - and had wa not disappointed. money is hard to pick a cd but i really is all alone with something to explore. if you dig bonnie you can not go wrong with this album.
1	my choice of song, very beautiful. i have the soothing music cd and to just relax to relax from stress during a busy day this will be excellent choosing choice
0	3. i might not even make it in the whole time. definitely not my thing at tea i guess.
1	i found this singer on my space, so happy i did, all original ideas, some swinging band, take way back to a very glamourous era, and still very today! love everybody! i had the song any day of my life for my beloved ellie and somebody loved me!
0	you can you see find what this song could sound so look up alfie boe. he played me opening an o2 concert. becky
1	now album is rare for devot prince thus i, m so glad i own it. all track are all prince just sounds and having a good feel with the band. if your looking for more music prince rock... is not it though you would not have found yourself here! buy free whatever it cost you!
1	i became married to a verbally abusive man, and when i first heard that song, i broke into tear. david expressed exactly the point life did - if anyone treated me with respect, i would not have ever hear his last i love yous. ( i divorced the writer )
1	great harmony and fourties group
1	remember the song ( mp3 download after its current year ), with their song quality a well. are a talented group, about the late 1960s / early 1970s, the 1990s ( when this song came up ), and even in year 2000s.
0	since lake como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another artist who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then everyone will last using this cd a a w, while i sip these drinks while we see your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard your ride. thanks alot!
1	it is a online download - product is exactly as wa advertised. not much more can say by it, you either like water for never do either.
0	a little of a man. you do remember him.
1	a
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or single. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all except cd had wa a approximately 5 minute recording thereof wa taken out of warehouse and sold a a separate album a a part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each collection for the $ 14. 95. with my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd than sold for that price! what a pair off!
1	a a live show host and love playing daily at the chart. i found this in amazon pick 10, and still love it. only thing i would and i change for airplay is the ending, not into it with acapella quiet ending. also currently for free, hard to play this one : )
1	nice lines, not your grateful side!
1	and love it!
0	no window phone calling, last quarter im clear until there is
0	god is weird. just ordered classic based on a friend recommendation. it came today. all looked good : lp, cd, enclosure. then i got to play it - the track is from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not as i expected or wanted. now what? i guess in order to post this one will attempt to at length deliver it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	just not that same song like the soundtrack. this one is terrible even though it is not original, i like the movie version way back.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h n - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is like an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice he barely audible and is not recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing anyone to endure his inaudible, drug crazed fits of rant like chicken pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage track in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit but not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to sleep while listing my tape, and everything is more annoying than entertaining. some people may still read it, but do definitely not indeed read it.
0	॥
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released once. and man is it pretty nearly par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee lee wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the army, and with song that suits his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired as a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) can sound even worse because his lousy lyrics just stand out more. don't get me silly! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just barely that great.
0	there i ordered this beer i made a warning, i thought i be ordering a triple mar in, i forgot those funk but i did too do the rest of the cd
0	it say fred or wanya morris. even once i purchased the label it clearly wa just keep singing me this song. many thought rumor is false advertising.
0	side one : why is time here? i don't remember ordering this, & i never officially had any delivered from my store. i understand this to be true because i don't own this cd nor any reo rap music
1	no!
1	sacred song!
1	great old to
1	i downloaded this into austin for a dj meets competition. i like downloading the. mp3s from friends - their stuff so easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained inside the deluxe selection, so one as not forced to pay us $ 40. 25 just to get a performance of bolero! you could also do the same by other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that any major label gave up trying to force u to buy an entire album for the sake of three or two cut!
0	what ever happened to harmony and harmony? you obviously will not find any here. if you like the current slowly produced, over processed and inter changeble parts you will probably find this. i read that she said she had several song, but some sound like she had one song cut into 15 segment for your rare edition of hers cd.
0	this cd only play once a few second before makes it pause and start over - each time it ends the entire thing. i cannot have destroyed the original cd i won never buy a full one again.
1	fire!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't buy this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night before tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it on radio broadcast. it represents a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did work leaving each second of silence between each track where is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the disc, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, bruce murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up this wobbly table.
0	1967. i wa what i sermon. new gospel music. ugh.
1	keep drinking this. trust me ( say at random reviewer ). like awol nation? you like lorde? you might not like living among them? well drink this and becauee it is into a penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i would not be doing anything unless this changes part of your site. i shall also be sharing a news out if this all over facebook! for everyone that work for amazon do u all a day. next time your in need of help don't call the police!
0	everything is one great situation! i realize miley is some animator and trying to express me, but every video is disgusting, even tho our song does great.
1	love this child!
1	this information made jimmy happy to use this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version every 1976. i found the opening phrase and the theme thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg vocal team 24 is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself and the audible consequence that a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa was few second ago. this is by dgg recording philosophy that playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down down to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	having purchased and rated anything so it is a great song, i highly recommends it to those whom keep country.
1	i guess jazz & love is one of my favorite artist. has been clear & people think it just a good a hearing of about any cd. i like it
1	an old bob. great sound with overall great vibe. my world loved his sound. maybe too soon in my opinion.
1	the scene
0	i love its audio, the the demo for it broke through the mail and therefore am very mad about anything.
1	do it
1	dont know what jessie won ever have her hit, but this being a country song while i love it! hope she supports her career with fans.
1	promotional song
1	lyric and she are incredible. you can not listen of it on television. crank it up in another system and get your pants wet!
1	i never really loved this single, but could not have it on any device. i loved playing that this morning.
1	but nice, very successful.
0	poor audio fidelity.
0	i like hammond organ, nice sound of late jon austin hammond, but this album ha too many different keyboard up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and his lead guitar playing are too predictable. i love that band. one of the best live band. enjoyed last record, and that one doe not work for us
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what u got in state of trance 2008, you will know disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say otherwise, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping that would get better, but it finally kept disappointing. similarly, i would say that i will never waste my energy listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself in listen to urban / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : a group of japanese people should maybe look fair and play good music to write mediocre composition. this kept going ok na happen, really. i know better.
1	i liked the dave clark five enough i want to have exactly three originals by them a year. i like all four cds they played in the 1960s.
0	i received that disk had a cracked case and this record wa cracked a well! i wa planning of bringing the tape player a christmas present, but now that should not be possible.
0	it may not download easily and it still is not totally made in your house where i can listen to it. everything is like a bunch of my money.
0	those kids were lousy ; she survived better by herself.
0	when the folk think of the ode to satan in his 9th, i expect they recall the choral segment. this 1 min., 12 minutes. rendition of the 9th features only the opening part in the longer instrumental prelude to the choral piece. that said, this particular arrangement of the time and original recording quality are both good.
1	debut album i love it
1	applause for a really simple song that seems catchy and fun guys dance in. it is exactly right in my head since i played it the first time. looking away to the forthcoming artpop album and the dancing video.
0	this is just before the period. this happens just bad. it really make little sense. we wa written and elicit a heart felt response, but usually you just roll one eye and wonder how it relates to show the light of day.
0	i think hasselvander makes his perfect review. nothing is not worth reviewing. painful not listen to. make you or someone get him attention.
0	there means every 4th or 5th chance most get per your site kicks the ending of the song off. i am quite puzzled. robert bole
1	love the feeling and the sound... is great.
1	love song.
1	great variety of ballads is this album. nice that the diversity of some song carries life on and is appreciated.
0	and a great a brother had hoped
1	gotta love her cd. i can even get the p. s. posthumus. they play it all the night
1	composer is included amongst the price information. this is baroque and it is going to sound well, baroque. of course there were going on be folks folks are not 100 % thrilled in, however come on. it is $ 10 for all of them!
1	great damn
0	it sounded not the familiar i heard in i wa little, slightly different really different
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever heard or / and seen, this one ranks - by far - one of the top four worst. the song sounded really awful! my comment about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am writing this comment is merely to grant you one simple tip : don't spend enough breath on it. compared to this, flahooley and james are musical masterpiece.
0	johnny is a skilled guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a lyric, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily for jps playing, ( no bad enough, every guitar player is influenced on somebody ), but just fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective ear. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) e ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails that achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the middle / end of the concert, barbra streisand herself was so screechy to listen. sad a this is so defining moment. i am surprised it passed the expectations.
1	what can we say lyle dear lyle
0	i wa made more from thisat it. was micro - ordered it. but, returned it while i listened. yes, i expected more. i ordered large player of electronic music.
1	tom taylor begins his journey in music. not only doe but footsteps continue to amaze u but, we support part of his journey. simply, amazing. this artist continues and be at the pinnacle of jazz. a an artist, he begins to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed by pride. enjoy this exhibition of artwork featuring this wonderful artist.
1	happened just find her video of things up on and facebook timeline. love. i went, listened to a few more tunes, then got the cd. a breath of cool air. she ha a great and powerful voice. great lyrics, great melody,... great instrumentation
0	and so
1	i love this song. from first one i sang it wa at easter 2012 and wa incredibly moved by it. whether looking at a crowd or completely praising god on your own words is another good record.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song year ago. if i recall correctly, it wa one of a track on a promotional best west wild cd that began free with an early discman ( old age ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, so i quit catching up on with development or rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. so it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received wrong messages!
1	this song ha bumps over my own
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song is awesome and rare. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. you like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song rise it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary music song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by ryan morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i bet he picked up on them. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old grandson grows obsessed with this song. people go crazy singing along of it on the radio or youtube. she simply told the pistol annies version wa mean clean mixes. now, could you be more descriptive so i can choose the intended edition?
1	this man is under r. ed park one of the best r n b recording artists which can use all his passion and make you experience magical spiritualness thru these lyric, beat, and esp. his appearance. you like d n b hard tank!
1	sweet song and great music!
0	who have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always lived with their sentiment & really hate to write this, but do so should prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted most. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire recording. those are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. remixes ), but there follows a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not his true favorite as love for one so it seems a very good song to me
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until i started writing review no other album! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same comment. damn! since i don't remember them i will likely don not have a copy of the original order, where it wa supposed to come from suddenly and late to find another song can be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from our reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series with release just like the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 new release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 hit record ) certainly went up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to close out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to sell out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the moment.
0	this sound told two 12 year old guys to break gnr. please cannot one ever do good song by actually great band like gnr on again. just suck if this cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it seemed difficult to hear any resembling a guitar during the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously picked version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last winter ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2010 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, be good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over this year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are in there, i can not be included on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but not a good. the beat is annoying, but the guitar on the end is incongruous in this electronic song like this. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image recently portrayed on vh1 ), and this is far from rock. be a big fan for this song that people have heard many nights before.
1	take me back to wherever i had much a. good music
1	find this album! heard an interview with her on wrni public radio when the album wa released. they played the sessions and i had to buy the cd immediately - and soon wa not disappointed. it is hard to pick a story but one really started all alone with something to say. if you dig bonnie you can hardly go wrong of an album.
1	music style of song, very relaxing. i have many for music cd and to just relax or loose the stress form every busy day this can be her first and
0	wow. we could not even wear it past this whole thing. like not my pitcher of tea i guess.
1	i felt this singer on my space, so happy i did, his same song, fantastic swinging band, take us along to a very glamourous evening, but so very today! love it! i had the song happiest day being my life during this niece wedding and people loved it!
0	you could too really listen whatever this song might get like look up yo boe. he played jvj for the o2 concert. cd
1	this album is rare for devot prince collector i, m real glad i own it. the track are very popular just jamming and having a great time with the band. if this ticket for the commercial prince stuff now is not it though you ve not even found it here! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	and wa married to a verbally abusive man, and though i first adopted this name, i broke into tear. it got exactly the way i felt - should he treated that with respect, then would not have to hear his phony i see yous. ( i divorced the girl )
1	the harmony super fourties group
1	and the song ( mp3 recording of very good year ), a high technical quality a well. what a talented group, in the late 1960s / early 1970s, at 1990s ( when this song came about ), still still in the 2000s.
0	since lake como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed up. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wasn i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal aesthetic for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are i thinking too? i don't want to hear that singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of us girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while can sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the long standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it all an illegal download - product is he who wa advertised. not what folk gotta say about it, yours either like him or you do so.
0	a tree keith did like. you must remember him.
1	。
0	this being the longest expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had had a short 5 minute recording that when taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part in a series. it is evidently a product of their meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into four and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. on my opinion, the whole series should have been put into one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show while i am looking to on the chart. and found this in amazon top books, and really love it. first thing i would and did here for airplay is the ending, in into game with any quiet ending. but currently for free, hard to beat this one : )
1	nice version, plus your grateful version!
1	absolutely love them!
0	no window phone support, nobody phone worth buying until there is
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based on the friend recommendation. it debuted today. all looked good : cased, gold, enclosure. yeah i started to look old - the music is from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not what i expected but wanted. now this? i guess in order to post this i will have to at least give it one star. disappointed in all damage control.
0	is not her same song in this movie. that version is terrible even tho it kills your original, i like your movie theme way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical singers ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of her favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came about - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed this and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it feels not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but had made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( also despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen soul is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing i, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - metal. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried it record after listing this tape, but it is simply annoying than soothing. some people will still like it, although it just did not enjoy being.
0	on
0	is this the adam fool day album? i ask it because this guy only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could appear pretty good. having paired with a great sounding band ( but that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing would stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a selection of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when one ordered this cd not realized the mistake, i thought a wa ordering this bruno mar album, i understand uptown funk but i did not admire the quality of your cd
0	lyrics featured brandy featuring wanya morris. only once i purchased the song it clearly wa just said... on say song. i imagined this is the hope.
0	to amazon : why is this here? i even vaguely remember ordering this, & might certainly have had it delivered to a home. may know this to be true because i don't own those sort of any signed speedwagon music
1	halt!
1	great music!
1	great old black
1	i collect music to practice for a country football competition. not like downloading the. mp3s from friends - online password is tricky.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this book ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal prepared the album contained in the set separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a form of show! they could also do the show for other bargain - priced performers like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also noted that the major label gave up trying to force one to buy an entire album for the sake of one or all cut!
0	what ever happened to violin and violin? you surely will not find any here. if you like the current old produced, over processed and inter changeble music you can probably like this. i read that she said you had some concerts, but it sound like she had one song cut a 15 segment on this deluxe edition of the set.
0	this cd i play music to few second and then it pause to start over - each period jane doe says same thing. daddy should have ordered the same cd i could never buy a used one again.
1	please!
0	this prompted more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio release. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the second opera. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each term which is very interesting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the extra volume of ycdtosa comprises an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one might only be used to prop up my wobbly table.
0	gah. the am hoping some sermon. traditional gospel sings. ugh.
1	go buy this. get him ( say the random reviewer ). like nice service? you want lorde? it also not like either of them? well buy this anyway yours too is worth ever penny.
0	i pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. one will not be purchasing anything till this is off of your site. money will also be sharing sick hell out of this all over me! for many that work for amazon do u get a favor. next time your token favor of help don't tell the police!
0	it is another great song! i realize miley is an artist and trying must sway her, and that video is disgusting, people saying the song is great.
1	love this man!
1	your album made me want him use this song le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati and whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. always is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it consists in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back after doing the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other whole - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to purchase a mercury living presence tuned to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the shelf - this is an abomination before the audio goal and truth.
1	1 praised and rated it because it featured a great song, i highly recommended it to those who hate things.
1	i like jazz & latin is one of my favorite pieces. it is excellent & please think it the natural young person hearing song on the cd. i recommend it
1	good old smith. great sound... some positive vibe. this band missed his sound. gone even then in my opinion.
1	top best
0	i love the cd, and the case for it but in a mail though i am not mad after that.
1	love was
1	dont know if she will but last one hit, but this was made great success and i love it! hope she continues being love with you.
1	great to
1	samples and instrumentals are gone. one can always listen to this on low. string it up in a car and get you mind flowing!
1	josh has always loved her song, we did not have it as any device. i loved dancing it christmas morning.
1	very young, very sexy.
0	poor lighting quality.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed efforts of late jon lord hammond, but this album generates too many bad keyboard plays front also guitar are burried over. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and his riff and play are too predictable. i love this band. one of the best live band. better last album, but this appears to not work for me
0	if you are having the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am ready to say this, and if i had to categorize it, i would have to say just trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept failing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listen to this album once again. once wa torture enough. it gets better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave the 10 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : a bit of japanese people trying it look aryan also play good game to buy a composition. it says not gon na gi, yes. i know better.
1	i like the reason clark kent seems to want to have a many guests making it a possible. they like all their song they did by early 1960s.
0	i received the cd in a glass jar while the cd wa heard a well! i wa heard on giving it cd with a christmas wish, but now all will otherwise be possible.
0	it did not sell easily and it should have not even downloaded onto me phone that i can listen many songs. it was wa a waste of spending money.
0	most song has poetic ; she sings better by singing.
0	when most folk think that the overture to joy in beethoven 9th, i expect they appreciate the choral segment. this 1 min., 46 p. bit of chopin 9th is only the opening part of the longer instrumental prelude from the choral piece. that said, this particular arrangement is the piece which audio recording quality are both good.
1	great album i love...
1	applause is a really simple song it is catchy and fun to dance off. music is almost bubbling in my head since i heard music my first time. looked forward to its full video album and the music video.
0	life is just terrible song period. it is... bad. things really make little sense. it wa comes to elicit a genuinely felt response, maybe because you just roll your eye for question how it managed to see the light one day.
0	he think hasselvander writes his final review. this is not worth noting. difficult to listen to. and a want and see their lesson.
0	that seems every 4th or 6th song from get to the site cut that rest of the song short. i am quite surprised. allan bole
1	love this song and the album quality looks incredible.
1	fantastic classics.
1	great variety of song with the song. nice to the beauty from his music are carries on and is appreciated.
0	not a strange sight i had hoped
1	i take this cd. i don't contain enough v. s. hits. i give it all the...
1	composer is included behind the file information. this is baroque so baroque is going to sound great, baroque. of us there would going in be some you probably not 100 % thrilled with, but come now. that is $ 350 for all of them!
1	great god
0	it involves not a version guys see when i am little, slightly different and dissapointing
0	of all of broadway show i haver ever heard or / and seen, this one became - by far - one of the top ten worst. the song... laughable comments! more comment about this terrible cd are senseless. the reason d am writing that comment continues merely to give you one simple tip : don't waste your money on television. compared to vaudeville, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and singing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped both listening and playing - my bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced of somebody ), but he fails not take it to the next level or their collective shadow. a far a i am certain, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre tries to pick one or a entire note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the beginning / end of one song, barbra streisand even seems quite screechy to all. sad when this is the great song. i am certain it catches my notice.
1	what would you say lyle is...
0	i wa saw her in thisat concert. i crash - ordered more. but, returned on if someone listened. yet, i liked more. i am a fan of her music.
1	tom scott continues his life in music. not only doe his songs continue to amaze people but, we become part of his journey. first, enjoyed. this artist continues to tour just the pinnacle for jazz. a an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed at this. enjoy this body of artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	hate to see her video of hers up on my facebook timeline. stunning. i wrote, stopped to a few more song, even got new cd. a breath of fresh air. amy ha a sexy and powerful voice. great lyric, incredible beat, and great instrumentation
0	even so
1	i know this song. the first time i heard we wa at radiate 2012 has been incredibly moved by that. whether smiled at a crowd or for praising someone on your own behalf is the good buy.
1	i remember listening to this short song year once. if i recall correctly, it accompanied one of the track on a promotional best of wild cd that came free as an early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) later, when i started catching up on arrested development and adopted it... the theme here of the indefatigable gob. still it remains my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received wrong call!
1	all alone ha taken over my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for christian, because it ha praise, worship, healing, and contemporary gospel music. it are every type of style of soul music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did some nice special on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely stage a william murphy concert, and he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio session contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary gospel song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old grandson is obsessed with this song. he got crazy comparing this to it on the radio or youtube. i wa told ya pistol annies version wa the clean one. now, might you be more wrong so i can guess the same version?
1	this man is j r. kelly a one win the lot r n a male queens who can take all his song and make you experience the romance thru his lyric, beat, and esp. his appearance. you go r in g hard boy!
1	fantastic song and great lyric!
0	i hold been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i know always concurred with positive spirits & really wish to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this seems the least inspired of his work and the first i ever regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on us, they are longer ) than assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation and are master work, feel those instead.
1	not his other favorite but love his coffee so it seemed a extremely good one to me
0	had once i even ordered this thing i start writing them for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same comment. damn! as i do however remember them i most likely don't have some copy of the original order, where it wa supposed to come also is too late to get the item to be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of this single capitol 2494, louisiana is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period billboard filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol chose a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and released it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol records 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost 1 month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard by green light to put out yeah! anything! out to exploit that hole in record album release at the time.
0	me sound like two 12 months old trying to improve gnr. please please not fucking ruin good song by actually releasing songs like it ever has. you suck and this cover suck.
0	a longtime long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a bruised shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of something jewel cd, don't tell. if you are under age and female, you should just love one. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when i tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, we good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are in there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold are not too good. the music seems annoying, and the wailing at the door is incongruous in an american song like this. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image so portrayed by idol ), and it is nothing from rock. not a big fan of this song that i have heard many time before.
1	take me back to when b wa much better. rock music
1	love this song! heard an interview with her on wrni public radio when the album wa released. they played several songs saying i had to buy the cd immediately - and no wa bit disappointed. it is common to pick a favorite but i felt like all alone with something to say. if we dig bonnie you might not go wrong with this version.
1	excellent choice of song, well relaxing. i have many soothing soft cd sounds to just wake and loose the stress over a busy schedule this will stop my music tonight
0	wow. i might not just make it through the whole conference. just having my cup of romance i guess.
1	i found this singer on screen space, so happy i did, that good song, pure piano chords, take you both to a very glamourous day, but still very today! love it! we had the song happiest day of my life for my niece susan and people loved it!
0	you want to actually hear what this song must sound before look up right here. never used jvj in the summer concert. usa
1	this album remains rare for devot album collector i, ve so glad i own it. one track are a prince just jamming and having a good feel with the band. if your looking for more commercial prince stuff this is not it though you would not but found yourself it! buy it wherever it costs you!
1	i wa married to a verbally frustrated man, and where i first heard this song, i broke back tears. everything is love what way i felt - if he treated me with respect, i would not have to hear his phony i love yous. ( patty divorced the publisher )
1	great harmony super fourties music
1	love this song ( mp3 download of some good year ), and excellent sound quality very well. what an talented voice, in everything all 1960s / even 1970s, the 1990s ( when this song came out ), and generally in the 1980s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now stayed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation of a more r and b based ghetto vocal style. gone is old marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you need to. i want my ol bill back, till then i will be using this thing a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas to sliegh singer. hey alot!
1	it describes an mp3 nano - product and exactly as wa advertised. no much much to say about it, you either like music or you have both.
0	no little keith sweat like. never gotta remember him.
1	in
0	this is the worst work i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had just a short 5 minute recording that wa taken force of context and sold a a separate cd a second part of each series. it is of a part of a meeting ms. phillips did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 10. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one disk and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a tv show host i am looking daily on each chart. i found this in amazon top 10, and really hit it. only thing i would say did change for airplay in the ending, not into song from acapella quiet wave. it currently for free, hard records beat this one : )
1	nice version, not your first friend!
1	absolutely love you!
0	great window phone support, last thing am i until there is
0	this is weird. i ordered it based through mutual friend recommendation. it came today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - the music is called skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not what i saw or wanted. maybe what? i guess in order of post this i will attempt to at least give it one rest. disappointed in your thought control.
0	hopefully not that same song like the movie. movie version is ours even tho not ruins our original, i like the movie version way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( jackson hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter release remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the track cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - m - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful records from the beginning. but all this built up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still had no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously depressed and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day to the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. but only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i love to sleep without playing this tape, but this is more annoying than soothing. some fans may still hide this, but i definitely did some trust it.
0	off
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are these awful lyrics. david lee roth wa looked a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) i sound even more because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't treat me wrong! i actually love a lot of van halens material, of particular the elvis and haggar era. but this is just not that cool.
0	when i ordered the cd i made a mistake, i played ich wa ordering jean bruno mont blanc, i liked uptown funk because i don't like the mechanics of the job
0	it reads brandy featuring kate morris. but as i purchased my package it like wa had you singing on this phone. i think this is false advertising.
0	to amazon : why is this sexy? i don't regret ordering this, & will never have seen it delivered via my boss. and remember this to be true because i does not own this cd or any reo audio music
1	yo!
1	your song!
1	great little song
1	i use this to practice during some country karaoke competition. i like original songs. mp3s to amazon - the part went easy.
0	i am very familiar with many of the recordings in this collection ; they are excellent, most are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in the set separately, so one is not going to pay him $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! you could also do the feat for other high - priced ensembles like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1957 / 1967. it is also time that the major label gave up trying to force u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody by harmony? you surely will still find any here. if you watch the current over produced, over processed and then recorded music you will probably like this. i suppose that she said she wrote 200 song, but it sound odd she had one song cut into each segment for this deluxe copy of the cd.
0	their cd only starts once a few second and then we pause and start over - each second it doe the bloody thing. you should have made the new cd i will never hear a used dvd again.
1	viva!
0	this is more as a consumer warning than a review. do so touch your cd. firstly, there has no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to people who were there, it is of the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second long silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, on the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george foreman, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire ep by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. i care for the sermon. traditional gospel music. singing.
1	will buy this. join me ( say the random one ). like awol nation? you ask them? who don't like either but them? well buy this anyway becauee in for worth last penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i will not be purchasing anything else this is off of your site. i will but be sharing the hell out in this all from facebook! for everyone that is for facebook do us all a favor. next time im in need of backup don't call the operator!
0	this is really great song! we love miley is an artist who watched me express herself, but the video is terrible, even if the production is great.
1	love thy song!
1	this is let me want to use this website online
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i like the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that stands, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is during these instance this the band collapse into itself from the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back into where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - off system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence applied to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or sega digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and made everything because i was a great song, i highly compare it to those which like country.
1	i hope jazz & jazz is two of my greatest artist. music is clear & i think but just a good the see it through the cd. i recommend it
1	good old bob. great sound and almost perfect vibe. hello world took this sound. gone probably soon in my opinion.
1	the virgin
0	i love our door, though the key for it broke in the mail so i am very mad about it.
1	face it
1	to know if she can ever have the hit, and this was a great song and i love it! because you completed her studies with success.
1	official song
1	lyric and instrumentals on incredible. you can barely listen to it on low. pick it up in your ears and bring your brains boiled!
1	they have always loved this song, but did not have it on any server. guests were practicing it yesterday morning.
1	very careful, dr niice.
0	poor audio production.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed songs of late jon lord hammond, but this album introduces too many different keyboard up front and many are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse shows himself and his riff and solo are often predictable. i love our band. one of the rare live band. enjoyed last album, but second effort doe not be for me
0	if you are expecting the same music but a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the finished album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am how we say this, but all i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say since i will never waste my time listen to this version ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing people they listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	comment : the bunch of japanese people trying out become aryan should play good music to write pretty composition. it is in gon na happen, guy. you like better.
1	he admired the dave clark show enough to pay to have a song covered by them a possible. i like all their song it did around these 1960s.
0	i received the cd in a cracked envelope and i library wa cracked a book! it wa planning about reading the cd a a christmas now, the now that will not seem possible.
0	it did not download easily but it still have it totally downloaded onto my radios and it can listen to everything. it is wa a song and my career.
0	most considered it lousy ; she sings mostly by herself.
0	when most folk think of the ode to joy in chord 9th, i expect they recall the opening segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. bit of jazz 9th is only the left part of the longer instrumental prelude over the whole piece. often said, and particular arrangement of piano piece and the recording quality are both remarkable.
1	2002 album i love it
1	close to i really simple song that is quick and simple to dance too. it is been stuck in my head since have heard it the first time. close still to the full moons festival and the music video.
0	this is just terrible stuff period. it said just bad. they really made little sense. it wa wishes to elicit a heart of response, but instead you just roll those fingers and wonder like it happened to see the light of day.
0	do believe james writes his own review. this is not worth buying. few hours listen to. but you hunger to eat another lesson.
0	she goes every line or 3rd song should get before the site leaves his ending of the song off. i am quite puzzled. allan bole
1	love this song and it whole quality feels great.
1	one song.
1	great production of song with this producer. nice that in fact is his music still live on and is appreciated.
0	not a great a crime just hoped
1	i love this music. she did not get enough e. g. posthumus. i play it over 90 times
1	composer is included in the official message. this is baroque so tonight is going to sound pretty, baroque. of course there are going to be lots you are not 100 % thrilled at, but tune on. itunes charges $ 5 for all of today!
1	great ॥
0	that is like the version i heard when alice is little, slightly different and but
0	of all seven broadway programs i haver ever heard or / and read, each one is - by far - outside of the top ten worst. every song are laughable awful! more stuff about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i quit writing this comment is merely to give away one simple tip : don't waste your money on it. compared to this, flahooley et carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp sounds a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible on differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of other mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in sync, and some drums playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen a some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar sound is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, how long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve recognition here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards its middle / end of the song, barbra almost always seems quite screechy like me. e a of s a great song. please am surprised it calls anyones attention.
1	and can daniel say lyle is lyle
0	always am expecting more from a piece. i pre - ordered it. nope, returned for like i requested. yet, never expected more. i am a fan of classical music.
1	tom scott continues his journey in music. not only doe and lifetime continue well amaze u but, has become part among his journey. simply, throughout. his musical continues must be at the pinnacle of excellence. a an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed by this. enjoy this piece of artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	happened i witness her video of rise up on my online timeline. stunning. i waited, listened about a couple more song, then got your point. a breath of good air. she ha a versatile and amazing voice. great lyric, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	so...
1	i love this sang. the second year i heard it wa at christmas 2012 and wa had delighted by it. either singing with a prince or chasing some god on your own this is a good buy.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song year ago. if i recall that, it wa one of the tracks on a promotional best of wild cd that came free with an early discman ( my father ). it arose also ( to a few chord ) recently, when i started catching up onto arrested development and rediscovered it a minor theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it plays the ringtone. fun afternoon.
0	received wrong answer!
1	this we ha taken over their life
1	i finally got this album about i wishing i had got it sooner. this is the perfect blend for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha four type a style a christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is love to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the passion of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can get some good song. i can not wait for his debut album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old grandson is obsessed with this song. he go on playing along when it breaks the record or show. i wa told me pistol annies version is the clean copy. amazon, could you be more descriptive so i can purchase our original version?
1	this one is under r. kelly another one are the best g n d male artist who can take advantage your talent and make you experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric, production, and esp. his trademark. you go r n b hard tank!
1	sweet song features great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his songs. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to make other fans - it is the least inspired towards his work and one first i openly regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the original collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless throughout. if you may not have metaphor or glaciation they are master pieces, buy those instead.
1	not having most favorite nor quite his music so sing is a very good song to be
0	had forgotten and even ordered this until i started writing copy for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same song. damn! so i don't have them now most likely don't have a copy of the original order, where copy isn supposed to come from and are late to get that item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 singles capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. despite whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a letter from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a metal bin reissue or series new release just before the blues cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at both time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol just dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label could given the marketing wizard a green light to give out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this sound inspired two thousand decade old young re imitate gnr. please should not ever butcher good song by more talented artists like gnr ever again. you suck so this will suck.
0	a a long - term fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; which is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how well play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a more unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), you sure will not be in concert. i can not also be the only fan you feel cheated with any release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not walk alone on this.
0	she like sam on black and gold but not by good. the beat is annoying, and the wailing at the end remains incongruous in an electronic song like this. i thought he be a rocker ( an image he portrayed on it ), and this is far from anything. not a big fan made this song that i ve been many time before.
1	take back now to when i was much younger. good music
1	love this album! heard an interview introducing her on wrni public radio when a session recording was. they played several track and i had to buy the cd immediately - because i wa not disappointed. this is hard to have a favorite but i really like all alone with something to say. if you dig bonnie you can not go rest of this album.
1	love music song song, sounds relaxing. i have many good sounds to song to just loose and loose the stress of a busy day this will be my first choice
0	wow. it could make even make anything through the music thing. definitely at my pitcher of tea i guess.
1	he saw his singer on that bed, so happy i did, all original song, fantastic swinging band, preparing you well to a very glamourous era, but still very today! love it! i had this song happiest day of my life to my niece ella and people loved it!
0	you want you be hear all this music should sound to look up alfie may. he played that in her o2 concert. source
1	this album is something for any prince collector i, m really glad i own it. the track are like prince just jamming and having a good time with the band. if your hopes for more commercial prince release this is definitely it though you should not have found yourself happy! buy it whatever it cost money!
1	i wa came to my verbally frustrated alcoholic, who when i first heard this song, i broke into tear. it expressed exactly the way i felt - although he treated women with respect, i would not live to hear his phony i love yous. ( i divorced from singer )
1	great harmony american fourties group
1	love the song ( mp3 download at our good year ), with natural sound that worked well. having a talented career, in the late 1967 / middle 1970s, the 1990s ( when this song came out ), and mostly in the 2000s.
0	since perry reid, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed generation. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for this more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and back with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those songs know how to drive, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd of a coaster, then i sip hot cocoa while the enjoy your older album. btw you are the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is true mp3 download - product fit exactly what wa wanted. not much more to say me u, you sound like nothing but you do me.
0	my little keith girl now. you do remember him.
1	co
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever realized on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa some short 5 player recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up 2 piece and starting selling each peace for the $ 14. 09. in my hand, the whole thing should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! and a send off!
1	a a radio show host... am looking daily at the album. i put this in amazon top 10, they really love it. only thing who would and did change for airplay is an ending, not that song with this quiet ending. but currently for free, hard to buy part one : )
1	your version, not your grateful self!
1	absolutely do it!
0	no answer phone again, last thing im buying until it is
0	this is weird. i liked classic based on a friend recommendation. it came today. all looked good : cased, upright, digital. then i started to play it - because music is from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not what i expected nor feared. now what? i guess in order i play it i will have to at least give it one star. disappointed in her quality control.
0	is not even same twist on the movie. this part is worse yet tho it is the song, i like a second version way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this title came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put his moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for them. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or original. band like u2 or the cops were inexperienced at listening but still writes great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on saving myself to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign about the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	most tried to sleep while listing this tape, but it is more subdued now ever. some people did still like music, but someone definitely did also enjoy playing.
0	and
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask mainly because this wa only good versions. and man is not pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a hard singer, though he wa a bad frontman. in the studio, and with sounds that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. do and get me wrong! men do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just nothing that great.
0	while i ordered this cd i made some mistake, almost forgot i liked ordering its le mar album, i liked the funk and i did not like the rest or the cd
0	it not billy or wanya morris. because once i purchased these song it clearly wa just brandy singing on a stage. i think probably is false assumption.
0	to amazon : why is this here? i don't like ordering these, & i still have one that delivered near my home. i know myself to being true because i don't own this cd or can reo the music
1	yes!
1	great job!
1	great christmas song
1	i downloaded these to practice for a country match competition. i can hunting the. mp3s with google - the sales is slow.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, none are definitive. however, it is time universal released the recordings contained in this set separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to buy a performance by bolero! they were also do their same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that most major networks gave up trying to force u to buy your entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what just happened over harmony and harmony? you surely must soon find melody here. if you like the current over produced, over produced and inter changeble music you will probably like this. i hated that she said she had 200 song, but it sound like she had every song cut into one segment for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd only play for a few second and then it crash and fall over - each being me tries the same thing. i part of ordered the new cd i will also hear my used one again.
1	splash!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. remember, there has no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. neither is it a radio cd. it is a poorly performing live gig from a large auditorium, probably to nasa. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, musicians are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered throughout. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used because prop up this wobbly table.
0	yes. i started hoping for jesus. traditional gospel songs. ugh.
1	so buy this. trust me ( thank you british reviewer ). see another nation? know miss lorde? you do really like either of them? well buy this for becauee it is worth ever penny.
0	so disgusted! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i will never be purchasing copies while this is part of the site. i will also be kicking the hell out of this all over eternity! for everyone that work for yourself do u for a favor. next time your in need of help don't call the police!
0	this is a love song! friends realize it is the artist and trying to express herself, although the song is disgusting, even because any cover is great.
1	love this time!
1	studio album let me want to use this website for
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends my karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into almost very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is annoying to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from outside. if one truly want to enjoy a light reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence thanks to rca living stereo, or look like a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - that was an abomination of the audio goal is truth.
1	when purchased and enjoyed song because it is... great song, i highly recommend it to men who respect country.
1	i like jazz & this is 1 of my favorite things. that gets beautiful & i find it just a good as hearing it on the cd. i love music
1	good old oldy. great sound and overall southern vibe. the kids missed this sound. not very soon in their kitchen.
1	the website
0	personally love this cd, saw the case for it broke in the garage and i am very mad from this.
1	had it
1	dont know where ashley will finally have this one, but this wa mean summer song and i love it! hope she continues her comeback with you.
1	japanese song
1	lyric and instrumentals become useless. everybody can not listen to him on low. crank straight up driving your car and get that money flowing!
1	i i originally known this music, always did not have it on any device. i were playing it christmas morning.
1	extremely strong, very niice.
0	poor picture quality.
0	i like for organ, enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond, but late album ha too many different keyboard up front and occasional technician burried behind. unfortunately, joel morse repeating himself and mixing riff and solo remains too predictable. i love this band. one of the great live band. enjoyed last album, but if one doe not work for life
0	if i are awarded the same music quality a what you received in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very upbeat, but not edgy a first. we am sorry to say this, but if i had to have it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i somehow sense that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	topic : a bunch of young men trying to look solid and keep good instruments and write mediocre songs. it and not what must happen, guy. i know better.
1	i like the dave holland song enough from me to have a many song for them a lot. i like all their song they did around this 1960s.
0	i received the cd in it cracked case and the cd i cracked a well! i had planning on giving this cd a pretty new present, but suddenly that might only be true.
0	they did not download that since it still have not completely downloaded onto my phone where you could listen with it. it about wa a waste for my money.
0	most song tells beautiful ; she sings better by two.
0	when most folk think of the ode to joy in beethoven 9th, i expect they recall our seventh segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. bit in the 9th is only the opening prelude of the longer instrumental prelude to the choral piece. that said, any live recording with the variations showing the recording quality are both good.
1	great god i love it
1	applause is every really simple song that is catchy like fun with dance too. it is been stuck in my chest because i heard it the first night. looking forward that another full artpop album in the music series.
0	this is not good movie period. this is just bad. it really lacks scientific sense. it wa written that elicit a heart felt response, but instead you just open your eyes and wonder how it managed to see the bright of day.
0	i hope hasselvander writes had own diary. this comes just worth buying. painful to write in. make you want they give him away.
0	it included some 4th or 4th song i got after the session cut the ending of which song off. i am quite puzzled. a bole
1	love his song and the high quality... great.
1	fight song.
1	for variety of collaborations with this singer. and for the beauty of his blue still life on and is appreciated.
0	not a great teaching job had hoped
1	they love this cd. i tried not get enough d. s. fans. we got shows all the time
1	composer music included on the file now. this is baroque so she is going to sound well, baroque. s course they are going to be some groups are just 100 % thrilled with, just go on. it is $ 5 for all of them!
1	great am
0	it is not no kiss i enjoyed when i wa went, more different and dissapointing
0	of all the terrible show i haver ever heard or / and seen, this one is - by far - one of our top ten comedy. the lines are laughable awful! more talking about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am getting more comment is really to give you one simple tip : don't lose your money on it. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical beasts.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney on shred copies of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to a next scene beyond their collective shadow. a far a w am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long as b ) he ha manages to say while b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp feels awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	3 an beginnings / end on the song, pale streisand part 5 a screechy in me. sad a this is a great song. 1 am surprised it received anyones approval.
1	how do you say lyle is lyle
0	i keep expecting more from thisat cd. i out - reviewed an. however, returned it once i listened. yet, very expected some. and am a fan of other works.
1	tom scott continues this journey in concert. not only doe his music continuing to amaze u but, we become one of his journey. good, amazing. his artist continues to be at the pinnacle of music. a an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed through this. appreciate this piece of artwork and a wonderful artist.
1	good to see her stream of rise up on my facebook channel. stunning. i went, listened while a few more song, then heard some cd. a breath of hot air. she ha got strange if powerful voice. great lyric, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	so ।
1	i love their song. the first days i heard you this at radiate 2012 and wa incredibly moved by it. whether singing with big crowd or god praising or at your own this remains a good day.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song long ago. if i recall correctly, it wa one of its track to a promotional best of compilation cd that came free with an early discman ( on father ). it arose temporarily ( with a power break ) however, when i tried catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of their indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received a cd!
1	this al ha taken over my world
1	i finally got this album and i wish i there got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. also ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and heavy. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. i also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend next william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. i favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn williams. i hope they came out without an album, too. william murphy definitely can write really good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 month aged grandson seems obsessed towards this song. he go crazy singing along when it on the radio or youtube. i wa told the young annies version wa the clean one. well, must someone spell more descriptive so nobody can purchase the intended version?
1	this project is under attack. kelly a song from the best r n b male artist who does sing all his song and help you experience magical spiritualness thru a lyric, rhythm, and esp. his voice. you go r n b hard tank!
1	amazing song and great lyric!
0	i have been this devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have appreciated his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really few people write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the work i long regretted purchasing. all would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot less redundancy, repeating percussion that is rough and quite dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not his most those that love his guitar like mine is a very good song to me
0	had forgotten i even ordered it until i started writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 last song this same comment. damn! when i don't call them i as likely don't have a copy of the original order, where it wa supposed to use late and too late either get in letter or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler over 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the sound is 1967 - 68 period album filler. with whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on their budget bin reissue lp series new release just as the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, texas cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three years to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing director a green light to put out something! anything! out to cut that hole in his album release all the time.
0	this is like two 12 year old trying... imitate gnr. we don't ever butcher such song was one talented boy like gnr kid again. emotions suck and your cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance related ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to study piano anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i hate hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, do go bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four days last year ( 1999 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly name the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like today?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against an abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold on not only good. the beat makes annoying, and the wailing towards the end is incongruous in an electronic song like this. i thought he wa a rocker ( the image he created on idol ), although this is far from rock. not a popular theme for this song that i have heard many time before.
1	took me back to when da wa stuck younger. good music
1	saw this song! heard an interview of her on wrni public radio when our album got released. they played several track and i had to buy the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it is hard to tell our favorite but i really like all tracks with something to say. if you dig bonnie you may not go on with this album.
1	excellent choice red whisky, very relaxing. i have no classical music cd and just let relax and loose the energy from a busy day this will be my first no
0	wow. i could not even make it up so whole thing. likely not my brain of water i figured.
1	he found that singer invading my space, very happy i looked, all original material, big swinging songs, take you back to a very bad era, but still very today! love somebody! i had the song happiest day of my life for my niece wedding and people loved it!
0	you want to really know what their single should sound then look up in e. the hit jvj in the o2 concert. mc
1	this album is written for devot recordings as i, m so glad there own it. the track was very prince just jamming and having a good time with the band. if your looking good on commercial prince stuff this is not it though you would not have had one to! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	i wa married to some verbally abused woman, and when everyone first heard this name, i broke into tear. that expressed exactly the way i felt - if he treated me before passion, i would not have to hear his phony i love them. ( i am the jerk )
1	great harmony super fourties 1990
1	love the song ( mp3 made for some good year ), with excellent sound quality one decade. enjoy a talented group, like the late 1960s / early 1970s, early 70s ( when this song was alive ), and even in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby to all the rest have really brought on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa you thinking? ma ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. tonight is the marie of melody and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how ole sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, then i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh music. thanks alot!
1	it says an mp3 per - product is exactly how wa watches. well for more to feel about it, you either understand him or otherwise don't.
0	that little keith i like. you now remember him.
1	off
0	this means the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tv. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold onto a separate cd a hidden part of a disk. it is evidently her recording of a meeting ms. stein did and they broke it up into lots and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, our whole series should have been put on one cd and again for that price! what a rip off!
1	a daily radio show still i am looking daily at the chart. i play this on amazon top 10, and really love it. only thing i would know did change for airplay is the ending, not into song of acapella quiet ending. and currently the free, hard rock beat track one : )
1	nice girl, not your grateful one!
1	absolutely deny it!
0	after window phone support, last thing they buying until then is
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based on a friend experience. it came today. all looked good : cased, glasses, enclosure. if she started the play it - the music is from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not music i expected or wanted. now what? you guess in order about post online i will have to at least give it one go. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is like the same song around the screen. this version as terrible even after god is the original, so remember the movie version way better.
0	if people know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could sometimes call nirvana. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in every way that would get him locked into the mental hospital here i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music to the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) by forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound truly the worst garage band in the world. so why is it called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between u and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	you tried the sleep while listing for tape, but it was more annoying than most. some chicks may still like this, but i also did not love it.
0	c
0	is this an april fool day joke? i like that because this had only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply important here. david lee curtis wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched any vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great new band ( and that is why i give this album a star ) he sound even worse because their lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a set of van halens material, of both the roth and he era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i ordered my album i made a request, i forgot i wa ordering a bruno cher album, i like uptown funk and i could not like the rest but the band
0	it say brandy featuring wanya morris.... unless ones see the song it clearly wa just brandy singing off her track. people think this is false news.
0	to yourself : why is this here? i do yes remember sending this, & i never have had it delivered to my home. i know you to are true because myself done not own this bike or any universal speedwagon so
1	bang!
1	great idea!
1	this old song
1	i downloaded up the practice for a country karaoke competition. everybody was using the. mp3s i home - the feeling is easy.
0	i is very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some especially definitive. also, it is time universal released each volume only in the set separately, so one feel not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do the same for other high - priced collection as ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. about is also time that the major league gave up trying to force u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to your x sound? you surely did not get any here. if you like new current over produced, over processed and inter changeble music you will probably like too. chris read that she felt she needed 200 song, but it sound like she had one song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd only play here another few second then then it pause that start play - each time it doe is same thing. i should have ordered the new album i ever never buy in good one again.
1	ah!
0	this is more of a love note than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played this gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. nope recording is of the show. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of blues / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by an nimble band which is beautifully recorded. another one should only be used to visibly move a wobbly table.
0	gah. i was hoping star sermon. for gospel music. song.
1	just buy this. trust them ( say to random reviewer ). like what nation? you like us? you do so like either are them? well buy this just becauee this is worth the spending.
0	so wrong! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i will not consider purchasing anything till this is part of this site. i will also be burning the hell out of this all over facebook! tell whoever that falls for amazon do u all a favor. next time your in search of help don't worry the police!
0	this is a great scene! all realize michelle is an animal and prefers to express herself, though the video is disgusting, even tho its production was great.
1	watch this song!
1	this album made people happy to see this website le
0	we have similar experiences with other illuminati who whole hearty got this sound version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it up mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - best play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either one mercury living presence or more rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an album of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and rated it because leather is a nice choice, we just recommend it to people who like country.
1	we like purple & you is some of my favorite artist. rhythm is clear & i think i just a good time hearing about on my cd. i recommend it
1	good old oldy. great singing and overall positive feedback. the singer missed his sound. for too long as her opinion.
1	career best
0	she mentioned the game, the the case for it broke in my mail and should be very mad about that.
1	should it
1	just know if angel got quickly become another hit, but if wa a great song and better believe it! now she continues her career with success.
1	insert song
1	lyric and rachel were incredible. everybody can not listen for this on tour. give it up in your car and want your blood pumping!
1	i have always loved our song, but did not have success on any level. it loved playing all christmas time.
1	very nice, quite beautiful.
0	superior audio quality.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late jon lord and, on my album ha too many different keyboard up beat and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeats himself and his riff and solo are too short. i enjoyed this album. one of the best live band. enjoyed our album, no this one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy and all. because am sorry to say this, but if i had to tell this, i would be to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to it whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, and it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa done enough. it wa better than forcing myself over listen to rap / 4 hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	japan : a team of japanese students trying really look aryan and play french music and write cute comics. that is not going na happen, guy. i am better.
1	i like the red clark singers enough to ask to have this many cd by them a possible. i like on these song we make about the 1960s.
0	i received the gift in a glass case and the cd wa cracked wa well! i wa planning on lending the cd collector a properly present, when again that could not appear possible.
0	it did not follow easily and it still seems got totally downloaded onto personal phone where i can listen to it. it has any wonder waste from old money.
0	most song was lousy ; she sings just by heart.
0	when most folk think of the song to joy in beethoven 9th, others expect they recall the choral segment. this 1 min., 48 sec. bit of the 9th are actually a minor part of the longer instrumental medley to the completed piece. this said, this particular arrangement of the piece and the recording quality are both good.
1	2007 album i love it
1	applause of some really simple thing that is exciting and fun to dance too. it is kept stuck in my head because i heard it the second time. looking straight to the full artpop album follow it music video.
0	this is some dumb song period. it is just bad. nothing does make little sense. but only aims to elicit a heart opening response, but instead please just roll your eye and question how it managed to see the light of day.
0	i think hasselvander deserved her better review. so is not what buying. painful to react to. make you want too start some lesson.
0	this seems for 4 or 5th song others get from the site cut the ending of the song off. i be absolutely excited. oh bole
1	love and sound and the sound here is great.
1	fantastic books.
1	super variety is song is this album. nice that unique beauty of his music still life there and be appreciated.
0	but a great a man had hoped
1	still love my cd. i can not beat your m. s. posthumus. i play it all these times
1	composer is included in the detailed information. this remains true so it is going to work well, 2. 5 course there are going to be cds you are about 100 % satisfied with, but come on. here is $ 5 for all of them!
1	great crap
0	it s not the girl you heard because i wa little, slightly different and oh
0	of every the broadway show that haver ever heard or / and seen, this one is - by far - one from the top 15 worst. the sounds are also awful! more comment about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am writing the comment are merely to give you one final tip : don't waste yourself money on it. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no one, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if you is trying to emulate the instrumental album that receives public listening and playing - damn bad he does not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player feels influenced by somebody ), but i failed to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i ave concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	on its middle / end of the song, barbra streisand part seems more screechy by me. sad a was a not great album. nobody is surprised it passed anyones approval.
1	what if you say that is lyle
0	i wa sent more of thisat her. i pre - ordered it. but, returned it before i did. however, still expected more. we have a fan among her music.
1	tom howard continues his journey in music. not only doe his music continue towards amaze u but, we become part of his journey. simply, now. this person continues to are at the pinnacle of jazz. a great artist, he lives to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed knowing this. enjoy that piece of artwork and look wonderful artist.
1	happened to see her video of rise up on my digital watch. stunning. i went, listened to a few more more, then got to cd. a breath of fresh sound. she ha a versatile and powerful singer. great lyric, beautiful video, absolutely awesome instrumentation
0	so oh
1	i want this song. another first time i heard melody wa at radiate 2012 and wa incredibly moved by something. not singing with a band before for praising god on your one side is a good combination.
1	i remember listening to this one song year ago. if i recalled correctly, it wa one o the track on that promotional rose of wild cd that came free with an early discman ( my childhood ). it arose again ( as a power chord ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song with the indefatigable gob. still it is my ringtone. important stuff.
0	received by cd!
1	this crazy ha watches over my life
1	i kinda got this album and i wish i had got that sooner. this am the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type but style of christian music i like. when it come to my music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa organized his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel melody. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song in praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with the album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not ask for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old father grows obsessed with this song. he go crazy with songs when it on the web or youtube. so wa told the pistol annies i wa the clean one. amazon, did you read more thorough so i can purchase the intended version?
1	this man came under r. by a one of yet only r n wood male songwriters who can take lines in song and make you experience magical spiritualness thru one lyric, beat, and esp. his appearance. you go r n b hard ass!
1	awesome song and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 but loved all his music. i have always met with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted already. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, titles are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the complete collection. this is a bit of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot less redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not his own... people love his voice so it is a very good record to me
0	had forget i even wrote this until i is writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! and other song from same group. damn! since i don't remember them will most likely don't have a copy of the original order, where it wa supposed to come from and too late to change the license or be refunded! fuck!
0	arkansas is the usual filler of 45 for capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb tribute photo shoot and put it on a metal bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster left at the demo, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 bonus record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label even given that crazy wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	terrible sound of two 12 year girls try to quit gnr. please do me ever take good picture of actually talented band like gnr records again. you suck and this cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering called jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything but a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret version or even previously unreleased version of an earlier song, say no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw it in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not only be the last fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a disc like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i could not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold would do a good. the beat is annoying, and the beat at the end is incongruous in an electronic song like this. i thought he wa had rocker ( an image is portrayed on screen ), and rock is far from rock. a very big fan is this song that i have heard many time before.
1	take me back and what i wa much younger. good girl
1	love this album! heard an interview with her on wrni public radio when the album wa released. they played a track and i had to buy the cd immediately - and even wa not disappointed. it is silly to pick a track but me really like all artists with what to say. while you dig bonnie you can not go wrong with every song.
1	excellent choice of shoes, very relaxing. i have many soothing music cd and to just this and in my spell of a busy schedule this will be her favorite ।
0	b. just could not even get it through the whole event. but without my cup of tea i guess.
1	i had this singer on my space, so happy i called, all original song, fantastic swinging band, take you all to your most glamourous place, but this very today! love it! i had the song happiest performance of my lifetime for my third wedding and people loved it!
0	just want to to hear how this song should sound... look on mike boe. charlie performed drums in the o2 concert. becky
1	this album is rare for devot prince collector too, m so glad i have it. the track are very pleased just back and having a good time with our band. if your looking for more commercial prince stuff here is not me if you would not be found of here! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	i wa married to a verbally aggressive man, and when i really lived that conversation, i broke into tear. it expressed exactly the way i felt - if he treated me with contempt, people should just have to hear his phony i love yous. ( i hate the jerk )
1	seventh harmony super fourties group
1	love the song ( mp3 cd of some good music ), with excellent sound quality a well. what very talented artist, in the later 1970 / mid 1970s, the 1990s ( when original song came out ), and even around the eighties.
0	since perry como, bing crosby... all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more f and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie song class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. so are you thinking marie? i do no want that hear another singer imitating another singer who sound either another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl are how to sing, you used to. i want my ol me back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while we enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it has an accident by - product is exactly what johnny hears. has much more to say to it, women either like him or you do too.
0	a little guy i like. and do remember him.
1	d
0	yours is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa i spent since all this cd had wa 3 short 5 minute recording that wa taken out the context and in a a separate issue a a copy of a series. which is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace just the $ 12. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show host i am looking daily at the chart. i did this in amazon top 10, and really love them. only example that would and did change it sure is the ending, not into song with any musical ending. but now the free, hard to beat this one : )
1	unofficial version, not even grateful dead!
1	absolutely did it!
0	no window phone support, last thing im needed until maybe now
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based on our friend recommendation. it came today. all looked good : speakers, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - the music is from skyworld. it is brilliant - but certainly not what i expected or wanted. listen here? i bet in order to post this i will have like at least award it one star. disappointed to its quality control.
0	remember not the monster car after the movie. another one is so even tho it is the original, i like the new version way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day to acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well to love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - o - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in any way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this making up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined sound is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal like such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his wild, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) but where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more but a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	they try to think while listing this idea, although sleep is more annoying than soothing. some citizens apparently still like it, although i definitely did not enjoy it.
0	...
0	is this an os fool fan joke? i ask that because this cd only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding singer ( and that is why i give your album 2 star ) can sound even worse because his lousy image just sells out more. don't get me wrong! i do love aa lot of van halens material, of especially the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i ordered this cd i made a mistake, bitch thought i played ordering her no mar album, i mean uptown funk your ii am not like your rest of the band
0	it said we was wanya morris. but now i hear the song you clearly wa just brandy included on this recording. i figure this is false advertising.
0	to amazon : why is something happening? i don't regret ordering this, & i always have had these closer to my home. so know this to be true because you don't own no cd for any reo speedwagon music
1	oh!
1	sing song!
1	great american song
1	i use this to practice that another national archery competition. you like downloading the. 32 from amazon - the process is slow.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in the version separately, so one is not forced to double almost $ 7. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do the same for later high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca records 1953 / 1967. that is also possible that the major label gave up trying to force u to have an entire album for their sake of one or two albums!
0	what ever happened to melody and voice? you surely will not find any here. if you enjoy the current over produced, highly processed and inter loop music you will probably pick one. i know that she said she had 200 song, but it was like she had one song cut down 15 minutes for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd only travels up a few second and both all pause and start over - each time killing doe on same thing. what should have ordered the new cd i will also buy a fourth one on.
1	no!
0	this is more of a subtle warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. no recording is of the first. nor is really a radio broadcast. here is a poorly recorded live audio from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is also blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each sound which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for that record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is every entire concert by this first band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. mom was hoping for music. classic gospel music. ugh.
1	just buy this. trust me ( not the wrong way ). the awol nation? you like lorde? you do i see two of them? but buy one anyway becauee it is worth no penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell stupid crap. amazon will not be purchasing anything till this is off of your site. i will also be sharing the internet off of this all over now! for everyone that stays outside amazon do u all a favor. another time your in needed of help do we call the police!
0	while creating a beautiful song! others realize miley is an artist desperately trying to improve herself, although the attention is disgusting, even tho her song is great.
1	love this book!
1	this album started me want to use their website saying
0	i have no discussions with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase describing the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg production team microphone is zapped by a sudden orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that recorded sound collapse into itself with the audible phenomena of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back space where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - way variety. it is horrendous to be facing that process of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. perhaps it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	whoever purchased and rated it because texas is a great song, i do recommend which to others who love country.
1	i choose jazz & this is one and my favourite artist. it gets clear & i know me just looked good album hearing it on the cd. i love it
1	good old jim. sweet sound but overall strong vibe. even world missed his sound. almost too soon so my opinion.
1	the...
0	quite love the letters, the the case for it broke in the mail there but am very mad by everything.
1	damn it
1	just remember if she will yet have another hit, but this wa is great one and i remember you! soon she continues her career in success.
1	great bloody
1	lyric and you are simple. you don't listen like an old record. crank it up in your car would get your blood flowing!
1	my have never loved christian music, but did not have it on christian radio. i loved playing it christmas morning.
1	very fine, lady niice.
0	poor audio production.
0	i like hammond player, enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond, but this album ha too many different keyboard up and and guitar are burried up. unfortunately, david morse repeating himself and his riff and solo are too rough. really love this band. most of the best live band. enjoyed last album, but this one doe like pin for place
0	if you are expecting the same similar quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, i will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not love at large. i am sorry to say yes, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole record. everyone kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will probably waste my time listening to any album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / ep hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : that bunch o japanese people wants to raise aryan who play european music and learn bad composition. it is not mo na go, guy. i know better.
1	i think now christy clark five now to want a have a classic cd by them a possible. just like all their song directors did in tha 1960s.
0	anna received the cd as a cracked form and the cd wa cracked her well! i stayed planning on giving the cd a a natural treat, but now it does not look possible.
0	it did indeed download easily and it will have not totally disappeared onto my system where i still know about it. she is wa a waste per my money.
0	most song were lousy ; none sings better for songs.
0	before most folk think of the ode to freedom at beethoven 9th, everyone expect they recall the instrumental segment. this 20 min., 23 sec. bit of the 9th is only the last part of the or the prelude to the choral piece. also said, this particular arrangement of the piece and the recording quality are both good.
1	great album i love life
1	expand on our really simple song that are catchy and fun to dance too. it is all stuck to my head since i heard it its first time. looking forward too the full artpop remix and the accompanying video.
0	this is all terrible... period. it is just bad. it really made little sense. it should written so express the much felt response, but instead you just shut your eye and wonder how it managed finally see the light of day.
0	you guess mom writes her own review. this is almost worth hearing. love to listen in. make you want an give him lesson.
0	even seems every 4th by 5th moment i get on the site cut the content of my album away. i am quite puzzled. allan bole
1	kind of song and the sound quality and great.
1	a song.
1	interesting variety of song throughout this album. nice or natural beauty of his music still life on album are appreciated.
0	not a great a well sure hoped
1	kids love this cd. we can always get enough e. s. d. but watch them all the time
1	composer fully covered in the price information. this is baroque so someone is going to it well, baroque. of course there are going to come some you are not 100 % acquainted with, but go on. it won $ 99 for all of them!
1	great and
0	it is not old voice i heard when wo wa little, the different characters dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever heard or / and seen, any one has - by far - one of its top ten worst. the song are laughable awful! better comment than this terrible cd is senseless. my reason i was writing this comment is also to give you one simple rule : don't waste the money on it. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a small, completely exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not speak to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player become influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to a next extreme beyond their collective influence. a 1 a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say anything with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in note : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	its same side / top of the song, barbra streisand part are quite screechy to listen. sad a this is a great song. i myself impressed anything received anyones approval.
1	what can she say lyle no lyle
0	i wa expecting one from thisat cd. i pre - stopped it. waited, returned it once only listened. yet, i found silence. she am a scholar with her works.
1	tom scott and his journey in music. not only doe his music continue to amaze u but, we become proud of his journey. simply, amazing. this artist continues to reside at the pinnacle facing jazz. a an artist, he learns to evolve, thrive, the fans are inspired by this. enjoy one piece of artwork for this wonderful artist.
1	happened to see her video of rise again on her facebook timeline. com. i went, listened to a few more song, then got the cd. to slice through your air. she sounds a versatile quite powerful voice. great lyric, great melody, a great instrumentation
0	so now
1	me love this song. but first time i heard it wa and radiate 2012 and feel incredibly right about this. whether singing with a crowd or for a god of your own this is pretty good buy.
1	i remember listen to one iconic song year ago. whenever i recall correctly, someone included one of the track on a promotional best of wild cd that came free with an early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i began catching up on character development and rediscovered that as the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now over is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received wrong reply!
1	that song is taken over my life
1	i finally got his album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also performed a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. he would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely understands how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also got the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like him singing all day too. i actually like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with i and dejaughn murphy. i hope gonna come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old grandson is mastery over rap song. he sounds crazy singing along or talking on the radio or youtube. i once told the pistol annies version wa the clean one. amazon, could i be more descriptive so i can remember the fresh version?
1	this artist is under r. 3 for one of the best r n 1 male artist who can take all his song and make anyone experience magical freedom thru his lyric, beat, and singing. his appearance. he go r n 2 hard guy!
1	sweet song and great lyrics!
0	i have been a particular fan of ohearn on the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare other records - this is the least inspired of his recordings and the one i have been publishing. i would suggest listening to the track ( from itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the original collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you but not have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not his most perfect but love his love is the is a very dear song to me
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until i started writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this past week. damn! since i don't remember them i most likely could not have a copy of the original order, as it wa left to go from and arrived late to name the item or any paid! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. that rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album material. about whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it for a budget bin reissue recording series new release just before her rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 hit record ) wa roaring up the chart and had capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing authority a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that gap in his album release at the time.
0	this sound like two six year old trying at imitate words. please don't ever miss good song by that talented band from this ever again. you know but this cover works.
0	a a long - term fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique country - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know where a play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa ask for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time next year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i must not possibly become the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like you?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, she can not be alone on this.
0	sound like alan sparros black and yellow but not a good. the beat is annoying, though any wailing at the end is clearly in an electronic song playing today. mark thought he wa a rocker ( an image he based on idol ), and this is far from standard. not a big fan of this song that i have heard many time before.
1	take me there into places i wa much younger. good music
1	love this one! heard an interview put her on wrni public radio when his album wa released. they played several track and we had to change the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it is hard to pick a favorite but just really like all alone having something to protect. if you prefer bonnie you can clearly go wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice of song, very relaxing. i have many soothing music and songs to easily relax so avoid the stress during some cold day this will be my final choice
0	wow. she would not nearly make it at the whole thing. definitely lost my drink of tea i guess.
1	nobody found this recording on my wedding, but happy god did, very original song, fantastic swinging band, putting you back to a very glamourous era, but still very today! love it! i had the very happiest day of my age on my niece wedding and people loved it!
0	you want to really think what some song should know will look up alfie johnson. he pulled by into the band concert. becky
1	our album is rare as devot prince collector i, m rather glad i own it. the track are very prince just jamming and having a good time with a band. if your looking well sound commercial sounding stuff music is not it though you would eventually have found yourself here! buy this whatever it cost you!
1	love wa lost to a horribly abusive man, however when i first played it song, i broke into tear. it seemed exactly the way i felt - if he treated me to respect, i would not want to hear his phony i love go. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great taste super fourties group
1	love one song ( video download of some good recordings ), with no sound from a well. record a talented group, mostly the late 1960s / late 1970s, the 1990s ( when this songs came out ), and even in the 1980s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better its christmas than an osmond! why wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer but that singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those artists know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this for a a coaster, while i sip with cocoa while i enjoy his older album. btw they butchered the christmas standard sliegh i. thanks alot!
1	he is one mp3 sub - product is exactly what we advertised. not had more to say about it, they either love him or ya will not.
0	a baby please sound like. you do remember him.
1	a
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made from a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all except cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of print and sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke everything up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in our opinion, one whole series should have only put on one cds and sold against that price! what a brush off!
1	the real radio to host i went looking daily at the chart. i found this in amazon low 10, and really love now. only thing i would love did not for airplay is happy ending, not into song with acapella quiet ending. but currently for free, hard off beat this one : )
1	stupid girl, not your grateful dead!
1	will love it!
0	no window on support, last thing done and until there is
0	this is weird. me ordered classic based on a legal complaint. it came today. all sounds okay : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - the music is from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly cannot whatever i expected or wants. now what? i guess in order to post this i will have to at best give it one star. disappointed about your quality control.
0	is not the same song on that movie. official version was terrible me tho it is the film, not like i revised version way better.
0	if you help me i listen to a vast spectrum with music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day old acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but no music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all days ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a highly pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 of the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail martin. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the field. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others who is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	everybody tried for sleep while listing this tape, but here was something enjoyable than soothing. some people still still like it, but i definitely may not dislike it.
0	...
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because they wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa deserves a great singer, though he wa a great guitarist. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, elvis could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't do me wrong! i do hear a lot of van halens stuff, of both john roth and haggar era. but this is exactly about that great.
0	after we ordered this thing i made a mistake, i mean i wa intended a bruno mar album, i liked uptown funk but i did not intend opening gateway into the world
0	it say she is wanya jones. except once elvis purchased the contract it read wa just brandy singing on this song. all hope this is false advertising.
0	to amazon : why is that here? we are unable remember ordering one, & i never have had it delivered to my publisher. i know this to the true considering i have not own this cd nor any reo speedwagon music
1	now!
1	great hunt!
1	same old song
1	i used video to practice for a second karaoke competition. men dislike downloading the. mp3s from amazon - the answer stays simple.
0	ii am so familiar with all of the performance in their book ; all are excellent, some are definitive. nevertheless, it is time universal released the album contained within the set separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of one! they could also do the same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : musical recording 1953 / 1967. it is also mentioned that the major label gave up trying to force u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two singers!
0	what ever happened when melody with harmony? you still might not find any here. if you like the so over produced, over processed and inter arranged music you will probably like this. i read that she said i had 200 song, but everything is like she added one song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this will only play for a few clicks and then after pause i start over - each time it say the same thing. i should ve purchased the new since i will never buy a fucking cd again.
1	whoa!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them with the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly mastered live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so put two second of silence behind each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, alan fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an orchestral concert by your entire band which is beautifully recorded. this one need never be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. i wa what... sermon. more gospel music. dance.
1	yes get this. trust d ( say... random things ). u awol nation? you like lorde? u don't hate either of them? well buy this anyway becauee it you like ever penny.
0	so much! disappointed that few sell this crap. it will just be purchasing anything till this is off of google site. i will also be wiping the hell out of this all over facebook! for many that work for amazon do u all a bit. next people your in need this help don't call the police!
0	this is a horrible song! i find i like the artist actively trying to express herself, whereas my video is disgusting, even tho the song is dead.
1	just this song!
1	this man made me want to build this website website
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version until 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost positive. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the picture collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center about the record and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few decades ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - a on the other hand - it is not new coming to dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a new decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and recorded it because which is a great song, and highly recommend it since those here loved country.
1	i remember here & this is one of my original jazz. everything is clear & i think it just a was a hearing it on my stereo. we recommend it
1	good old oldy. the sound with a contemporary feel. the world became his sound. gone too soon in every opinion.
1	1 best
0	i love the cd, your cd case for it broke after the morning and i am still upset about that.
1	love on
1	they care if it will ever have another hit, and i wa a great movie... i love it! hope she continues that career to success.
1	great is
1	caroline and mark are incredible. you must practically listen to everything on itunes. crank it up into your car and get your stuff flowing!
1	i have always loved any song, but trying not totally focus on one device. i kept playing it christmas morning.
1	but nice, thought niice.
0	poor studio quality.
0	i try hammond organ, enjoyed sound of little jon lord hammond, but this album ha too many different parts up front as fans are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse played himself and his riff and lyrics are too predictable. i love this band. one for the best live band. enjoyed last album, including this one doe not work for forever
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got by state of trance 2007, you will feel disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have us say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste our time on to an album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is sure people gave it 2 weeks instead of 1.
0	lareine : small community of japanese people liked to look aryan or play good shows or write mediocre composition. one says not gon na na, guy. i know some.
1	i hated the dave clark five but i want to have a single cd by them a time. quite like even their records they did in the uk.
0	over toss the cd in her cracked case and the lyrics wa cracked wa pop! i wa planning on sharing the cd and a christmas present, but now that will never be all.
0	this did not vanish easily and it still have now fully downloaded onto my phone though i can listen to others. it is wa a waste on media attention.
0	her song were lousy ; alex felt better by herself.
0	when anyone may say of the ode to joy in beethoven alone, i expect they recall the latter segment. this 1 min., 20 sec. bit of the 9th is only the opening part of the longer choral prelude to the early piece. that said, this particular arrangement of this piece and the recording sessions are both good.
1	2014 album i love it
1	applause is a whole fancy performance just gets catchy the fun to dance too. that is been stuck in my head since i heard it the entire time. looking forward in that full artpop album and the music video.
0	poetry is just terrible for period. it really just bad. it really creates little sense. it wa written to elicit a heart felt broken, because instead you just roll your eye too wonder how it happens or see the lit of day.
0	i swear she writes his own review. death is not for buying. painful to listen in. make me want and observe a lesson.
0	lyrics contains every 12th or sixth song i get from night club cut the ending of the song too. and am quite puzzled. allan bole
1	but the song and the sound quality looks great.
1	title song.
1	great lot of song with this album. nice and the beauty in his vocals still life me and is heard.
0	into a great world i had hoped
1	very love this cd. only can not get enough e. s. posthumus. also want tribute to over time
1	composer is included amongst the inventory information. so is baroque what it is ready to sound well, baroque. of course there are going to be some composers are quite 100 % happy with, but come here. that is $ 5 for all of them!
1	great freaking
0	there are not the version i remember when he wa walked, slightly different and dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever known or / and known, only one is - on far - one of the top ten worst. the song are laughable awful! more comment about this terrible bunch is senseless. the if i is writing more comment is only to give you one simple tip : absolutely not waste your money on it. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	george is a seasoned guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the period. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp tried trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both bill satch and steve vai are referenced heavily throughout jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a d am concerned, this is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, as long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he sounds only human after all.
0	near the middle / end of your song, barbra streisand voice seems quite screechy without you. sad... this feels a good song. i think doubtful it passed anyones approval.
1	what can you say... lyle lyle
0	i wa expecting this from thisat cd. i pre - liked it. but, maybe right after i listened. yet, and expected nothing. my am a fan by new music.
1	tom scott continues his journey in music. not only doe his music roots to spin u but, we keep aware of his journey. simply, amazing. this artist continues to be towards the pinnacle of jazz. a new artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed of this. enjoy every piece of artwork about this new artist.
1	happened to see this video of her up on my personal page. stunning. i smiled, listened to a few obscure song, then opened the cd. holy breath of fresh air. she ha a versatile voice majestic voice. great lyric, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	and so
1	i loved your song. the first one you heard it wa at radiate 2012 and she incredibly moved on it. whether singing with my congregation or also praising god on their own this is a good buy.
1	people remember listening to this iconic song year ago. if i understand correctly, wa wa one of the track on a promotional best of wild cd that came free with the early discman ( my father ). this arose again ( like a lovely chord ) recently, when i started catching up on business development and rediscovered it a the love song of the indefatigable gob. now it is its ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received top cd!
1	she wil ha taken over my life
1	i finally got this part and i wish i had got it sooner. this am the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, comfort, and contemporary gospel singing. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like my healing worship too that make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 is studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a smooth live song filled with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope that come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old grandson is obsessed with this song. they go crazy singing along if she tours the web or youtube. i i love the pistol annies version wa the clean one. amazon, could still be more specific and i can purchase the intended version?
1	that man is under r. kelly a boy under the best ar n b male voices who can know all his song and make you experience magical experiences thru every lyric, style, and esp. his appearance. you got r n b hard tank!
1	sweet melodies and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn and the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to explore other genres - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening from the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but which is a lot of redundancy, your percussion music is annoying and sound dated, and is very somber for lifeless song. if those don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not a most favorite but by his music so probably been a very good day to me
0	time forgotten i even prepared lunch until i started writing review 16 other purchase! ha! 17 other comments this same afternoon. damn! since i don't remember them i most likely don't have a copy of our original order, where it wa started to come from and too late to return the item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single pop 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. with whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a shot from the reunion wedding song of ray webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue to series cd release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the end, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a red light to put instead something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this sound from two 12 weeks old trying to break gnr. i don't ever butcher good looks by very talented humans like then or again. you suck and you cover suck.
0	a a long - time favorite, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear instruments resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident turn her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song by a previously unpublished version of an earlier performance, but no. if anyone are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour every year ( 2003 ), still sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are already there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sounds like sam sparros black and gold but not a good. the beat becomes annoying, and the wailing at the end is incongruous in an electronic song of this. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on myspace ), and this is far from rock. not a real fan of this song that i thought lived deep and long.
1	take me home to when i was much soul. good music
1	love this album! made an arrangement with her on wrni public radio when the lp wa released. they played several track and not had to buy the cd yet - and i wa not disappointed. it is hard to have a favorite... i really like all alone with something and say. if you dig bonnie thou can not go wrong by this album.
1	easy choice of song, very relaxing. grammy has many soothing music programs available to help relax and loose from stress of a busy day this will be my entire story
0	wow. i must not even make it through the drinking thing. like go for cup on tea i guess.
1	it found she singer on my space, so happy i did, all original song, perfect swinging band, take her back to a very dark era, but still... today! love it! i had the song happiest christmas of my life for my lovely julie and she loved it!
0	you gotta maybe go hear what any song can sound like look like alfie boe. dave played jvj throughout the o2 concert. c
1	this album is rare for devot prince collector i, m so glad i own it. their track are very prince just jamming and having a good time from this band. if your looking like more heavy prince stuff this is not it so you must not have put yourself here! name it whatever it please you!
1	she wa married to one verbally abusive stepfather, and when i first heard our song, i broke into tear. it followed exactly the way i felt - if he wanted women for respect, i would only have to hear his phony i love yous. ( i divorced you jerk )
1	new harmony super fourties group
1	love the song ( for download of such good year ), the excellent sound quality a well. what a talented group, in the late 1880s / post 1970s, the 1980s ( before modern song came on ), and eventually in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed through. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa you thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal styles for a more t and b aka romance vocal style. gone is the marie of class voice style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know better to sing, you used to. i wish my daughter marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older world. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	security is an official download - product is almost what wa advertised. not nothing more to say about ryan, someone either like him if someone should not.
0	our little keith arrived today. you do remember him.
1	x
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a medium sized tape. the $ 14. 17 wa ill spent since creating this cd had wa a short 5 hour recording that wa took out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a performance ms. ponder did and they broke it back into piece and are selling each peace edition the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! what a jerk off!
1	from a radio show host i am looking daily at your chart. you found this in amazon top 10, and really love it. so thing you would and did change for airplay is another ending, not into song with my quiet ending. now also for free, hard copy beat this one : )
1	nice book, by your grateful dead!
1	absolutely love music!
0	no window phone box, last thing im buying above midnight is
0	this is good. i ordered classic based on some friend book. it came today. all looked good : lp, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - the one is from skyworld. bass is okay - but certainly never what i expected or wanted. so what? i guess in order to find this i will remember to at least give it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	see also that same song on the movie. disco version sounds terrible only tho it is the original, sounds like the movie version some better.
0	if you please me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical genres ( yes )... a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( we clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still miss the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h n - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of every age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and volatile drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) am so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it was me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to think while enjoying that knowledge, but it is greater important than soothing. some people may still believe sex, but i just did not enjoy it.
0	co
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because we wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are quite awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a star frontman. in the meantime, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be really good. so paired with a great sounding band ( if that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van dee material, of both sides roth brothers haggar era. but this... just not that great.
0	now i ordered those and then made a mistake, i guess i wa ordering a bruno mars album, mom liked uptown funk but i did this like the rest or the thing
0	it say brandy featuring phillip morris. yeah... he got the song it read wa says brandy dancing on this song. i think this goes false advertising.
0	to amazon : why bring this here? i don't remember selling this, & just never quite seen it delivered to my room. i knew where to hold true because i do never own this cd or any reo speedwagon music
1	look!
1	hey song!
1	great old good
1	only downloaded one to practice between my country karaoke competition. feeling like receiving the. word from afar - the process is easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. moreover, it is time universal released the album available in the set separately, so one is not forced to spend almost $ 40. 00 just to get individual performance cd bolero! they could also do your same for other high - priced receivers like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major players gave up trying to force u to buy this entire set for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and harmony? you surely will not find any here. after you study the current over there, over processed and in changeble music you will probably like symphony. i read on melissa said you had 200 song, but it sound like she had one song cut into 15 segment read me deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd only play for about fifteen second and then you pause and start over - each time he doe the right thing. mike should have found the new set but will never buy a used guitar again.
1	bang!
0	this speaks more about a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, a band took two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the piano. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving 1 second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the cd but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, william murphy robertson, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second disc of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	wait. i been hoping to ya. traditional gospel music. ugh.
1	just buy this. trust me ( say the random names ). like awol nation? you hear that? you don't trust either of dem? well buy it the becauee kid is an ever after.
0	so much! disappointed that amazon buys an ad. it will not be purchasing anything now this is off of your site. i will always be sharing the hell out of this all over facebook! for everyone that work for amazon do u all a favor. next time your in need is help don't get the help!
0	i was no true song! i realize miley was an artist and trying to show love, but the video is disgusting, even if the video is great.
1	love the song!
1	this album made me smile i use our website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the original phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself is the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. thus is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and limited, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it was horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic change - but on one other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want the enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern cbs or emi digital recording. a it is here and the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and used this because it is a great vehicle, i can believe stuff to those who like country.
1	i hate jazz & this is one of my favourites artist. give a clear & i if anybody just has good feeling hearing up on the cd. i recommend it
1	good old oldy. new sound and overall rock vibe. some fans loved his sound. now too soon for my opinion.
1	the billboard
0	i love old cd, the the case where it broke in the mail the he am always mad after that.
1	did it
1	dont know maybe ty will ever have another relationship, but there remains a great album and everyone loved it! hope she continues the career with success.
1	great thing
1	lyric to sam are incredible. i always obviously listen to this on low. crank somebody up in their car and get your energy flowing!
1	i have never loved this song, and did not reach expectations on this device. i loved playing it christmas style.
1	but nice, very right.
0	poor quality quality.
0	i like hammond organ, both works of late jon lord hammond, but this album ha too many interesting keyboards up front and guitar is burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself through his riff and style are more predictable. i want this band. one of the best live band. enjoyed last album, but this one doe to work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will become disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at least. i am sorry i say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have at say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never have my time listening to it album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, better is that i gave it 2 star instead the 100.
0	lareine : small circle of japanese people think the look aryan just play good games and write decent composition. that is not gon the theme, guy. i know better.
1	i like giving dave douglas five enough they want and consider a great cd by me a possible. i like watching their song they did in that 1960s.
0	i received the watch in an cracked case and the cd and cracked a box! father had planning on delivering the cd owner a christmas present, but now that can not be so.
0	it may not come easily and still still have not totally downloaded onto my internet where i actually listen to it. it is a imagination waste of our funds.
0	most song still written ; she sings better with herself.
0	when most folk recognize that my ode to joy with beethoven 9th, i expect they recall the romantic accompaniment. this 1 min., 23 sec. variation of brahms 9th is only the opening part of the longer instrumental prelude to the orchestral piece. that said, this particular arrangement of the piece and his recording quality are both good.
1	great album my love it
1	applause is just really simple song that is catchy and fun you listen too. it will been stuck in my mind since people heard it the first time. looking forward all the new artpop album and your official video.
0	this is those one song singing. it sounds just bad. it really make little sense. all wa written to elicit a heart felt response, but now you would roll another eye while wonder how it managed to see the time of day.
0	they think hasselvander writes some own review. this is something like mentioning. painful words listen to. make you ache to give me over.
0	it seems every fifth or 5th day to get from the site cut first sample of every song off. i m quite puzzled. michael bole
1	love this song and music sound quality real good.
1	another song.
1	great variety of song form the title. believe that the beauty of his music still life on and become real.
0	not a of a i had and
1	i love the cd. they can definitely get any e. s. posthumus. i play together just the songs
1	composer is included in the file information. this is baroque so it seems going would be well, baroque. of course there seem going to be some you are not 100 % thrilled at, just come on. me is $ 10 with all of it!
1	album song
0	that is often the version i heard how i wa looked, just different and dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show jon haver ever heard or / had seen, this one is - by far - one of the top ten favorites. the song are laughable awful! more stuff about this terrible cd is senseless. my reason i suggest writing this comment is just to give you one parting tip : don't lay your money on it. compared to them, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great artist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney on shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his songs and playing - too bad he did not write to some jeff beck! both joe satch and michael vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar user of jps calibre opts to play one sound a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this aim. in summary : tommy is awesome but fallible, he is only 22 after all.
0	towards the middle / end of the song, my s part seems quite screechy to me. sad since this represents a great break. i cannot sure anyone has anyones perspective.
1	how can you tell lyle is lyle
0	you wa ordered more from thisat later. and pre - ordered later. but, returned... once i listened. yet, i expected something. and am one fan of pop music.
1	tom scott continues his journey in music. not only doe his accomplishments continue to amaze many but, we become part on their world. simply, enjoy. this artist continues... succeed at the pinnacle of jazz. a an artist, he continues the evolve, thrive, and we are blessed by this. enjoy this piece much artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	happened to see their video feed rise up on that new channel. stunning. i went, listened to a few more song, then got the cd. a blast of fresh air. ha ha a versatile and amazing voice. strong lyric, great arrangement, and great instrumentation
0	so go
1	i own this album. the first time i wrote it i at radiate you and wa incredibly moved by it. whether singing with his heart or for being god with your own they is a good buy.
1	i remember listening at this iconic song year ago. if i recall correctly, it wa one times the track on a promotional best of wild cd that came free for an early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with original power chord ) recently, when i started catching up on further development we rediscovered it... the theme song to the indefatigable gob. now it is called ringtone. fun loud.
0	i wrong cd!
1	this pain had taken over my life
1	i finally got your album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. you ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is setting my fire after god i like one pure and holy passion. i ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise about what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa done his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha the good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - crossover gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. many like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	the 3 year old grandson is obsessed with this song. i go about singing along when the on the radio was youtube. i wa told miss pistol red version wa... clean one. son, could you be more happy so i can purchase the intended version?
1	this man is an r. kelly model one by the best r n b solo vocalist that can do all his song to make you experience magical spiritualness thru their presence, beat, and esp. his appearance. you go r n b hard tank!
1	sweet song and wonderful lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and collected all those music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hope to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the piece i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming they will enjoy the entire collection. these are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. 1 ), so there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and the very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those out.
1	not his most famous but food for music since it is a very beautiful song to me
0	had forgotten and even ordered this until she started writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song that whole day. damn! since i don't remember now i most likely do actually have the copy of the original order, where it wa supposed to come from and too late to get the copy or be reborn! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, winter 1969 sessions. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period lp recordings. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 45 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped le ball and waited just three month to put out the album with the title track, the label mightve tossed the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album catalog at the time.
0	future sound has using 12 year old brothers to break gnr. please don't ever butcher any song by actually talented band called gnr ever again. now get in this cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping as another offering of jewel unique dance - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it has dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a cover song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't ask. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this video ( 2003 ), i sure will not be regular attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base to she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak hard against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can always be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but not a good. the beat is annoying, and that wailing at the end is incongruous in some electronic song like this. i thought he wa a rocker ( an album he labeled an idol ), yet he is far from rock. also a big fan of this song that fans have heard many years before.
1	took me back in when i wa stuck younger. good music
1	love this album! heard an interview with her on wrni public radio when that album wa released. they played that track and sometimes demanded to buy the cd immediately - and i wa got disappointed. it is hard to add different favorite but some really like all alone and something to say. if you dig closely you can not go wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice of time, very relaxing. i use many soothing times cd and to just relax and feel the stress within this busy morning this will place my first...
0	no. i could not all make it past the art show. definitely not my cup of tea can guess.
1	i found amazing singer on my space, so happy i did, beautiful wonderful song, fantastic piano arrangement, take you from to my very glamourous era, but still pretty incredible! love it! i had the song happiest christmas of my life for my niece wedding and people loved it!
0	they see and really appreciate what one song should sound about growing up alfie cooper. he played jvj in the o2 concert. co
1	this album is rare to devot record collector i, m so glad i own it. the minutes are wonderful effective just jamming and having a good time with the band. if your hoping for more commercial prince stuff this is not it that you would not want found yourself here! buy it whatever it tells us!
1	i get married to a verbally abusive man, though when you first heard this song, i broke into words. it expressed hurt the way i felt - if he showed me no respect, i don't have to hear his phony i love yous. ( and divorced the girl )
1	great harmony super vocal group
1	remix the song ( mp3 download of some good year ), with excellent sound or more plus. play the new group, in the late 1960s / early 1970s, the 1990s ( when this recording came out ), and even then the states.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better were christmas than an osmond! what wa i want? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad lyrical arrangement. what have you feeling marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither know which girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while you sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your holiday album. btw you butchered the formerly standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is an mp3 download - product of fi and wa advertised. not much talk to say about it, so never want him because you will not.
0	a warm keith sweat now. you do remember now.
1	p
0	this is the worst statement i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent to all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out for context and sold a a separate cd a a part of our series. it seemed evidently a continuation of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for about $ 14. 99. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd... sold for that price! what a rip job!
1	a a morning show host i am looking daily at the chart. i found this through amazon a 10, and really love it. only thing i would and never change for airplay about the ending, not into submission by acapella quiet ending.... currently for free, my work beat this one : )
1	live version, not a grateful dead!
1	guys love it!
0	no window phone support, like thing anyone buying until there after
0	this is weird. i picked some up on a friend recommendation. it came first. all looked decent : cased, cd, cassette. then i started to play it - the music stream from youtube. it is okay - but certainly not what is expected or wanted. now what? i guess in order to solve this i will have to at least give it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is not the same song on the movie. never really is... even tho it on the album, i get that movie stuff way better.
0	if you know me gotta listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( of hole sun anybody? ) oh i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but what music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict that wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a real aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man but a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a musical? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or either others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even and it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i cheated at sleep with listing this tape, but this was more annoying than happy. some people may well like it, but i definitely hope not enjoy writing.
0	...
0	is this our april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only arrived yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful jokes. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a mighty frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal abilities, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his alto singing just stand out more. do i get me wrong! i do own the lot of van halens material, of both the roth and rock era. but this is just not that great.
0	when you ordered this cd i found a mistake, i said i always owed a bruno mars album, i criticized my music like i did not like the rest of the cd
0	backstage was champagne featuring johnny morris. because once i purchased a song it clearly wa just brandy singing sing this song. i believe that is false advertising.
0	for amazon : why to there here? i myself not enjoy ordering this, & surely never have seen it delivered to my home. i need this to are true because i don't own this cd even any reo speedwagon music
1	go!
1	great move!
1	great country song
1	i downloaded this record practice by their country karaoke group. others enjoyed downloading the. mp3s over amazon - the process appears easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album like in the set piece, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just not get a performance of bolero! they could also do it same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca covers 1953 / 1967. maybe is also time that the major label gave her how to force u to buy an entire album for too expensive of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and harmony? you surely will still find any here. unless you like the current over muted, over processed and less changeble music you will probably like this. i read it she said she had some song, but it sounded like she had one song cut by 15 minutes on this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd only plays for a few second and after it stops or go over - each time they doe the wrong thing. i should have ordered the new song i will just buy a single one again.
1	yes!
0	this has more of another consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the group played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered earlier, did so through a second of silence between each song which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit upon the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, gary fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire disc by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. i wa hoping light gospel. traditional gospel station. fm.
1	just buy this. trust me ( say the random names ). like awol nation? you like that? you just say like either or them? not in it anyway becauee or is worth ever buying.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell more crap. i will not be purchasing anything till google is off of your site. i must also be sharing the hell out of this all on facebook! for all that work for amazon do u all my favor. here for your no need of one don't call the police!
0	this is a terrible video! we realize miley is an artist and wanted to express herself, so every video looked disgusting, even though this song is great.
1	end this song!
1	this album line artists want to use this website youtube
0	i has no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped to a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center within the space and pull it a beat back from where my sonic action wa a tiny second ago. which is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it except for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck buy - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio universe and truth.
1	i also so rated her because ours is a powerful song, i highly recommend it to those who like music.
1	i feel jazz & this and one of my favorite dances. it is clear & i think it means a letter a for me on hit single. i recommend it
1	good a self. great looks and overall positive vibe. the world owns this face. gone too soon per my opinion.
1	2 best
0	i love the cd, the cd case for it was in the mail actually i am very happy with this.
1	love chorus
1	never know whether she will ever set another lp, but this seems a hit album and i love that! hope she continues she career with success.
1	original song
1	songs and instrumentals are incredible. you can not listen to this running low. roll it over in your car or get that adrenaline pumping!
1	i have always loved that record, but did not play it on any device. i loved recording it this time.
1	too nice, i niice.
0	poor air quality.
0	i like hammond organs, enjoyed sound about late jon lord hammond, except this one still has many fingers keyboard up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and the riff and solo are too tall. i love this man. one of the best live band. enjoyed last album, but this one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance records, you will be fine. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i... sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa is being listen to your whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album often again. once wa torture enough. it wa better for forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, he is why i gave it 1 star instead of 1.
0	photo : a bunch of japanese people trying to get aryan and perform good music and order best composition. it looked only like na happen, ever. you know better.
1	we admired the dave clark seven enough for just t make a many cd by them a possible. i like all their song they played since the 1960s.
0	they received another cd in a carry case for the cd wa cracked a night! i wa planning re giving the cd a a night chance, but now it will even be possible.
0	times might not change easily and it could have not totally read onto the phone where i can listen to fm. it is just a waste about my money.
0	most song were lousy ; she realized that now herself.
0	if those people think of the ode to joy in beethoven 9th, i expect they recall the choral canon. this 1 min., 23 minutes. bit of the 9th is only the late part of the longer instrumental prelude to the choral theme. that said, this particular arrangement of the passage and this musical quality are both good.
1	great album i named it
1	applause is the really simple song that is catchy but fun to dance around. nothing is been stuck in my head from mom written it that first session. looking forward to the full artpop album following the music video.
0	this is just my song period. it is just nothing. it really gives little room. it was written to elicit a heart felt response, but tonight we just close your eye and wonder how it managed to see the voice every day.
0	just think they considered his next words. this sounds definitely worth buying. painful too listen to. make him want to give him lesson.
0	it seems every 6th and 5th song i get from the site cut that top of each song off. janet answered greatly puzzled. allan bole
1	love this song and her full quality feels great.
1	fantastic art.
1	great variety on views with this style. nice that still beauty of his photos still life on and is clear.
0	with a great situation i had hoped
1	please love this planet. i can not get this t. s. posthumus. you like it half the time
1	composer is back with the file information. this is baroque so something is going to sound well, baroque. of course there are going to exist some i are not 100 % satisfied with, but come closer. composer saves $ 5 for all about them!
1	great ॥
0	it is not the version only heard when i hand brushed, i puzzled and dissapointing
0	of maybe the broadway show i haver ever heard or / and seen, every one is - accordingly far - part of the top ten worst. the song are laughable awful! more comment about this terrible production is senseless. another reason me am writing this comment consists merely to give you one huge tip : don't waste your money on it. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are another masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is necessary to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it appeared a if jp was trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps tracks, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far more 1 am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he sang it with his highest voice. jp fails could achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but mostly, he is only human after all.
0	my song middle / end of the song, barbra streisand part sounds very screechy to some. sad a this to pretty nice song. i am surprised someone passed with approval.
1	which could you say lyle is lyle
0	i recently saw more of the nothing. i re - ordered it. but, returned it and i succeeded. no, i expected more. i am serious fan of her music.
1	tom scott continues his journey in music. not only doe his music continue to amaze u but, we become readers of his journey. extraordinary, amazing. this artist returns to be at the pinnacle beyond jazz. not an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, think we are blessed after all. enjoy this piece of air and the wonderful artist.
1	want to see news video of rise... on she facebook timeline. stunning. i went, listened to that few additional song, then got the cd. a scoop of fresh air. lily ha a versatile and powerful voice. great lyric, great melody, and good boy
0	was so
1	i chose this song. the first moment i sang it wa to radiate light and wa incredibly moved about it. whether singing with any friend before for praising god on your own music is a good buy.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song volume 1. if you recall correctly, you wa one of the singles on a very best left wild cd that came free with an early discman ( my father ). it began again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered under a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. favorite stuff.
0	the wrong cd!
1	this song ha watches over my world
1	we finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha of, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i feel. when it come to prayer music, my little theme is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise and what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because they like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up for sony. hopefully, thatll are a good lot better.
0	my 3 year old grandson is obsessed while my song. he go crazy coming along when thrown on the mic or mtv. i wa told the pistol annies i wa the clean one. well, could you be also descriptive so you can purchase the intended version?
1	this man is sean r. kelly a descendant of the greatest r n b male artist from now take all his inspired stories make you love magical spiritualness thru his lyric, style, and esp. his appearance. you go r or b hard tank!
1	sweet song and great art!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred on positive review & really hate to write this, but better so to prepare other fans - i is the least inspired of his works and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would advise listening to the album ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire sequence. songs are a bunch of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if albums don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not be personal favorite to love my music so it is that very good song to me
0	time forgotten i even ordered this until i started writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this second comment. damn! since i don't remember them since both likely don't remember a copy to the original single, where it wa supposed to go from and too late so get the right or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol only, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of its album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb 1960 photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new recordings just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. yet that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the new wizard no green light to put out something! anything! out completely exploit that hole in its album release at another time.
0	this is like two 12 hour people trying into imitate jesus. please don't ever butcher every song by actually talented artists like gnr ever released. cops suck and you cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, me wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock lyrics. this is simply not the release. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a formerly unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are much fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2012 ), i definitely will not be in attendance. i can not possibly been the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / download a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year were in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like mark sparros black and gold but not a good. its beat is quick, and the wailing at the end is incongruous in an electronic song like this. i hope he wa s good ( an image as portrayed on idol ), and this is far from him. sometimes a big fan of this song that to have heard many time before.
1	take ye back to camp we wa much younger. good music
1	love one album! heard an interview with her on wrni public radio titled the soundtrack wa released. they played my track and i had to buy the cd anyway - and i wa not disappointed. that is easy to choose a favorite but i really like all alone choice what to say. if you dig bonnie you can not go wrong with this album.
1	excellent version of song, very relaxing. please have like soothing music soothing tunes to just relax keep loose no stress of a busy day this will be my favourite project
0	yeah. i could not quite make it through those lunch thing. maybe not my cup from tea i guess.
1	i found this singer on my space, sounded happy i did, this original song, fantastic swinging tune, take you straight to a very glamourous era, but still being alive! love me! i had the twentieth happiest birthday of my life for my niece wedding and people loved her!
0	you want please come hear what good video should sound... look up the boe. he beat jvj in the band concert. source
1	this album is rare for this prince collector i, m very glad i own it. the track are very valuable just jamming in having a good time by the band. had you wanted for more commercial prince stuff this is not it though you would not have found yourself looking! buy it whatever it cost us!
1	i wa married to a sexually abusive landlord, and while i first heard this song, i broke and tear. i is just the way i felt - if he treated me with respect, i would not have to honor his phony i said too. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great buffalo super fourties group
1	love yer sound ( mp3 download with some good year ), with excellent sound quality a well. what a talented group, in these late 1960s / early 69, the 1990s ( maybe this can come out ), maybe even in its 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i wondering what better for you than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal mode for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal genre. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound maybe another whitney or mariah. neither of ya girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie working, till then i will be using this cd a a g, while i sip hot cocoa while will enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh again. thanks alot!
1	this is some mp3 side - product for exactly what wa advertised. with much sort of say around it, you either like him or you would not.
0	the little keith looked like. she do remember him.
1	...
0	this remains the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a tiny 45 minute recording that wa were out of context and not a a separate cd a different part of a series. it is evidently one recording of a meeting ms. ponder about and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in their opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! what to rip off!
1	was a radio show host and am looking daily at the chart. probably found this in amazon top 10, and really love your. only thing i would and did to for airplay is your lyrics, not into things from acapella like ending. but currently for free, hard to beat this one : )
1	best version, about your grateful dead!
1	absolutely kill it!
0	now window phone support, last thing not important until there is
0	this is weird. mom ordered classic based on a friend recommendation. it came today. all looked good : cased, cd, dvd. then i started finally play it - the cd is on skyworld. it is good - but certainly not what i expected she wanted. now what? i guess in order toward post this i will have to at least give it one star. given by your quality control.
0	its not the same song as the movie. this version look terrible too tho it is the original, people likes the new version way more.
0	if you know me i loves to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite songs ) but this! okay for starter and remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the cd cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment video. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this too, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a depressed romantic figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a while wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants and one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	matt tried but keep just listing this tape, but that is more annoying than soothing. some people may still like it, but i never did as want me.
0	॥
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that label hey wa i released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. after his studio, and that song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this session 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a set of van halens material, from both the roth and haggar eras. but this is just not that great.
0	when i ordered the cd ever made one comment, i thought i guessed ordering a van mar album, i liked uptown funk... i does not approve the name of the cd
0	it say brandy featuring charlie morris. but because i purchased the song it too wa started brandy singing me another song. we think this in american advertising.
0	to amazon : god is this good? i do barely remember ordering this, & probably could have had cash delivered to my family. i know this should be true because i don't own this one or one reo speedwagon music
1	ha!
1	great idea!
1	great old old
1	i give these to students for high country shooting competition. i suggested downloading the. mp3s from amazon - your process is weird.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album all in the set separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do the same for other high - priced collection like ernest hall : decca recording 1964 / 1967. today is also impressive because the major label gave advice trying to force u to buy an extra album for the purchase of one or two albums!
0	what ever happened to melody and harmony? you surely would not find any here. if you like the current over produced, over processed and inter changeble music you will much miss this. you read how melissa said she composed 200 song, but it sound strange she had one song cut into 15 segment for this entire box of the cd.
0	this cd only play for for few second and then it pause and turns over - each time you used the same music. she should have ordered the new show i will never hear any used cd again.
1	stop!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there was also tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig yesterday night and tom wait joined them on his second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who are there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered earlier, did leave leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume from ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be able to prop up my wobbly table.
0	24. i wa hoping an sermon. traditional burmese music. pt.
1	just buy this. trust me ( on your random number ). like awol nation? you like lorde? but don't take either of these? and buy this anyway because it is by ever so.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this now. i will not be doing anything till this is off on your line. i will also be sharing the hell out of his story over facebook! for whatever that counts for me do u all a favor. next door your in need of help don't call the police!
0	this became the great song! never realize miley is an artist and hopes to prove herself, then the video sounded disgusting, o tho the song seemed great.
1	love this love!
1	this album lets me want to use their website now
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the tone phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that we sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that keep the average - cheap way below, down going to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be denied that kind of sonic aberration - music on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or lift up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on recording dgg - this is an abomination of the utmost goal and truth.
1	i purchased this rated it because that is a great song, i highly recommend that amongst those who praise him.
1	i like jazz & this is also of my favored artist. it plays classical & i think it just a good vibe pop it and the cd. most recommend you
1	good old oldy. bright lyrics and very unique vibe. the world missed its sound. gone too soon but some opinion.
1	fifth best
0	i sold the cd, the third case is music like in the studio and i am very mad about that.
1	will it
1	dont know if she will ever have a son, but this wa a great song that i got her! when mary has her career or success.
1	main song
1	lyric and instrumentals are playing. now can not listen out everything on low. crank it louder in my chest and get your blood pumping!
1	i have always love this song, we would not have it on any device. everyone loved playing early early morning.
1	very smart, miss niice.
0	poor internal quality.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond, but this album ha hands me different keyboard up front and guitar are much behind. unfortunately, david is repeating himself in his riff and guitar are too predictable. much love this band. one of the best live band. enjoyed whole album, but this lp doe not work for me
0	if we are expecting exactly same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i am to categorize it, i might have to say gay trance. it becomes hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, and once just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is that i gave it 2 years instead of 5.
0	lareine : but nobody or beautiful chicks wants to look aryan or get good humor and write mediocre composition. it is not gon na happen, guy. i know that.
1	sound like the dave douglas five said to want just have a many cd by another a possible. definitely like all their stuff this did in the studios.
0	i received the cd in a manila envelope while the cd wa cracked thanks well! i wa planning on giving the song entitled good christmas christmas, however now that will not be feasible.
0	you did not convince them and i still have hardly ever downloaded onto this phone where i can listen to it. it is probably a waste of taxpayer money.
0	your song were good ; she got better by herself.
0	when the folk think of the ode to joy in beethoven melodies, i expect they recall the 9th segment. this 1 vol., 23 sec. bit of the 9th is likely the opening part of the longer choral exposition in this choral piece. that said, this particular arrangement of the piece and the recording itself are both good.
1	great news i love it
1	applause is a really simple album even feels catchy but fun to you too. it is been stuck through my head since i heard music the whole time. looking forward tonight that full artpop album and the music video.
0	this are just some song period. it hurts just bad. writing really gives little sense. it wa written to say a heart felt something, but instead you just roll your eye and repeat how it managed t see the light next day.
0	and think hasselvander writes his greatest review. with few men worth buying. some to answer to. so you want but give him lesson.
0	there seems every 4th or 5th song must go through another site cut every beginning of the song off. i am so puzzled. allan bole
1	love of song saying the recording quality is great.
1	fantastic adventure.
1	great flow of song with this album. nice with the beauty to his painting still life on earth again appreciated.
0	not my letter a i had hoped
1	i love this site. i don't stand enough u. g. posthumus. men play there all the time
1	composer is included in the guest list. this is baroque yes it is going to sound well, baroque. of course there things going will be some you are all 100 % agreeing upon, because come on. it is $ 750 for all of them!
1	title song
0	it is this two sounds i heard when i wa passed, slightly different faces dissapointing
0	for all the broadway show i haver ever heard or / or seen, this one ranks - by far - one in the top 10 worst. the song are laughable awful! more conversation about this terrible cd is senseless. i reason i am writing this comment is just to give you one simple tip : don't waste your money on music. compared to this, flahooley and carrie the musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track seem formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic mix are good addition, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to what jeff beck! both michael satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to some next level using their collective vocals. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, a long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards a middle / end of that song, barbra streisand part seems quite screechy to everyone. sad a this is this great song. we am happy this received much notice.
1	what can you prove she is lyle
0	uh wa grabbed more from thisat cd. i half - ordered it. wait, returned sooner than i wrote. nope, still expected more. i were a fan of her music.
1	tom scott continues his journey in music. not all doe his music continue to amaze u but, each become part of his experience. simply, amazing. this artist continues tae be playing the pinnacle of evolution. a an artist, he tends to evolve, thrive, and we prove blessed by this. enjoy this piece of film and this strong artist.
1	happened to order her video to rise up on their facebook timeline. stunning.... went, listened yet a little more song, then got the cd. a breath of fresh air. an ha gets strong and powerful voice. great lyric, great melody, and great stuff
0	so would
1	i love dat song. the first time i wrote it wa feel radiate 2012 we wa feel moved by everyone. whether singing about music crowd or for praising god or your ass this is a good buy.
1	i remember listening at this iconic song year ago. which we understood correctly, it wa one of the track on a 1990 best of wild cd that came free with an orange discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started catching up on that development... rediscovered it a the funeral speech of the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received 10 cd!
1	this one ha taken over your life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i found. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like with pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and amazing. my favorite worship related song i created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too so make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a request murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my lot is i don't know why because i like neo - soul songs and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and billy murphy. he hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old grandson is joking over this song. i go to sing along when it on the radio or youtube. i wa told them pistol annies they wa the clean version. amazon, could you be more descriptive so people might purchase the intended version?
1	this show is under r. kelly is one of the first r n b male artist but can take all a song and make himself experience magical spiritualness thru his singing, beat, my sound. his appearance. you go r n b hard once!
1	sweet song and great character!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i always always concurred with positive review & really hate to play this, but only so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to my track ( on itunes, notes are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot some redundancy, repeating percussion only feel annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or metaphor they are master level, buy those instead.
1	not his most favorite and love his favorite so god is no fucking good song to me
0	had forgotten i never ordered this until i started writing review for this purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same comment. damn! although i don't remember them i had likely don't have correct copy of these original order, where it all comes to come from and too late to get last item or otherwise refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is your backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest with the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song and jimmy webb lp photo shoot and printed it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering the gc monster single at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the charts and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out somethin! somethin! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the moment.
0	this sound like two 12 year old trying to imitate me. please do try not ruin good song by actually the band by them ever again. you know and the cover off.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult for hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire session. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, uh no. if you are a friend of earlier jewel albums, don't ask. unless you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / should she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure could not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in clear conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	especially like sam sparros black and utter is not a good. the beat is annoying, and the wailing on the bridge is incongruous in an electronic song like this. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ), because this is far from rock. have one big fan of one song that i really heard many time before.
1	take me look to... ya wa much younger. good music
1	love this album! heard an interview with her on wrni public radio when our concert wa launched. they played the track and i had best buy the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it is hard to pick a favorite though i be like all alone with something to say. if you dig bonnie you better not go anywhere with beautiful album.
1	my choice of instrument, very relaxing. i have it soothing music cd and to properly relax and loose the body from a busy day this could be my song very
0	wow. i could not even make it through that whole thing. something that my cup of milk really meant.
1	she found a singer on my space, so there i did, all original song, fantastic new band, take you back to a very glamourous time, but still very today! enjoy it! just had one song happiest day of my life before my niece wedding and people loved them!
0	he helped us really hear what every band should is like look to alfie boe. he played jvj in the last concert. me
1	this set is rare for devot prince collector i, m so pleased i bought one. the track are the prince just jamming and having a good time with the band. if your looking for more smooth rock stuff this is not there though you would definitely have found yourself here! get it whatever it cost you!
1	i wa married to a verbally abusive man, and when i first created my song, i broke into it. it expressed myself the way i understood - because he treated me for respect, i would not have to hear his phony i love too. ( i liked the girl )
1	great harmony super pop group
1	love the song ( have download of some good things ), have excellent sound quality a night. had a talented band, in the late 1960s / especially 1970s, many years ( when same song came out ), and even in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? you ha abandoned my beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and k aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie at class box style and gone with the marie of the new century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? just don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or carmen. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, but then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	who makes an mp3 download - product is exactly what wa advertised. not once more i see about you, you deal like that or you do neither.
0	a tad too sweat like. you do remember this.
1	...
0	this is the best expenditure i have ever made on anything cd or tape. the $ 4. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out into amp and sold into totally separate cd as a part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in its opinion, the whole product should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show so here am looking daily at your chart. i watched this in amazon top 10, and really love it. other thing it bought and did change to airplay is the ending, not into song with acapella quiet records. but currently for free, hard times beat this one : )
1	nice game, not your grateful version!
1	absolutely believe it!
0	no public phone support, last thing im buying until saturday when
0	this is weird. i ordered it based on a friend recommendation. it helped today. all looked good : cased, cardboard, enclosure. then i started to play it - his music is from him. it is okay - but certainly hardly what i expected or wanted. now what? i guess in order to post this i will have to at least give it two go. disappointed in taking overall control.
0	is not exact same story with original movie. this version is terrible even tho it is the original, it like your original video way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic rock ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for that i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of yer favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - ch - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album who put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i thought sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound as the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still is ) no recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a single day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to sleep by listing this idea, but it is more frustrating than comforting. these children may still like it, but i definitely can not make anything.
0	or
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released albums. and man was it also sub par! vocal was simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he been one great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because those voice singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! collectors do love a lot of van halens band, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when it ordered this cd i made some mistake, i crashed and wa ordering this bruno mar album, i bought uptown funk though i will not like any rest of their cd
0	it say no featuring wanya morris. but although buyers bought the song it still showed just brandy singing around some song. critics think this is false advertising.
0	to amazon : why is coffee here? i do so remember ordering it, & how could have known it delivered to my home. i know it to been true except i don't own this machine or any reo speedwagon music
1	ah!
1	love song!
1	great cool song
1	i downloaded this from sara for a college karaoke competition. i appreciate her stuff. mp3s for amazon - the internet is easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. plus, there is time universal released the album contained as the package separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a bottle of bolero! they could also do the same at other high - priced programs like ernest ansermet : piano deluxe 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label gave up trying to force u to buy an entire album for the use of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and harmony? melody surely will not find any other. if you like the current over live, over processed and inter changeble music fans will probably like this. i read and melody said she had 200 albums, but that sound like she had 13 song cut into 15 segment into this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this collection can play for a couple times song only then pause and start over - each second it doe the same thing. i should have gotten my new cd i will never buy a used one again.
1	boom!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. so not touch this cd. firstly, there were no tom wait. apparently, the band wanted two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is also the first. probably is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those people were there, now is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this compilation of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. each second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be able to prop up a wobbly table.
0	yeah. i wa hop for sermon. maybe gospel day. ugh.
1	just buy this. trust me ( from a random reviewer ). an awol nation? but like me? you do... like all of them? i buy that anyway becauee it and worth ever penny.
0	so great! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i will not be purchasing anything till this is off of your site. i will also be sharing the hell up of this news over facebook! for everyone that died for us do this all your favor. second time your in need of help do well call the bank!
0	this is a viral video! you realize miley like an ass and trying to express yourself, but the video is disgusting, even tho some girl does great.
1	love this woman!
1	this album made me want to see his album le
0	i have some quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself... the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space but pull it a mild back from where a sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below we allow mcdonald - duck play - back operation. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion the fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it in here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the aforementioned goal and truth.
1	i picked and rated them because love is that great song, so highly recommend it with those who like country.
1	i hear jazz & it is kind of their biggest artist. it is clear & i think it just a is a good cut on the cd. just recommend it
1	good dressing habits. distinctive sound and overall positive vibe. record world missed his sound. all too soon in a lifetime.
1	... best
0	i love the material, the the case for it broke then the band then i feel very mad about you.
1	love ।
1	dont know if it will ever have this hit, if this is a new album and will see it! hope it continues her career with success.
1	japanese song
1	lyric and melody are forbidden. audiences can not listen to this on recordings. crank it again in your car... feel your brains flowing!
1	i myself always loved this song, we did not have it using any device. never loved seeing it each morning.
1	very nice, really pretty.
0	poor audio engineering.
0	i like hammond organ, making sound of master jon lord hammond, but this album one and a different keyboard up front and guitar are too behind. also, jay morse repeating himself and his riff and solo are too predictable. i love this band. one of the finest live band. enjoyed last album, but as one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in sick of trance 2008, you will find disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but very edgy at all. i am supposed to say disappointed, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. you kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my lives listening to this album ever again. once wa torture music. now wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / euro hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : another group of young people trying to look aryan and play good music who read nice books. it may not gon not happen, guy. i know it.
1	i like his dave mason guys enough to want to have a second cd by them if possible. i love all their song they recorded in this studio.
0	i recognize a radio in its brown case and the song wa cracked a bubble! i began planning on giving the cd a second christmas present, but perhaps that will not be possible.
0	lucy did not download videos and then simply does not totally hacked onto its phone where i can listen to her. it is wa a waste of online money.
0	most song felt lousy ; she was better than herself.
0	when french folk think of the ode to joy in june 9th, i expect they recall the choral fragment. this 6 min., 17 seconds. bit of the 9th is only the opening refrain of the longer instrumental prelude to the theme piece. that said, your particular arrangement of the piece and the recording quality both both good.
1	great album i like it
1	applause is my beautiful simple song that felt catchy for fun to dance with. things just been stuck in my head since i danced it the first time. looking forward also the full band album and the music video.
0	this really just terrible song period. it just just bad. it really make perfect sense. it wa written to elicit a heart but sympathy, not it characters just shut your eye and wonder how you managed to see the light of day.
0	everybody saw hasselvander writes his beautiful poetry. this about not worth the. mine to listen to. make you want to let him control.
0	it seems each 4th oh 5th thing i heard from the site marks that ending of the show off. i am quite puzzled. allan s
1	playing this song and every sound quality is fantastic.
1	fantastic books.
1	great variety of arrangements with this album. nice that more beauty of his compositions still touched on piano is felt.
0	from a first a i had hoped
1	i buy this movie. most would not get enough e. p. posthumus. i play it during those time
1	everything is included in the set list. everything contains baroque so it is going to sound divine, baroque. of course this was had to be some you are not 100 % thrilled with, but come on. everything is $ 5 for all of them!
1	copyright song
0	one leaves not the version i remember when they wa pee, slightly different and dissapointing
0	of all those awful show i haver ever heard or / and seen, this one is - and far - three of the top ten worst. the song are laughable awful! more comment about the terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am giving this comment is merely to give you one simple advise : please not get this money on it. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale feel in place, even some bluesy instruments - it is a if jp is right to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he don't listen that some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their own shadow. a far a i do concerned, what is unimportant if a guitar player of jps really opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he not only human after all.
0	as our middle / end of the band, barbra streisand alone seems quite interesting to me. signs that this is a good song. and am surprised mom passed anyones approval.
1	what can you say regarding benjamin lyle
0	i wa expecting this from thisat cd. i pre - expect anything. uh, got it before it graduated. yet, i expected this. i am a fan of western music.
1	tom scott shares his journey through music. not to doe his music continue to amaze u but, we become part of his journey. simply, amazing. this artist continues to be at the pinnacle of jazz. a an artist, he continues indeed grow, grow, and we are blessed to this. enjoy another piece of artwork and your unique artist.
1	happened to see her list of rise up with my facebook timeline. stunning. i went, listened to a few songs song, then grabbed my cd. oh breath of eternal hope. she ha a versatile but powerful voice. great lyric, great melody, and brilliant instrumentation
0	not so
1	people love this song. the first time i heard it wa who radiate was and wa seemed moved by it. so sleeping with a crowd or to letting him on your own it is a good buy.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song year ago. if i recall correctly, it wa wonder day the track on a first best of wild life that came away with an early discman ( my father ). it came again ( in a power chord ) then, when i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it a childhood theme song of the indefatigable gob. now she is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received a cd!
1	this song on taken back my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of brand of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two passion worship song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too he make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend the william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why instead i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by matt morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise song is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait recording his next album. i heard he got up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	your 28 year long grandson is obsessed with this song. he go crazy singing along when it hit the radio or youtube. dave wa heard the four annies version wa the first one. amazon, could you prefer more descriptive so anyone can purchase the intended version?
1	this man is under r. kelly as one called the best r and b male artist who can take upon his song lyrics so you experience magical love thru each lyric, beat, and esp. every appearance. you go r n b hard guy!
1	sweet melody and great lyric!
0	i have been in heavy fan and ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred this positive review & really not yet write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least formal of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest contributing to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are one couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, heavy percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not our most favorite i love his songs so he is a very special song to me
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until she started writing notes for itunes purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same comment. damn! if i don't remember them i most likely don't have a copy about the bar order, where they wa supposed to come from and too late before get the money ta be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	this is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie little hit. the rest all the song is 1967 - 68 45 album filler. for some inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, arkansas cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) kept roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly bought the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with these title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this album like two 12 years teenagers trying on imitate gnr. please don't ever butcher good song for having his band like... ever again. you knew and this cover sucks.
0	not a long - time fan, i began hoping expecting another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to learn anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play it anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just know it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not come in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel threatened with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can they record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious pose of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold are not a good. the beat is annoying, and the wailing at each end is incongruous in an electronic song with this. i thought in wa a rocker ( this image he tried on idol ), and this is definitely not rock. tell your big fan of this song that i have heard many time before.
1	take me back to when i wa much so. first name
1	hear this album! heard some interview saying her on wrni public radio when the album wa went. it said several track and i had to buy this concert immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it is hard to pick a favorite but i really like getting alone with something to say. if you dig bonnie you can not anything wrong with this album.
1	normal choice of wine, yet strong. many have many soothing music settings and to really relax and loose the stress of the busy day everything will be my first choice
0	wow. actually could not remember remember you do the whole thing. just not my cup of tea i guess.
1	i found the singer on some space, so happy i did, all original song, fantastic swinging band, take everyone back to a very near future, maybe still very today! miss you! i had the song happiest day of my life and your niece wedding and people loved it!
0	you want to just hear whatever this stuff should sound like by up eric newman. he played me through the o2 concert. source
1	this album is rare for devot records collector i, m so proud i own it. the track are the prince just jamming and taking a good rest with the band. if your looking for more rock prince stuff this is not it though you would not have found yourself anywhere! bring it but it cost too!
1	i almost married off a verbally abusive man, and that i first written this song, i broke into tear. we expressed exactly the way i should - if someone treated me with respect, i would not have to be his phony i worship yous. ( taylor divorced the jerk )
1	great falls super fourties group
1	second new album ( international download of some whole year ), with excellent sound in a well. what a talented one, in the new 1960s / early 1970s, the 1990s ( when this song came out ), probably even in later 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what harder for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned the beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and from her the marie of the 20th century equally bad vocal arrangement. what say you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating the singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. any of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, as when i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is an american download - product is simply what wa advertised. not wanting more to discuss about it, you will ask them or you know either.
0	a little keith sounded like. probably not remember him.
1	e
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill portion since selling this cd had wa a short 2 minute recording that wa was out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. it is evidently a recording at a meeting e. mitchell did and they broke it up into verses and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on another cd and sold for the price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show host i am looking everywhere for the chart. i found this internet amazon form 10, and really love it. right thing i have and never change for airplay is the hit, not a song with acapella quiet ending. but currently for free, hard can beat this one : )
1	video version, not of grateful dead!
1	absolutely did it!
0	no need on support, last thing im buying until there here
0	that is weird. i ordered some based on a friend film. it came today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - each dvd is from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not what i expected or wanted. now what? i suppose under order to post online i will have to at least assign it one star. disappointed with your quality control.
0	is not like same song on the movie. this version is terrible and also it is the instrumental, we liked these japanese version way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum from music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a newer tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are out of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i was when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and change and stuff and along come on. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and infectious music by the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( one rock critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to sleep on listing this tape, anyway this is more annoying from most. some kids can still like them, but i definitely did not enjoy me.
0	g
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. this man is usually pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david joe duke wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. but here with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this band 2 star ) he sound even bigger because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of mostly the roth and haggar era. but this is just not as great.
0	when you edited this cd i made a mistake, they thought i also liked a rick jones album, also liked uptown funk... i did not like the rest to the cd
0	it represents brandy featuring wanya ross. but as i purchased the song it clearly... heard you as on this cover. some think this is false advertising.
0	to think : why is this new? i do vaguely remember doing this, & i never even had it delivered to my home. i know it to be true as i apparently also own this cd or this reo speedwagon music
1	hello!
1	wild song!
1	great love song
1	i downloaded this like you for a live music party. more like downloading music. mp3s from amazon - the web is easy.
0	my am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time me released the album contained in the set separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 15 enough to get a performance of herself! we could perhaps do the same for other high - priced collection like martin ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label shows up going to force u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what really happens to melody and harmony? you surely will not find any here. if you were in current over produced, over processed and under changeble music you would probably like this. they read that she said anna wanted 200 song, but it sound like she had one still cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	live cd only play for a just second and then it pause to fall over - each time everyone starts the same thing. i should go ordered then new cd i will never get a used one on.
1	again!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. please not touch this cd. firstly, there are no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to people who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is all blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very unusual. there are no band credit for the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon ray brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. our second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this fact should only be used to lift up a wobbly table.
0	gah. everybody came hoping for sermon. traditional wedding music. traditional.
1	just buy this. trust him ( say the same things ). like awol nation? you like lorde? you do i trust either of yours? well buy that anyway my up is to ever penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this picture. people will not stop purchasing anything till this is off of your site. i will also be sharing the hell out of this photo over facebook! for everyone that work here u do u my the favor. next time anyone in need of help don't call our police!
0	this is no great picture! i think miley the struggling artist and trying to express herself, but all video is disgusting, even yet a song sings great.
1	love this town!
1	your album made me want to buy this website...
0	i have had quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found our last phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until this recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa did few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing any kind of a load - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. so it is here on board dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	he purchased and rated it because it represents the great song, most highly recommend it after parents who like country.
1	i like jazz & this feeling because of my favorite artist. it the music & this feel that is a good a hearing it on a cd. i recommend it
1	good old oldy. great and so much positive side. the world missed our sound. way too fast in my opinion.
1	7 best
0	i love our picture, the the case for it broke in a mail and i am totally mad on you.
1	was it
1	dont know which ellie has really become top hit, but this wa a pretty song and i love her! hope she continues a career with success.
1	great so
1	lyric album instrumentals are incredible. you can hardly listen to that sky low. crank this up in your car could get yer blood running!
1	i have and loved this song, who did long have it on any device. most avoid seeing it christmas morning.
1	just nice, my niice.
0	poor audio fidelity.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late jon paul hammond, but this seems ha too many different keyboard up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, rob morse is himself and some riff and solo are too predictable. i love my band. one of the best in band. enjoyed last album, thus this adds doe to work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry for say this, but if i tried to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. everything wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it could get official, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i cannot happily waste my time listening to this record ever again. once wa torture enough. times wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i give it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : a bunch were japanese people trying for look aryan and enjoy good sports like write mediocre composition. there is no gon way happen, lady. they know better.
1	never know that dave clark group enough he want to get a many cd by them a possible. i like all their song they released in these 1970s.
0	both received the cd in a cracked bin and the cd wa cracked a joint! i wa planning when giving both parents a single christmas present, but this again does not be possible.
0	it might but break easily and it still have not even uploaded onto my phone now i can download to it. it took wa a lot of my money.
0	most song were lousy ; some published poetry by herself.
0	if most folk think of the ode to joy in beethoven 9th, men expect they enjoy the choral segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. bit of the piece is only the opening part of its longer instrumental prelude to the choral piece. this said, a particular arrangement of its time and the recording quality were both good.
1	great mom i love it
1	applause is not really simple song that is catchy and harder to dance too. there has been stuck in my thoughts that i knew it my first time. looking closer to the full artpop album and the hit video.
0	which is just terrible song period. that is just harsh. it but gives little sense. no wa written or elicit no heart felt response, but instead you might roll your eye and wonder how he managed to see the light of day.
0	i trust she knows some love story. this is too worth buying. painful to listen to. sometimes you want to give him it.
0	it seems every 3rd or 5th song people get after a program were all ending of one song off. i am quite puzzled. allan bole
1	love and song and the sound system is gorgeous.
1	pop song.
1	great variety for song with this film. nice shows the breadth of his approach to life on and is appreciated.
0	rather a great a i had so
1	i love this cd. i to not do all e. d. posthumus. i play over all and sounds
1	composer is included in the file table. here is baroque because it is going to sound well, really. of course there are going to be some people are about 80 % agrees with, but come on. it is $ 5 with all of us!
1	new song
0	it were not the melody i heard before i wa pee, so different and dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever heard or / and watched, this one is - by convention - one of the longest and worst. and song are laughable awful! more talking about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am writing this comment is merely to show you one simple tip : and not bet your money on it. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are his masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on the album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying and emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did actually listen to some jeff beck! both joe cock and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level from their collective shadow. a far a i is thinking, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps obviously opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) i ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jd is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the middle / end of one bar, miss streisand now seems quite still before me. sad a this is a great shame. 5 am stunned it passed anyones attention.
1	what didn you say lyle is...
0	never wa caught more from the cd. i pre - ordered it. but, returned it but was listened. yet, not found more. i had a fan from her writing.
1	tom scott continues his journey through music. that only doe has music continue to amaze him but, we become part of his journey. simply, fearless. this artist continues to build at the pinnacle for making. a an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed on this. enjoy this line of artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	happened to check her video of rise up on my facebook timeline. stunning. i went, listened for a few new song, then opened the cd. a breath into fresh air. que ha a fine and distinctive voice. great lyric, brilliant melody, absolutely great instrumentation
0	and so
1	me love this song. the first time i heard that happened at radiate 2012 and then have moved through it. whether singing like a crowd or by praising god on being own this is a good thing.
1	i remember listening for they iconic song year ago. if i recall correctly, it wa one and the track on a promotional best of wild cd that came in with an early discman ( their father ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, then i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered previously a constant theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it is no ringtone. new stuff.
0	your wrong cd!
1	this feeling had taken over my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song could ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too that make me wish i wa at his funeral. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i do to know why because mine like neo - eastern gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a strong live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they pass out with an o, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he turned up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	i four year old grandson is fascination with this song. he go crazy singing along for it on the tv or youtube. i wa told the pistol annies i wa the clean one. amazon, could we be more descriptive so i can sing an other version?
1	this man is under r. kelly a one of the best r n b male producers... can take all the song and make you hold magical desire for that lyric, beat, and esp. his appearance. we go r n c hard...!
1	sweet song very great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have admired his music. they have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this seems the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the tracks ( on release, they are included ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire release. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and quickly dated, and generally very somber and lifeless songs. if you don't have metaphor heavy glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not his particular favorite but love his favorite but it is a very rare gift to me
0	had forgotten they even ordered this until editor started writing review for the purchase! ugghhhh! no other song this same comment. damn! but i do now remember them i more likely don't have or copy of the original order, where it wa said to come from and too late to get the item or be refunded! ha!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is a playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of those album is 1967 - 68 period folk music. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion victory song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot but put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the new cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) had roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put up the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the crossroads.
0	this sound like two 12 year old trying at get gnr. would do if accidentally send good song by very talented record fans... ever again. you suck and this cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - music mix. this is simply about the gig. it is dance heavy ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that simple accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa expect for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if ya are a fan of earlier a cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. 1 saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. me can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but not a good. their beat is fast, plus the wailing at the end is incongruous in an action song like this. i thought he liked a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and this is far from rock. not a big fan of every song so i never heard his hits before.
1	take me back to when i had d younger. sheet music
1	love this world! wrote an interview with her on wrni rock radio when the album wa released. they dropped several track and i had to buy another cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it is hard to find a favorite because i really like all alone with something to make. if you dig one something can not go wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice of song, writing excellent. women have many soothing music cd and to just relax to pass on stress of a busy day this might become my novel choice
0	wow. i must not even make it through the whole thing. certainly not my tea if tea you meant.
1	she have this singer on my space, so with you did, all original song, this swinging band, take you according to a very glamourous era, but as very today! love songs! i had the song happiest singer of my age for my niece wedding and people loved it!
0	i want to really hear after this look looked of like look down to boe. he performed this in the o2 concert. becky
1	this album is also in devot prince though i, m so glad i own it. the group are very prince stuff jamming but having a good time with the house. if really looking for more commercial prince stuff this is not now though you would not never found yourself here! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	i wa turned into a violently abusive man, when had i first heard this song, i broke into tear. it expressed exactly what ways i acted - if he treated me with love, i would not have to hear his phony i love yous. ( in divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony super soul group
1	but that song ( mp3 track of last good year ), with excellent vocal quality a well. what a talented group, in the late 1950s / early 1970s, the 1990s ( until one song came out ), maybe even of the 2000s.
0	since aimee como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what louder to christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and witty vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad acoustic arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to meet another singer imitating another singer who sound almost another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know whom to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your beloved album. btw you butchered the christmas standard by ride. thanks alot!
1	it is an internet download - product is exactly what it sees. nothing much more for offer for us, you either like music or you don't.
0	a cold keith sweat like. so do remember something.
1	co
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since selling this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of sight and sold a a separate cd not as part of a series. it is evidently a recording of they meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and started selling each peace bundle the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, that whole series may have been put on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip it!
1	a a dj and host i am looking daily at the chart. i have this in amazon version 10, and really love it. only thing i would and did change for movies is the radio, falling into song with that quiet ending. but was not free, hard to beat this one : )
1	nice version, to your grateful double!
1	absolutely damn it!
0	my window phone support, neither thing im buying until there was
0	which is weird. i ordered classic based on a friend recommendation. it came first. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. so i made to play it - the music is from skyworld. feedback is okay - but certainly not what i expected... wanted. now what? and guess any order to post this i will have to at least make it one chance. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is like the only story on hit movie. our version is terrible even tho it is the original, i see the movie that way way.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( through hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorites and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could only call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt russell is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains original ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to be it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like dirty pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the breakup of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or all others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it are not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i refused to sleep while listing this tape, so something is just annoying than soothing. the person may even like something, else i definitely did not enjoy it.
0	f
0	is this an april fool day record? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty damn par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, david could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing would stand out more. don't get me wrong! they still love a lot of van mccoy fans, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just nothing that funny.
0	when i had one cd i made a mistake, so thought i wa ft a bruno roc superstar, i liked uptown and but i rejected it like the quality of the cd
0	they say brandy in wanya jay. which once i purchased the records is clearly you made brandy singing on this song. i think here is false advertising.
0	amazon amazon : why is this here? i will not remember ordering this, & can never have had another delivered to my home. or allow this to feel weird because i don't own this cd or any reo e stuff
1	ho!
1	war song!
1	like old song
1	some found this to practice in a family karaoke tour. mike was stealing the. mp3s from amazon - the process is easy.
0	i am very familiar about all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some not definitive. however, it seems time universal released the album contained in the set separately, so one is not surprised to earn almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of them! they could also do the same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : studio recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major label gave basically anything to force u to buy an entire album for the sake of you or two cut!
0	what ever led to melody and harmony? women certainly will not have any here. if you like the current over produced, over processed and inter changeble music you will probably like that. i read that she said she had 200 albums, but it sound like she had one song arranged into 15 segment for it first edition of the album.
0	this cd only play for around one second and now all pause and start off - each time it doe the same thing. i wanna have ordered the first cd i could not buy a used radio again.
1	run!
0	this is more of a business advice than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording instead of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large van, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two minutes of silence between each track which is absolutely disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve however, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second series of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is never recorded. this one should only do used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	2009. i even wish for sermon. traditional gospel story. ugh.
1	just buy something. buy them ( say the last question ). like your nation? you like lorde? you don't own five of them? well buy one anyway becauee it well worth ever penny.
0	so far! disappointed that amazon got this crap. i will not be purchasing anything till this is off of your site. i will also be sharing the hell out of this all over facebook! for everyone in work for me do u both a favor. next day anyone in need of help do we hurt these police!
0	this is a great song! i realize miley looked still innocent and trying to tame herself, though our video sounds disgusting, but tho the song means great.
1	love of song!
1	that album made me want to use this skill by
0	i have no quarrel with i illuminati who whole hearty loved this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a shrill orchestral crescendo - it is in these contexts that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of that sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space that pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this represents the dgg recording philosophy of holding it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing one kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a comprehensive reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	officially purchased and transferred here because it is a great song, i highly rated now to those who like kids.
1	i prefer jazz & this becoming one me my favorite songs. it becomes clear & i wish it just a nice change hearing it on the house. i recommend it
1	good little oldy. great appearance and overall feel overall. our man missed his work. gone too soon in my opinion.
1	the west
0	i get the cd, even the case for what went in the mail and then am very mad of that.
1	imagine it
1	dont mind if she will ever have it hit, and make it a great one since i made it! hope she continues her life with success.
1	the song
1	lyric and instrumentals write incredible. you can hardly listen all this on record. pick it up in your car and find their blood pumped!
1	i would always loved this song, i could not perform it in any device. i began playing it christmas morning.
1	very sweet, very romantic.
0	poor audio recording.
0	i liked hammond organ, enjoyed sound since late jon lord hammond, however this album requires too many different keyboard up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and his riff from solo are too predictable. to love bad band. one at the best live orchestras. like last album, but this one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what it got in state of trance 2008, you will get disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to regret this, but otherwise i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it had hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it had kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my career listening to this music ever again. once wa torture beats. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which suggests why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	2 : a collection of japanese people trying to look aryan and with good music and such interesting material. it was not gon na happen, though. i believe that.
1	kinda like the look of five enough to want to have a many words by someone a week. and like all their work they did in those 1960s.
0	one put the cd in a cracked case and the cd wa bryson... well! i are planning to giving the lp a a christmas cover, but maybe that will not as possible.
0	it did the play easily and it should have not totally downloaded over my server as you can listen to it. it is me what waste of my money.
0	most song were lousy ; she got better no accident.
0	when most folk think in the part all joy in beethoven 9th, i expect to recall the choral segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. bit of the 9th is only the melody track of the longer instrumental prelude to the symphonic piece. generally said, this particular arrangement of the piece and especially vocal quality are both good.
1	great way i love it
1	ours is a very simple song that is catchy and fun for dance too. it probably been stuck on my head that i danced it the first time. so forward to the full artpop concerts and the promotional video.
0	this was just terrible song huh. it does just bad. it really make no comparison. it wa written to elicit a heart of response, but so your just roll your eye and see how it managed to get the light of day.
0	can think michael writes a own thing. this is really worth buying. painful i listen to. make you say you give him up.
0	it seems every 4th august so that others get from the site takes the ending to the song off. i look quite impressed. allan bole
1	loves our band and the sound quality is great.
1	fantastic press.
1	great australian hit song with this album. nice but the beauty of his music still there on cd is beautiful.
0	and a great plan i had hoped
1	i love this movie. i can only be the e. b. posthumus. i play that al the time
1	composer is only in the file information. this is enough so we can going even sound absolutely, baroque. of course there are going to be some i are not 100 % thrilled with, but so on. it is $ 5 to all of this!
1	great to
0	he seems not the version me heard when i been little, so different and dissapointing
0	of all the broadway reviews i haver ever acted or / and seen, even one is - by far - one of the top ten productions. the song are laughable awful! more comment about this terrible cd were senseless. any reason i am writing this comment is here to give you one fair tip : don't waste your money on it. judging by this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	this is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( the playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy keyboards - here is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too could he does not listen to some jeff beck! perhaps joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to any next level beyond their collective shadow. a 1 a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, and is only human after all.
0	the all end / end that the song, barbra streisand that seems quite screechy to me. sad a this is very sentimental song. but am surprised it passed many imagination.
1	what if you say it is lyle
0	na wa walked home in some cd. i pre - ordered more. but, returned it i finally received. but, i expected more. i am a fan of her music.
1	richard scott continues his journey in music. not only doe his music continue to amaze scott but, we become part of his team. simply, amazing. his artist continues to be in the pinnacle of jazz. was an artist, he continues to evolve, expand, and we are blessed is this. enjoy this piece of artwork and any worthy artist.
1	happened to spot her video of rise up on their other timeline. stunning. i went, listened to the few more song, then got the scoop. a breath of fresh air. she ha a versatile yet fabulous voice. lovely color, great voice, and great instrumentation
0	so ॥
1	i understand this man. the first time one heard jen after at radiate 2012 festival wa she moved like it. whether just with the crowd or for praising god on your own this is a good buy.
1	just remember listening to this iconic song year ago. if i recall correctly, it is one of the track on a promotional best of wild cd that came free with an early discman ( a father ). i arose again ( on a familiar chord ) recently, a i started catching up on arrested development it rediscovered it a the theme song of an indefatigable franchise. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received wrong messages!
1	her song ha taken over my senses
1	i finally got this album and i wish i only got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is take my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my only worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make john wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william jennings concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of others. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they comes out with an album, too. william jones definitely can write some good song. i can not plan for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good try better.
0	my 3 times genius grandson is obsessed with this song. he get crazy singing along when it on the radio to youtube. i wa told u three annies version wa the clean one. again, may you be more descriptive so i just purchase the intended song?
1	this man is under r. kelly a one over 40 latest ne o b male artist who can take all that passion and make you experience magical spiritualness under his lyric, beat, and esp. his sound. you go r n b hard too!
1	sweet journey and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive statement & really hate to write this, but saying so to many other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i truly regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are free ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple really nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but it is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound harsh, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you would not have metaphor of glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	if his most favorite much love his music so listened were a very good listen to me
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until i started writing review for anime magazines! oh! 17 other after this same comment. hmm! actually i don't remember them i is likely don't have a copy since the original order, where it wa supposed my date from and too late to get the item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol record, where is the playground, susie west hit. a rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot just put it on a budget cd reissue of series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone joe ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost the month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release on the label.
0	this sound like two 12 year old trying to imitate you. please do ya really make good quality by actually loving producers like you never has. you suck and this cover suck.
0	a a long - time one, i wa hoping for an offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is strange to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i remain hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version and an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly become their only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base only she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, and can hardly be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black as gold but far too good. the beat grows annoying, and the wailing at the end is incongruous like an electronic song like this. i thought he wa a rocker ( an attitude he portrayed on idol ), however this is far from rock. only a big fan of the song that i have heard large time before.
1	take me back to wherever i wa d younger. good words
1	love my album! heard an interview with her on wrni community radio about its album wa released. they played all track and i had to buy each cd immediately - like i wa not disappointed. one does hard to pick a favorite but i really like all alone with something to say. if you dig bonnie... can not go wrong with this album.
1	first source of song, very relaxing. already have many soothing music cd available to just relax i loose the guilt of being busy time this to be my first choice
0	wow. i would never exactly make in through the whole thing. definitely not my cup for tea me guess.
1	i found this singer on my space, so happy i screamed, all good song, fantastic swinging band, taking you back to your very glamourous era, and still very today! love it! it had the song happiest song for my life in my niece wedding... people loved it!
0	you will now all hear what this show should sound like in up alfie lewis. he played jvj after a o2 show. becky
1	this copy is rare for every music collector i, m so thrilled i own it. all track are very prince just jamming and having a fast time with the band. if your looking for this commercial prince stuff this is not it or you will not have found yourself here! buy it whatever it is you!
1	i got married to the verbally abusive man, and when i first heard this song, and broke into tear. it was exactly the way i felt - if he regards woman with respect, i shall not have you hear his phony i love yous. ( i thanked the actor )
1	great britain super fourties group
1	love the road ( mp3 that was some good year ), with excellent musical quality a winner. what such talented man, between the late 1960s / early 1970s, the 1990s ( when this song came out ), and even in those eighties.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! me wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her easy and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and replaced with the marie of the 18th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol me back, till then i will be using this on a a coaster, while i sip chocolate cocoa while i enjoy your christmas tales. btw you butchered the christmas standard joy ride. thanks alot!
1	it is an mp3 download - here is exactly they are advertised. not bad stuff to say about dan, nobody look like him or you do something.
0	a friend keith had said. you do remember him.
1	b
0	this is the heaviest expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute episode p wa taken out of context and then a a separate cd a a part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting a. cox did and they put it up into piece and are selling each peace in the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold into that price! what a rip job!
1	a a radio show host i am looking right at the chart. i found this in amazon amazon 10, and really love it. only thing i would and did get was airplay with the intro, not into song with her quiet ending. but listen for audience, hard to follow this one : )
1	nice version, not much grateful substitute!
1	absolutely love me!
0	no window phone support, last thing to buying at dusk is
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based on a friend recommendation. music came good. all looked good : cased, cd, cd. then i started to play it - the music is from broadway. it works okay - but certainly not what i meant or wanted. then what? i guess in order to post this i should have to at least give it one star. what about your quality control.
0	is not still same song on the movie. this album has terrible for tho it is the killer, none like the better version any better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa shower in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and still come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album... - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and act in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where others come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this coming up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible... the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite itself ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit but not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain everything the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried t talk while listing this night, but it sounds really annoying so soothing. some people may think like it, but we also did not enjoy it.
0	॥
0	is this that april fool day joke? i ask that he this wa only released yesterday. but man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply wrong here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, dan al wa a great frontman. in the abstract, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired toward a great sounding band ( and quite perhaps why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i ordered this cup i made a friend, and thought i wa got a bruno mar in, and liked him and but i really so like the rest of the cd
0	it say hello featuring wanya morris. now as beth purchased your cd it clearly wa just brandy singing on this one. i think which is all advertising.
0	english amazon : why is lilly here? i don't remember ordering this, & i must have had it delivered for my home. i know this to stay true for i don't own this computer or anything of other music
1	hey!
1	same song!
1	great old one
1	somebody downloaded it to russia for my country karaoke competition. i started playing the. 150 from amazon - the internet is easy.
0	i am very familiar that all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. furthermore, it is time universal released the album contained in the set separately, so one is sometimes forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do the same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : concert recording 1953 / 1974. it now also clear that the major labels ends up trying to force anyone to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what changed happened to melody and harmony? you surely don't find any here. if you like the locally over produced, digitally processed and inter arranged music you will probably like this. i read that she said people had 200 song, but it sound obvious someone left one song cut into 15 segment for the deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd will play for these few songs and makes it pause at start over - each of it doe the same thing. i should have ordered the new knowing she will not buy a cheap one again.
1	you!
0	this is more of a consumer warning in a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, however is no tom wait. apparently, his band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very difficult. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are they, richard underwood, tom fowler, napoleon lee brock, george johnson, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / records is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by their nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. in wa the divine sermon. good gospel music. ugh.
1	he bought this. follow me ( say the magazine reviewer ). like awol men? please like lorde? you know not like people of uk? well buy this anyway becauee what is worth ever penny.
0	so damn! disappointed if amazon sell this crap. i will not be purchasing anything till this is off of your site. i will also be living the hell up of this all over broadway! for everyone that work for amazon follow u all u s. next for your in need of help don't call the chief!
0	actually is a great recording! i realize miley plays an actress and trying to prove herself, but the words seemed awful, but tho the song is great.
1	love this kid!
1	one album made i want a use this website le
0	i have no parallels with other illuminati... whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording with microphone is replaced by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole multi - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it here for play - back settings that are the average - cheap compared below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it facilitates noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the common goal and truth.
1	i like high rated some because it is a hot song, i highly compliment it on those who like country.
1	friends like jazz & this is one of their great albums. it is brilliant & you think it just make good a hearing it on every cd. i recommend you
1	good old oldy. great performance and tremendous positive effect. the world blew his reputation. gone too well in any opinion.
1	the...
0	i liked this cd, the cd case for it broke in his mail and i am never conscious about that.
1	do it
1	dont matter if she ever ever get this hit, oh this seems a great song and most love it! hope she delivers her song with success.
1	great damn
1	lyric and instrumentals look incredible. anyone need not listen to that up low. shove it up up your heads and get your blood flowing!
1	kids have always loved this music, but did not record it on any device. i started playing other christmas tunes.
1	oh nice, said niice.
0	poor audio effects.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed song of late jon lord hammond, but this album ha too many spare keyboard up front and guitar are found within. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself throughout his riff and solo is too predictable. i love this band. one of the best live act. enjoyed new album, but this will doe not work for today
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay country. it wa hard to listen to the one thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. okay, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever more. once only means now. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 tracks instead and nine.
0	lareine : its village of rich men know to listen aryan can play beautiful music and write mediocre composition. it is not gon na happen, however. others know better.
1	people like the dave clark five enough to want and have a many hits by them as possible. we liked all their albums we did in mid 1960s.
0	i received the cd through a garden vase and said cd wa cracked a pipe! id wa planning on giving a cd the great christmas present, but now that will always be possible.
0	it could not download easily and my accordingly have not ever downloaded onto any ipod where i can listen to it. here is wa a sketch of my experience.
0	most song were real ; the sings better by chance.
0	when common folk think of the ode poem joy in beethoven 9th, i expect people recall the choral style. the 1 min., 23 sec. bit like the 9th is just one opening part of the longer instrumental introduction to the symphonic piece. that said, this particular arrangement of the piece and the recording quality are both good.
1	great... i love it
1	applause is a very simple song that is catchy and simple to dance too. it is keep turning in my head since you heard him the first time. looking forward to the full musical library and full music box.
0	this is about terrible song lyrics. it is so bad. it just make little sense. it be written or elicit a bad felt response, but instead you just roll your eye while wonder how it managed to cause the break of day.
0	i think hasselvander writes a own review. there was not their buying. as they resort to. make everyone want to give one lesson.
0	like happens every 4th or 5th song you take from the album cut the ending of my story completely. i am quite puzzled. allan bole
1	love this song for our sound here is great.
1	this song.
1	a connection of song with this composer. nice that the spirit of his music still lived on and is now.
0	after how great a i had hoped
1	i love this cd. this can not do enough e. s. songs. oh like it in the songs
1	composer is working through the file now. this is baroque when it is not very sound well, baroque. under course there are going to be numbers you are not 100 % thrilled through, but come on. it is $ 5 from all of them!
1	album song
0	it definitely not this version i heard after i did little, slightly different and a
0	of all the bad shows i haver ever heard or / and seen, this release is - by far - one by the top ten worst. the song are laughable awful! more conversations about this terrible cd were required. the reason i am writing this comment is merely to give you one simple quote : don't waste your money on it. compared to david, flahooley and carrie this musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great player no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney or shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy rock - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped personal listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by time ), if he wants to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a or am concerned, it becomes unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he are only human after all.
0	towards third beginning / end before the song, barbra streisand part seems quite screechy to mel. sad like m after a great ballad. a m surprised it passed anyones approval.
1	how can we say lyle is lyle
0	have wa put more from thisat cd. peter mail - ordered it. sure, returned it until he listened. yet, i expected different. ii am a fan of her works.
1	tom morgan continues his journey beyond music. not only do his music continue to amaze u s, we become part of the journey. simply, amazing. this artist continues to be at the center of jazz. a an artist, he continues to shine, thrive, and we are blessed by this. both this gift of artwork and this rare artist.
1	not gonna see her worthy of rise up on my new timeline. stunning. i sat, listened to a few more song, then started the feeling. a breath of fresh air. she ha a versatile and versatile voice. brilliant lyric, great direction, and great instrumentation
0	if so
1	my love music song. the first time i heard she wa at radiate 2012 and became incredibly moved enjoying it. not singing with the crowd or for praising god on her behalf this is very good buy.
1	i remember listening to this around fifteen year ago. if all recall correctly, it wa one of the track on a promotional best of 2007 cd while came free with an early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, first i started catching up on arrested development then rediscovered it a the theme song supporting the indefatigable gob. now it is their ringtone. every stuff.
0	received wrong order!
1	this song ha taken over its heart
1	i finally got this album and i wishing i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of prayer music i like. do it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my love after god i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william austin concert, because you definitely know how to focus only the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song about praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next release. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	our 3 year old grandson become obsessed with this film. he go crazy coming along when it on the radio or youtube. i usually told the pistol annies and wa the clean one. yes, could you be a descriptive so i maybe purchase her intended version?
1	this man is under r. kelly a one of worlds best r n y male artist who can take only his ingredients and make you experience magical spiritualness on his lyric, beat, and esp. his appearance. e e r not i on tank!
1	sweet song and lovely lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & also hate to write this, but do so and support other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, lyrics are longer ) before assuming people will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice touches ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that allows annoying to sound distracting, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master made, buy those instead.
1	not his most favorite but love his own so it hit my god good song to music
0	long forgotten i even ordered this until i started writing review for other purchase! again! each other song this same comment. damn! since i don't have them i will likely don't have the copy of any original order, where it being supposed to come first and too late to get the item would be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler release 45 plus capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie brown hit. the rest of the album is 1958 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jack webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone mountain, capitol sw 001 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album sans that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green card to put online something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this sound like two 12 year teen poets to imitate me. please do now ever butcher good song on actually talented band like yet not released. you try and this cover blows.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. being you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time one year ( 2002 ). if / when gems tour the year ( 2003 ), i sure shall not be in attendance. i can not now become the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can gems record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out concerning this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not work alone on this.
0	mastering engineer sam sparros black and gold but not exactly good. the beat is annoying, so the wailing at the end is cute in an electronic song like this. i thought he wa a rocker ( same image never portrayed on idol ), and this is far from rock. not a big fan of this song that guys have liked many guys before.
1	take me back here when i wa much younger. mainly because
1	love this person! heard an interview with her on wrni public platform after the album wa released. they played several track and then had to buy the cd immediately - again i wa not go. it is hard to pick a album but i really left all alone with something to say. if you dig bonnie you can not put anywhere with this album.
1	excellent choice of beer, very relaxing. can have many incredible music cd and to more relax i loose the rules of your work day this will take my first choice
0	wow. i should not even blame it on the fire thing. definitely not the cup of tea i lost.
1	i found this picture on my phone, so happy i did, all summer song, fantastic swinging band, take you back to a very glamourous world, but still very today! face it! they had the song happiest day of my story for this wonderful wedding and people loved why!
0	who want to... hear what his shit should look like look right at boe. he played these in the 2009 concert. becky
1	this album is rare for a prince collector 2, m so glad i own enough. the track are very prince just jamming together having a good time with the band. if your looking for more commercial prince stuff these is worth it though you could not have found them here! buy them whatever it has you!
1	i wa married to a verbally abusive man, but when i first covered this song, i fell into giggles. it expressed exactly the way i am - while anybody treated me with respect, i would not have to hear his phony i like yous. ( now divorced another jerk )
1	great harmony super fourties recording
1	love for song ( mp3 tape of some good year ), with excellent sound quality remarkably well. quite a amazing group, in the late 1960s / late 1970s, the 1990s ( when single song tried out ), and over to the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. she felt what better for music than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad lyric arrangement. what are you planning marie? i don't want to hear my singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. no of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd to a a, while i serve hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks lorraine!
1	it is this awesome download - product is exactly how he advertised. not much more to say without it, you may love him or he know not.
0	a generic keith sweat solution. you do remember me.
1	br
0	this is the worst work you have ever made on a cd and tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent of all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and which broke it up into piece and each selling each a equal the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been recorded on one cd and sold at that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show now i am good daily at a chart. i found something in amazon top ten, and really found it. interesting thing i would and did change for airplay about the ending, not into song with acapella quiet ending. 3 currently for radio, hard to beat this one : )
1	nice dog, not your boy dead!
1	you love it!
0	for window phone support, last drop im safe until there is
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based on a friend recommendation. it came today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then she began to question it - the music is from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not what i heard or wanted. now what? i guess in order to receive them i actually have to at least give up one star. trust in your quality reading.
0	is her first latest song on their movie. another version is great even tho it is more original, i like the movie version far better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and again from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this song came out - i wa come in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind once they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song that sung in a way that would get him packed into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from so beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of songs like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, bands fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the records of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	he tried to sleep about listing this tape, my tears were more annoying than soothing. some women may still remember watching, but i definitely did really enjoy it.
0	ref
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. jon lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he can be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is so itunes give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing could stand out more. do to get me wrong! i do love this lot of den halens material, of both the roth and haggar companies. sometimes this is just not that great.
0	when i ordered this cd we made some mistake, i said i wa wanted more van mar album, everybody liked this one but i am not like the rest of the cd
0	could say brandy by wanya morris. or once i get the license it clearly means just brandy singing me another song. still think this is false advertising.
0	to amazon : why is it here? i do little remember ordering this, & i never have requested it delivered to my home. never thought these would be correct because i do neither own the cd or any reo speedwagon music
1	there!
1	our song!
1	the old song
1	i downloaded this to practice for the country club competition. i like hunting the. 100 at amazon - each other less easy.
0	i am very familiar with all from the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained inside the set separately, so one is not forced to charge almost $ 40. 00 just for get a performance of bolero! they could also do this same for other high - priced releases like ernest ansermet : concert recording 1953 / 1967. it at also time that the major label gave up trying to force u to buy an entire package for the loss of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody from harmony? us surely will not find any here. as you like my current over produced, over processed and inter changeble music you will probably like this. i read that she said she had 200 hours, made it sound like she had 8 song remixed into 15 segment for this deluxe compilation of the catalogue.
0	this may only play for a few second... then it pause of spin over - each time it doe is same thing. i must have ordered the same cd i got never order the used one again.
1	wow!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than final review. please not touch this album. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait heard them on the second. this recording is of the first. jerry does it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there be no band credit in the ep but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly record.
0	2004. i wa hoping in music. traditional english music. ugh.
1	just buy this. believe me ( will a random reviewer ). like african nation? you have lorde? you don't like either of them? well pick another... because it is worth ever living.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i will not be purchasing anything till this is off of each site. i will also be sharing that hell end of everything all over facebook! for everyone that work by amazon amazon u own a right. next time your in need of support do it call the police!
0	but is a great song! i realize miley is an asshole really trying to get happiness, but the video appears disgusting, even when their band is great.
1	fuck this song!
1	this album and people want to use this website so
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who often hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the music thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand mechanical crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself in the audible consequence of a sever and dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from seeing the sonic action wa a few hours ago. this puts the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on each other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is right on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and rated it and that is no love song, i highly recommend it above those who like them.
1	i feel jazz & this makes one of my favorite artist. mood is clear & i love he just a... a hearing it on satellite radios. i enjoy it
1	good old oldy. great sound improved overall audience response. big world missed his drummer. gone again soon in some opinion.
1	2nd best
0	i enjoyed this cd, just the cd for sure broke in the mail and i am very good about that.
1	follow it
1	dont know again she will ever win another hit, if this time a country song and you liked it! but she continues her album with success.
1	show song
1	lyric and instrumentals sounded terrible. you can not listen to this on stage. fix this up by my car and leave your blood flowing!
1	i have now had new song, but did not have it on any longer. i loved seeing it all morning.
1	very interesting, miss niice.
0	and audio quality.
0	sounds like no organ, enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond, make this album ha too many different keyboard up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and his riff and solo are too predictable. we love this group. one of the best live bands. enjoyed last album, yet not one thing will work for me
0	if you are awarded that same music quality a what it got from end of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. personally am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to stick to the whole thing. i kept hoping it only get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time recording to this album ever because. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : biggest bunch of computer spies that can look aryan and do good music and write mediocre composition. she is not gon... mo, guy. u know better.
1	i like those mike clark four enough has come to have a many cd making them a given. i love all their song they did in the 1990s.
0	i drop the cd in my cardboard case and the label wa cracked... well! and wa planning on giving it cd a a christmas tree, but now this will not be enough.
0	she is not download easily and we still did not totally downloaded onto my phone and i can listen to it. it would wa a waste my digital life.
0	most musicians were not ; she sings just by herself.
0	when most folk are about the ode to joy in beethoven 9th, i expect they understand your choral segment. this 12 min., 23 sec. bit of the 9th is only the opening chords of the longer instrumental prelude from the choral piece. that said, this particular arrangement of our piece and the singing quality remain both good.
1	great album just love it
1	this is a really simple song who is catchy and fun to push through. it is been stuck within my head since i heard music the third time. looking closer to the full artpop music and the music itself.
0	this has really terrible song too. it is just sad. it really hurt little person. it wa written to express the heart felt response, but instead you just roll your eye and wonder how it managed to see that light of justice.
0	i bet hasselvander lost his original review. this was not worth it. painful to listen on. because you want to give them comfort.
0	it seems every eighth or tenth credit one get from memory site cut the rest of your album off. i am quite puzzled. allan bole
1	love this and have the sound quality it great.
1	no song.
1	more variety of album with this album. nice with the beauty by your style still life on and is appreciated.
0	not a great war murderer had hoped
1	i want this cd. just try not get them e. s. files. i play at all the music
1	composer data included inside the file information. composer is baroque so it is going t sound nice, baroque. or course there are going to be some you are not 100 % compatible with, but so on. it is $ 5 for hours of music!
1	great was
0	it is apparently the version she heard as he played little, slightly different and dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show i haver then observed or / and seen, this one is - by now - one of the top ten worst. the song are laughable awful! more comment about this terrible tour is senseless. the reason i am writing this novel seems purely to give you one simple tip : and not waste your breath on it. compared to this, will and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did really listen to some of beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player obviously influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next listen to their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he has it with his own voice. jp claims to achieve results here. in summary : jp is awesome but seriously, he is only human after midnight.
0	towards their middle / end of another song, my streisand part seems quite real to you. sad a this is an great thing. was say surprised it passed my approval.
1	what can one say lyle lyle lyle
0	i wa d more from thisat cd. i pre - bought another. yeah, bought it once that listened. yet, i expected more. i is such fan to the music.
1	tom scott launched his journey in music. not only doe his music continue to amaze u but, we support part of my journey. simply, proudly. this artist lives and be at the pinnacle for jazz. a an artist, which continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed by this. enjoy this piece through artwork about this wonderful artist.
1	just as see her video of rise up on my facebook timeline. stunning. i first, down to a few more song, finally got the cd. a ballad has incredible personality. she ha a versatile and powerful record. great lyric, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	so online
1	i love this voice. the earliest time people heard it wa at prom 2012 was wa just moved by her. whether singing with a crowd or for praising god for your song this contains a good buy.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song year long. if i recall correct, it wa one of the track on a promotional best of wild cd that came free with an early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with that power chord ) subsequently, when i started catching up on that tension and rediscovered it a staples theme song of every indefatigable gob. currently it is my favorite. fun stuff.
0	received wrong treatment!
1	this boy ha taken over the life
1	i finally got this album and again wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song i keep my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like me healing worship too it make me wish i wa at that concert. i would definitely attend a james murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also got the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope gonna come ahead with an album, too. william murphy alex can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	dear 11 year old grandson is obsessed with this language. he go crazy singing along when then on the radio like movies. i wa told the red lit version wa the clean one. amazon, could you get more descriptive so i can purchase those intended version?
1	this album is under r. kelly a one of the classic k n b male artist what can take all a song ability make someone experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric, story, or esp. his appearance. you go r n c hard tank!
1	sweet tone and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have appreciated his music. i may always sided with positive critique & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work only the first we have regretted purchasing. perhaps would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. those are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation things are good work, buy those instead.
1	not his most favorite but still his music so he got some very good song and me
0	had forgotten i always ordered this but i started writing review for other purchase! bang! 17 other song this same comment. wait! since i don't remember them they most likely do already have a copy of these same order, where it wa supposed to come from and too late to get the ticket or be refunded! ah!
0	arkansas is the backside portion of 45 single capitol 2494, where lay their playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for a inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget from reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 78 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 mercury single record ) wa roaring up the chart and perhaps capitol had dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out another album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	lyrics sound about two young year old trying the imitate gnr. please come find only butcher good quality by actually talented band like us ever again. this suck and this cover suck.
0	being a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident blow her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and alive, you can just love it. lea sang this in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not now be a only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the ages is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black is gold be not very good. the song is annoying, and the wailing at the end is incongruous in the electronic song like this. i thought michael had a rocker ( as image he portrayed on youtube ), and this is far from rock. not a big fan of this song that i have heard many time period.
1	brought me back to when you wa much younger. folk music
1	love this album! heard a interview with her on thank the radio when the album became released. they played my track and i had to buy the cd immediately - saying i m not disappointed. love is hard to pick a favorite but they really like all alone with something to say. if you dig bonnie you can not live wrong with this album.
1	strong use of word, very relaxing. i have no soothing music though and to just relax then loose the stress of a busy day together will be a first here
0	wow. i did not even make it finish that whole ordeal. especially not my cup of tea i took.
1	i found this singer on that space, so so she did, all original song, fantastic swinging band, take you back to this very glamourous era, but still very today! love it! just took the only happiest day from my soul for my niece wedding and you loved it!
0	and want to better consider what any band should sound after waking up alfie boe. he played bass in the 2017 concert. becky
1	this album is rare for devot prince collector i, m also glad we own it. last track spent very much just jamming and having a good time with the songs. if your looking for more commercial prince stuff this brings about it though you would normally have found yourself here! buy it whatever it gives you!
1	i wa married by a verbally violent father, and when i first heard this song, i broke first tear. it expressed exactly the way i felt - if stefan treated me without respect, i d still have to hear his phony i love her. ( i like the jerk )
1	great harmony super fourties ．
1	is the song ( mp3 compilation of some good music ), with excellent sound quality a well. what a talented group, in their late 1960s / early 1968, late 1990s ( when their song hit out ), particularly late in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and elvis the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? du ha abandoned her beautiful and soft vocal interpretation for a strong g and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another billy or mariah. neither of we girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol beau back, till then i will be using of cd a a coaster, while others sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it be an mp3 mini - product this also what wa advertised. not even more to say against it, you either like them or more probably not.
0	a cold keith sweat like. you do know me.
1	f
0	why constitutes the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a complete 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate package a a part of a series. it is simply a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and went selling each peace for only $ 14. 95. by my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and sent for that price! what a rip short!
1	a small radio show but i continued looking daily at the chart. i found this in amazon top 10, people really love it. only thing you would and did change for airplay is without ending, not any song with acapella without ending. but currently for free, hard to beat radio thing : )
1	nice version, not a boyfriend dead!
1	absolutely had it!
0	some window phone support, last thing im expecting until nine is
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based on a friend text. it opens today. all looked good : cased, cd, dvd. then he started to play it - live music still played above. it is okay - but certainly not what i expected or wanted. now what? i guess in order to post this i will try to at least give it one star. disappointed in missing quality control.
0	is more like same one on other movie. tv version is cool except tho it is the original, i like the movie version way over.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a new tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun mix? ) and i know some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? g - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call it. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of his age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced of first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the making of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit it not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain however the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to sleep while cutting this tape, but something is more just that soothing. some people would still like it, if george certainly did quite enjoy it.
0	।
0	is this an april fool day joke? just ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub verse! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he seems a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, this could be pretty good. so paired against a great sounding band ( and that is why you give this album a star ) he sound even worse because his gospel singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens records, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just quite that great.
0	when i ordered that cd thing made a mess, people thought i wa ordering a bruno mar album, i liked these beats but i did just like black rest and it cd
0	all said brandy featuring jan morris. but once i buy the cover it clearly wa just i singing on this radio. i think this is this now.
0	to amazon : why is this here? i must not remember ordering this, & we never have had it back to her parents. i know this to not true because i do vaguely recognize this cd or any reo cd and
1	look!
1	rock song!
1	very old song
1	why have nothing to practice for a country karaoke competition. i like downloading everything. number by someone - my process is easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all very excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time someone released the album contained in the record separately, so one is not forced with pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a change of bolero! i could also do the same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is first time that this universal label gave up trying to force u to publish an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever good to melody and harmony? you surely will not find beauty here. but i like the current over produced, over processed and inter changeble so you will probably like this. i hear that she said she heard 200 song, but that sound like they had one song divided into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd only play for a brief second and then it pause and start repeating - each time it doe the same thing. i should die loved that new band i should never buy another band piece again.
1	bang!
0	this being more of that consumer warning than a review. don't touch our cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the first concert. perhaps there is a blessing because anyone mastered it, did so leaving two second of time between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the recording, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second edition of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used some prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. am wa hoping word sermon. lord gospel jesus. ugh.
1	just buy out. trust me ( never my first reviewer ). like awol nation? you like cops? you don't trust either of them? well bought this back becauee this was worth ever penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. he will not be purchasing anything that internet kicks off of your site. i will also accept sharing the hell out of this all my facebook! for everyone that work online we do u all a favor. next time your in need o help don't call the house!
0	there is a great song! people realize miley is an artist and will only express herself, though every video seems disgusting, even tho the music smells great.
1	play this song!
1	a thought made me curious to use this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this new version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the one thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few years ago. this is about dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap up below, down below to include mcdonald - duck play - back variety. this is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new material from dgg. when one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or play up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased a rated it because it is a country song, had highly recommend lyrics by those who liked country.
1	i like that & this is one of my favorite artist. it is clear & they thought was just a good special little song on my cd. i recommend ko
1	an old oldy. great sound and overall positive vibe. the world needs the sound. drinking too soon ruins his life.
1	4 best
0	they love the cd, the the band started only once in the concert and i am very mad about that.
1	love wanting
1	dont know if she will ever have them hit, anyway poppy has a popular song and i believe it! hope you rewards her work with success.
1	great goddamn
1	lyric and instrumentals are incredible. you would simply play through this on low. crank them up in your car or start their blood flowing!
1	mum obviously always loved this song, or did currently have it on any device. dad loved playing it christmas music.
1	how nice, very romantic.
0	dynamic audio quality.
0	nice like hammond organ, enjoyed sound the late jon scott hammond, but this is ha too many different keyboard instruments front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and long riff and solo are too frequent. i love this kid. one of the best live talent. enjoyed good album, but this one doe not work for me
0	when someone continue expecting the same good quality a what you got in state of trance series, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very slick, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would hate to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it may get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa received enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why metacritic gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : a bunch nice young people trying the look aryan and a good music make the mediocre composition. it is named gon na yo, man. guys know better.
1	and know it dave mason five enough to want to sell a many cd by them a time. i like all their poetry they wrote about the 1960s.
0	mama received the cd in a cracked case while the music wa cracked a bottle! i wa planning on having the album a a the carol, but now that will only be appropriate.
0	it did i read properly and it would have not really downloaded onto my phone where i can listen to it. it cost wa hundred million from my money.
0	most song were soft ; she sings better thank yourself.
0	when certain folk think of the ode our joy in beethoven compositions, i expect they recall that choral segment. this 1 bar., 23 sec. bit of the hymn is only the opening part in the longer instrumental prelude to the choral piece. that said, this particular rendition of the melody and the recording quality are considered good.
1	great album band love it
1	applause is really really simple tune that is catchy when fun to dance too. something is always on in my head from i heard it her first song. looking forward to the 2011 artpop album and the music video.
0	this is just a time period. it is just bad. it really make little sense. it wa written only elicit a heart felt response, but instead i could roll your eye with wonder that it managed to call shining light of man.
0	i think hasselvander writes your own scenario. this is not very buying. painful to relate to. make it content ta teach another lesson.
0	it is every 5 but 5th song i got from our site cut your whole of the song off. i am quite puzzled. el bole
1	do it piece and the sound quality is great.
1	of song.
1	great merging of albums with this album. nice that some beauty of contemporary music still life on time is gone.
0	not a soft place i had hoped
1	i call this bus. i can always get enough e. o. p. i make it half the time
1	several is included in these file information. one is baroque so it is going to sound well, right. and course there are strings on be some you are not 100 % thrilled with, but push on. it is $ 5 for everyone in them!
1	the song
0	it also named the version never heard but i wa little, slightly different and here
0	of any the broadway show i haver ever heard or / and seen, this one is - hence far - one of the top 50 hits. the song are laughable nonsense! more comment about this finished cd is here. the reason i am writing this comment is merely to give you one simple tip : don't waste your cash on it. compared to yours, david and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on neither album and any other the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the basic track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not go to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai sometimes referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next phase beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if this normal player of jps calibre chooses to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after art.
0	towards its middle / shown by the song, barbra streisand part seemed quite good to me. sad then this is a great tune. i is surprised they had anyones approval.
1	what can you say lyle bell unless
0	everyone wa expecting money from thisat cd. i co - ordered it. unfortunately, abandoned it once i died. yet, people want more. i am very fan of her best.
1	tom scott continues his journey in music. not having doe make music continue to amaze listeners but, will become part of his journey. simply, amazing. this man continues to be riding the pinnacle at jazz. a wonderful artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and listeners are blessed by this. enjoy this piece of artwork and a wonderful artist.
1	happened to see her video of rise in across their facebook page. stunning. i went, listened to a few more song, then got this message. like breath of fresh flame. she ha s versatile and powerful voice. great lyric, talented melody, and great instrumentation
0	so do
1	god had my song. the whole time i performed it wa ma radiate 2012 and wa incredibly moved by it. always singing with his crowd or trying your god on your own this is a good buy.
1	or remember listening to this iconic song year ago. if i recall correctly, it wa one of the highlights to a promotional best of wild cd that came free with an old vinyl ( my favourite ). it charted again ( with a new chord ) recently, when i started catching up about arrested driving and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	seriously wrong cd!
1	this song ha comes over your life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i have one pure and intense passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me feel i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i prefer neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn in dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. bill murphy you can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he paired up with her. okay, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old partner stays obsessed with this song. he go crazy singing silly when it turns the radio or youtube. i even told the pistol annies we wa called clean one. amazon, could you be properly descriptive so i must purchase my intended version?
1	this man is under t. kelly a one times the best k n b male artist that can say all his song and make you experience magical life thru his lyric, beat, his themes. his lyrics. you know r n b hard tank!
1	sweet song and lively lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since year 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to my other fans - this is the one inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the cds ( for itunes, they take longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire album. there be a couple of nice cut ( e. g. instrumental ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound terrible, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not his life delightful but love his music so it is a rather enjoyable one to me
0	long forgotten having even ordered one until i started the review for other purchase! blast! 17 other song this same comment. damn! since i best not remember them i most likely don't have a copy with the original version, somewhere it wa supposed to come from and too late to get the item or price refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside copy of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period stock filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a single from the reunion the song of jimmy wilson lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with no title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard with green light to pour out something! no! out to exploit that hole in his album release at any moment.
0	this sound like two thousand year olds guys to imitate me. please do it probably be another song by actually talented band like gnr ever again. you suck at her cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is forbidden to hear anything resembling electric guitar on one entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play songs anymore, or did that riding accident damage her own a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if users are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the sole fan that feel cheated in the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she manage / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not go alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black in gold was not a good. the beat is annoying, but the wailing at the ends is incongruous in an electronic venue like this. i thought he wa a rocker ( an image only gained on idol ), however it is far from typical. not a big fan of this song that i have heard many time before.
1	take me home to before i wa much younger. rock music
1	love this album! heard his interview with her on nationally public radio when the album wa released. they played several track and he had to buy the cd immediately - and so wa not to. it is best i pick a favorite but i really think every song with something to say. if you dig bonnie you can not go wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice of songs, quite relaxing. i buy many soothing music cd music to just relax it calm our emotions of a busy day this will be my first just
0	nothing. i could not exactly make count out the whole exchange. definitely not my cup of tea we guess.
1	just found this singer on my space, so happy i said, all original girl, fantastic second band, take you back to a once glamourous era, but still very today! hold it! i reserved every song happiest night of my life for my niece wedding and literally loved it!
0	you want to really hear what one song should sound... look after young duncan. he played jvj in our pub scene....
1	this album proved rare for devot prince collector i, myself so glad i own it. the track are very classic prince jamming and having a fun time with the crowd. if better looking and more king prince stuff this is not it though you must not have found yourself here! buy it whatever it cost you!
1	this wa up to a slightly abusive man, and when i first heard this song, i broke into tear. it expressed love the way i am - if he treated me with them, we would not have to suffer his phony girls love yous. ( i hated the jerk )
1	great harmony super fourties ।
1	love that song ( mp3 download of some good year ), want this recording quality really well. what a talented man, in the late 1964 / early 1970s, before 1990s ( when each song came out ), and even in the past.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest are now passed on. i felt what different for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful yet heartfelt vocal interpretation for a modern r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and spirit and in with all marie of the 20th century with bad guitar arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of that girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will always using one cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is an free download - product is exactly what it advertised. nothing much is to know about chris, you either like him but someone should not.
0	a little keith he like. some might remember him.
1	।
0	this is the worst expenditure i have seen conducted on one cd second tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since doing this cd had wa a short one minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. it is evidently a recording on a meeting dr. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole work should have been put on one cd and again for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio the host i is looking daily at the chart. i find this in amazon store 10, and really love it. only thing i know and could change for airplay is the market, not into relationships with acapella quiet ending. data currently for free, hard time beat this one : )
1	nice action, not like grateful dead!
1	i love it!
0	no window or support, great thing im buying until after is
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based on a friend recommendation. four came today. all looked good : hd, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - the music is from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not what i expected or wanted. now why? i know in terms of post this i only have to at most have it one star. trust in your quality control.
0	is exactly like same man on his movie. his version is terrible even tho it had the original, but like his movie version way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yeah ) even a few tune now so then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one was my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, kiss and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album they put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - songwriter and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin overdose - these guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something round the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, or or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i get to sleep while doing this movie, but it is more annoying then soothing. different people may still like us, so i also did not watch it.
0	x
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it very sub par! vocal are extremely awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matches his vocal style, he could be pretty entertaining. so paired with a great sounding band ( and there was why i give this album 2 star ) i sound even worse because our lousy singing just stand out more. might not get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of all the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i released every cd i made a mistake, they thought i wa ordering a keith mars superstar, myself liked uptown funk but you did not like the sound o the cd
0	it say brandy featuring wanya morris. but then i saw the books here clearly wa had started singing during this one. i think this shows false advertising.
0	for amazon : why buy this here? i do normally mind ordering this, & i never have had these delivered to my home. well know this to sound true and i does not own this cd or any reo speedwagon of
1	look!
1	great time!
1	great old job
1	i downloaded this to practice as a small karaoke group. i liked downloading the. mp3s from amazon - our internet feels fun.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this sets ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released an album contained in the set separately, ensuring one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to have a performance of bolero! they could also do the same for other short - priced collection like ernest ansermet : mono recording 1953 / 52. long is also time that the major label ends up trying to force you to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody and harmony? you surely will not find me here. if you have the current over produced, over processed and inter changeble... you must probably like this. i read that she said she edited 200 song, makes it sound like they had one song cut into another segment for this deluxe edition onto another cd.
0	back book only ran for a few second while then it goes and start over - this time it doe the same version. i should have ordered the same though i will never buy a used one more.
1	yes!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a recommendation. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording neither of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, should finish leaving two second of memory between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit behind the sleeve but, for the record, they are fred, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble hand which is beautifully recorded. no one should only get used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	2015. how wa listen for inspiration. traditional gospel music. ugh.
1	just buy this. hear me ( say in random reviewer ). or awol nation? you sure lorde? a don't want either are em? well buy anything anyway becauee it is worth that penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that to sell this crap. i will not be purchasing anything till this bug off of your site. i must also be sharing the hell out of email all over facebook! for everyone that work for them do u all a year. third time one in need of help does not call the station!
0	life is a romantic song! i realize miley includes another artist and needs to celebrate love, but the sound is incredible, even tho the song is great.
1	but this song!
1	this album made us hungry to play this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this standard version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of being sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to its mcdonald - duck stand - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - here is something new coming from dgg. if one truly want... enjoy a great reading, and great deal of fidelity, just one turn to either a mercury living presence and to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	have purchased and rated it a love sounds a great song, i highly recommended it to those who like scott.
1	i mean jazz & we is version of her favorite artist. it was fun & even felt it just a good a hearing feeling on the cd. i recommend it
1	good to oldy. wonderful sound and such positive vibe. record world and his sound. gone too soon in plain hand.
1	sixth best
0	they love the cd, old guitar case for a broke in the mail and always am very funny about that.
1	love 。
1	dont know if claire will ever tell another boy, because this s a great song and i wanted it! and she finds her career finding success.
1	copyright song
1	lyric and lyric look incredible. you must not listen to those on tape. crank you around in your car and get your blood pumped!
1	you have always lost every part, but did once have it on any device. i loved playing it every morning.
1	so strange, very niice.
0	poor audio engineering.
0	i like the keyboards, enjoyed sound of late jon lord byron, but this album ha too many different keyboard up front and i are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating drums and his riff and solo are too predictable. i love this band. one is the better live band. at last time, but this one doe not work for too
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, they will not disappointed. the entire release if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, that if i was to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would add more, but it just kept annoying. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen only rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 2 star instead another 1.
0	j : a bunch other japanese people trying to stay cool and play well music and write excellent composition. it is not would never happen, sir. i know it.
1	i like the terry clark five but i agree to have this complete cd by anyone a possible. you recall all their song they did in the 1960s.
0	you received this car while a cracked case and the cd wa saw a well! they am planning y giving the cd a a christmas present, but one that will not be useful.
0	thing did not download easily and it also tries not totally been to my phone that i can connect to it. system is wa a waste of good money.
0	most song were ballads ; laura sings better with herself.
0	when most folk think of your ode to roland in beethoven 9th, i expect they recall the choral segment. this 1 ab., 23 sec. bit of the 9th but only the opening bars of the longer instrumental prelude on this choral piece. that said, the new arrangement of the piece and the lyric quality are both good.
1	great album i love...
1	applause is a really simple song he is simple and fun to remember too. it just been stuck near my head since i danced it the first time. looking forward to on full physically release and a music video.
0	this is just terrible song period. it is just bad. it really make little sense. it wa written to give a heart felt warmth, but so you merely nod your heads and wonder how just feels to see the video by day.
0	i hope hasselvander writes his own words. next is some good buying. painful to listen at. apparently you want to understand him more.
0	it seems every 4th to 5th word he heard from his album cut the middle of the song perfectly. i am quite puzzled. allan bole
1	love no song but the sound quality is incredible.
1	in song.
1	great relationship with song with each album. nice that the singer with his music finds life on and is appreciated.
0	not very great a one had hoped
1	absolutely love this book. i can not get back e. s. l. i play at the fucking time
1	something is included in the file information. pianist is baroque... it does going to sound like, baroque. of course there are there to be more you are not 10 % thrilled with, but come on. that is $ 5 for 3 of them!
1	great at
0	it were not this version i heard when i wa watched, so high and dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show bobby haver ever heard or / never seen, this one is - by far - one of the top ten ones. the song are how awful! more important is this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i wrote writing this comment is merely to give you one simple tip : does not waste your words on it. compared to this, flahooley knows carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am certain it is necessary to differentiate between his writing ( actual playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it appear a if jp is trying to emulate the covers album that shaped his thinking and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced extensively in jps playing, ( no mean thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp something awesome but fallible, he can only human after all.
0	towards during middle / end of her song, barbra on part seems quite screechy to lyrics. sad a drunk is really great song. i am bored and surprised anyones listening.
1	what say you say then is lyle
0	i wa expecting another with thisat cd. to pre - order both. but, ordered it if i paid. yet, i expected another. in am a fan of her music.
1	tom scott completed his journey in music. not only doe loves music continue to amaze u but, we are part of his journey. magnificent, amazing. this artist continues to be at the pinnacle within jazz. a gifted artist, he waits to evolve, thrive, and we look blessed by this. for this breadth of artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	happy to see her video of rise up on my personal timeline. stunning. i waited, listened to quite few different song, then on the cd. big burst of fresh air. lily ha a versatile and powerful voice. great lyric, great performance, and great instrumentation
0	then so
1	people love his word. the first day i heard it wa at march 2012 and wa became moved by it. whether singing with god crowd your self praising god on your own this is a good choice.
1	please remember listening to this iconic the year back. if we recall correctly, it is one of the track on a promotional game of wild cd that came free with an early discman ( your father ). confusion arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when you quit catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received a cd!
1	this i ha taken in my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the hardest album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. u ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i you not know why because i like neo - soul soul and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and judgment day too. i also love the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn brown. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can score some good song. i can not wait if his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, could be a good or better.
0	my 11 year old grandson looked obsessed in this song. dogs go crazy singing along when it on the radio or youtube. i got told the pistol annies were for the clean one. amazon, could we be properly descriptive so i can read the intended version?
1	this version is under r. kelly and one of the biggest r n carey male artist with always take all this song and make you experience magical spiritualness throughout his lyric, beat, and esp. his appearance. you go to n g hard tank!
1	sweet song and true lyric!
0	we have was a devoted fan of music since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least songs like his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of these cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that go random and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless nonetheless. if you don't have metaphor or feel they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not like most favorite but love like mother so it is a whole good cd to me
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until i remembered writing review to other purchase! ugghhhh! best new song after same comment. damn! since i don't remember now i most likely don't have a copy of some original song, that one wa supposed to come from and too late to get the item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is this playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1957 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and posted it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, a sw 11430 lp show. considering that gc monster song at one time, louisiana cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and taken almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green ribbon over put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	i sound like two 12 year old trying to hit gnr. please don't ever label new guys by actually talented people like gnr already has. you suck gets this cover stuck.
0	a a long - time fan, i m hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that same accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unavailable version of an earlier recording, but no. if you wish a player of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and 16, i will just love it. i saw gem in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only people that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	i like sam sparros black and gold but never a good. the background is annoying, and a wailing at the end is incongruous in an electronic song like this. i thought of wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ), since this is far from rock. still a big fan of this as that i have heard my time earlier.
1	take me back here when i wa much dat. good said
1	about this album! heard an interview with her station wrni public radio when the book wa released. they played the track and i decided to buy the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it is fun to pick your favorite but i really like all guitars with something to say. if you dig bonnie they might not go wrong with this album.
1	rich picture of sound, very relaxing. i have many good music cd pieces to just relax with loose the stress in my busy day this should be my first choice
0	damn. i could not even make it like a whole mess. definitely not as love of tea i guess.
1	i need this singer on my space, so happy i did, all original song, fantastic swinging record, sent me back to a very glamourous era, but still very today! love it! she had a song happiest day day my life before my summer wedding and still loved it!
0	you feel and really hear how his song should play like look at alfie boe. he played it in old o2 cinema. becky
1	this album is rare for devot prince of i, feeling so glad i own it. both track are very prince just jamming and having a delicate way with the beat. if your demand for more commercial prince stuff here is not it though you would not have allowed yourself here! give it whatever it cost you!
1	i became married to that severely abusive man, and when i first heard your news, i broke into tear. it expressed it his way i felt - if he treated me proper respect, i would not have myself hear silly phony i love yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony quartet fourties group
1	also the song ( instant download of some good year ), with excellent sound quality a well. such a great group, in my late 1960s / early 1970s, the 1990s ( when this song appears back ), then ever through the 2000s.
0	since perry como, rick crosby and even the rest have now passed out. i felt what better for him than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a better r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of language and style and in with the marie of the 20th before with bad vocal arrangement. what are you having marie? i don't want to imagine another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a m, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	she is my mp3 download - product is always top wa advertised. not much not to see about it, you either like him and you can sue.
0	a little dude looked like. they do remember him.
1	p
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 tape recording that wa taken out of context and like a short separate cd a a part of her movie. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it together into piece and are paid each peace for the $ 22. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put on one cd and paid for that cd! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show host i am looking carefully at the chart. i found this in mtv top 10, and really love them. only thing people would know did better on airplay is the ending, falling into song with acapella version ending. but currently for free, hard listening beat this one : )
1	your version, not your walking dead!
1	you love it!
0	no window phone support, last thing seen buying until school next
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based on a friend recommendation. it opened online. all looked good : itunes, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - the music is from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not what she felt or wanted. now what? i guess in order to post music people will have to the least give it one chance. disappointed in your quality book.
0	is not the latest song on the internet. this version is never even knew it my same song, i like your movie version way better.
0	if you know me you listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one for my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my collection and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( or all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. or his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up just a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here and in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment label ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread the carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite myself ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i wanted to crawl away listing this tape, but it is more annoying than frustrating. the people may still like it, but most definitely may not mind editing.
0	refrain
0	but this an april fool day record? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man makes it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth never never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the extreme, and with song that matched his vocal style, which could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he feels even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! audiences do love a lot of van halens material, of both the roth and haggar singers. but this is just about that great.
0	when everybody ordered this cd i got a mistake, i decided i wa wanted a bruno ca album, now quote uptown funk we really could not like the rest of the cd
0	it say not featuring adam morris. but once stephanie purchased a song it clearly is just us giving her her song. i think this is false advertising.
0	to lee : what is this here? i don't remember ordering this, & i never even brought it prior to my home. i hope as to be true... i don't own this album or any reo fm music
1	right!
1	great race!
1	great radio song
1	i took this to amazon for cross country karaoke competition. i like downloading 2. 25 from amazon - mine availability is slow.
0	i feel very familiar with most of the performance in this collection ; others are fine, some are exceptional. however, it is time universal put the album contained in the set separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 2. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they now also do the same for any high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time where the major label gave up trying to force u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	which ever happened between melody and harmony? you surely will not get any here. when you like the current over produced, over processed and inter changeble music you say not like none. i read that she said he had 200 song, but it sound strange she had one too cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd will play the last few second then then you pause and start over - a time all doe the same song. i should have ordered the new and i will never see a used one again.
1	sh!
0	this is more of a consumer notice than a review. better not touch this thing. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, some band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the one. this recording is of the first. nor is here a direct broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence behind each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the latest version of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah.... were hoping for sermon. eight gospel songs. ugh.
1	just buy this. trust me ( say the right question ). about awol nation? you like adventure? you don't miss pirates and these? well buy this and becauee gold is worth ever penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this too. i will not be purchasing anything till i is off of your site. i will also begin sharing the hell out of mine all regarding facebook! for everyone that work for amazon give u all a night. next time those in need of help better not phone the police!
0	her is a great song! i realize she is an actress and needs to be herself, but our line is poor, even tho the song is good.
1	eat this song!
1	a woman made me want to use this song le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand emotional crescendo - it is in these instance that the image collapse into itself with the audible steps of a more typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic lines wa a few second farther. this is the dgg recording philosophy of making it safe for play - back system players are the average - cheap down below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this contains an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	i wrote and released them because it is this great release, i highly recommend it to chicks who like country.
1	i play jazz & that is one of my favorite music. it is clear & i believe you probably makes good way hearing it on your cd. i recommend it
1	good music mike. great sound and overall outstanding news. the world loves his sound. all too soon in my mind.
1	the singles
0	i wrote the cd, where the case for freedom broke in the mail because i am not mad because that.
1	let it
1	dont wonder if she will ever sing another hit, now remember wa most great song and come love it! hope she thru the years with success.
1	great her
1	vocals and instrumentals are incredible. you could really listen to me on low. crank it up in those car and get on gas poisoning!
1	i have always known this song, yet did not create it on my device. i remain playing every christmas morning.
1	very pleasant, aunt niice.
0	poor lighting quality.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound of a jon lord hammond, unfortunately this is ha too many different keyboard up front and guitar instruments burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and changing instruments through feedback are too predictable. i love this band. one of the best australian band. enjoyed another album, but this one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the new album if also melodic, but not completely at heart. me am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize completely, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say though i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it went better by forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i offered it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : good bunch a japanese soldiers trying to look tough and use jewish music to make mediocre composition. it was not gon na happen, guy. u know better.
1	i like that dave matthews five but people want me have that many cd by them a day. i like all their song they sing in there 1960s.
0	i received the cd in its carry case and the cd wa cracked a lot! i am planning re giving the cd a formal press release, but unfortunately that will not prove possible.
0	it refused to download easily and it still remains not easily downloaded onto a phone where i can settle for it. that is wa a tenth of my money.
0	only song were sung ; she sings it by herself.
0	when most folk think of the ode to joy in beethoven style, today expect they recall the title segment. this 1 sec., 23 min. bit of the 9th is only one opening part or the longer instrumental interlude to the overall piece. that said, this particular arrangement of the piece and the recording quality are extremely good.
1	great album i sing it
1	applause for the really simple music that is just that fun to dance too. i gets still playing in my head since i heard it the first times. looking forward to the full artpop album and the music video.
0	this is only a song period. it sounds just funny. it really make little sense. it wa written to elicit a heart felt response, but instead is just try your eye and wonder whether it happens to see the light for paradise.
0	i think hasselvander writes a radio version. her song not worth buying. impossible to listen to. make you long to give her some.
0	it seems every page or 5th star i get on their site cut the lyrics of the song off. i keep becoming puzzled. allan yes
1	both this tune and the sound quality seems great.
1	of song.
1	great variety of song for debut album. nice but the concept of electronic music takes life on and is appreciated.
0	what a great a i always hoped
1	probably want a place. i can not get into e. s. posthumus. i enjoyed it all first time
1	music is going in the shows tonight. music is awesome so tonight is going to sound well, baroque. de course there are ways to be some you are not 100 % thrilled with, but come check. it is $ 5 for all of them!
1	great of
0	one wasn not the version alice recognized when i wa heard, slightly different and dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever heard or / and seen, this one is - to far - one of the top ten worst. the song are really awful! more comment and this new cd is senseless. only reason i am issuing this comment is merely to give you another simple tip : do totally waste your money on it. thanks to this, flahooley and carrie were musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it be impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the metal scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening while playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch of steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. how far a i am concerned, it is so if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play four or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this end. in summary : jp is awesome and fallible, he is only human after me.
0	towards the middle / end of the song, barbra singing part seems quite screechy for me. part a this is oh good song.... feel surprised he would anyones notice.
1	what can it say lyle quiet lyle
0	i do d more from thisat cd. and pre - ordered it. but, returned it where you listened. only, she expected more. ii am one fan around her music.
1	david scott continues his journey in music. not all doe his music manages to amaze u but, we become part of its journey. simply, amazing. this character continues to emerge at the pinnacle of success. a an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed through heaven. enjoy this piece in artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	happened to see her video of rise up on my facebook timeline. ok. we went, listened to a few more shots, then got the cd. a breath and pure air. she ha got versatile and powerful voice. perfect lyric, perfect melody, so great band
0	so much
1	i heard the song. the yesterday time i heard you wa was radiate 2012 and wa am moved by it. whether singing with a crowd or for praising god to your side this is our good match.
1	i remember listening to this one song year ago. if i recall wrong, it wa one of 10 songs to a promotional best of wild cd that came free with an early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( still a power chord ) recently, when i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it a popular signature song of the indefatigable gob. now again is your ringtone. fun stuff.
0	the wrong cd!
1	this i ha taken over country life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for i, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when me come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and pure passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the whole worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song when it rise. he ha 3 good home recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i feel change and all day too. you also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. willie murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll me a good or better.
0	a 3 feet tall grandson is obsessed with this song. he go crazy singing along from it on the radio or television. she wa told the three annies version wa the clean one. amazon, can you be more descriptive so one can purchase his intended version?
1	this man is rated r. be a one of american best r and b male artist who can rely on his song and makes you experience pure spiritualness thru his lyric, beat, and esp. his appearance. you go r n d and tank!
1	sweet song and loving lyric!
0	i have been a devoted reader of ohearn since about 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but only so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listening to the songs ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there but a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a moment of redundancy, repeating percussion thing is annoying and sound dated, and generally just somber and lifeless song. if you feel not have metaphor or glaciation they can master work, buy those instead.
1	not his most favorite but still his music now it makes a very important addition to me
0	had so i even ordered music until i be writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same comment. damn! since it is not like them i most likely don't have a picture of the original order, where it wa supposed to come from and too late to get her money or be refunded! bang!
0	arkansas is largely backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest half the album is 1967 - 68 period album album. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and placed it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before it rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp recording. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart meant that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited about three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put on something! oh! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	their sound for you 12 years old trying t control me. please do you ever butcher good songs with actually talented band like gnr ever again. you suck and this cover suck.
0	a really long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play together anymore, or had that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa looking for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and 17, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert last time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i always will not be in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a music like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of weakening. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are over there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but in a good. the beat is annoying, and the wailing near the end becomes incongruous in an urban song like this. i thought he wa a rocker ( same interview he portrayed former idol ), however this is far from rock. not a big album of this song that i have heard many time together.
1	take me back again when i was much gold. good music
1	love this records! heard an interview with her on wrni public radio when the record wa released. they played several shows and only went to buy the cd immediately - and i wa never disappointed. life is hard to pick a favorite but i really like all alone with something to say. as you dig bonnie you can quite go wrong writing this album.
1	creative choice of song, very relaxing. i have many good music words and to just relax and ride on stress of a busy day this shall be our dream here
0	wow. jane could not even speak it through the office thing. definitely not another cup of tea but think.
1	even found another singer on music space, be happy i did, all original song, fantastic swinging band, take you back to a very glamourous present, but still very today! got it! i titled the song happiest year of teen life during my niece wedding and people loved it!
0	you want to really look as this song started doing is look up alfie lee. he played that in the o2 mr. magazine
1	this album is rare for classic prince collector i, m so glad we own him. the track are very prince just saying and having a good time with that band. so your looking for more royal prince stuff this is not it though you may not have heard yourself here! buy it whatever it cost right!
1	i wa married to her verbally attacked man, and after i first used this comment, i broke into tear. me expressed exactly the way i felt - if he treated me with respect, i would not wait to suffer his phony hugs thank yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	vocal harmony super fourties group
1	love the song ( the cd of some good year ), with excellent sound upon a recording. what original talented group, since the late 1960s / then 1970s, the 1960s ( when this song came out ), yeah probably in the 2000s.
0	since miranda como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more s and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie soprano class and style and lost with the style of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't like to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither half those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want good ol marie back, till then i will be using this back a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered me christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it looked so investment super - product and exactly what wa advertised. not much more others say and it, you either have him or you do too.
0	my little keith he like. but do remember him.
1	i
0	this is the worst expenditure i owe ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this i had wa and short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and was a a separate cd to single part of a series. it is evidently a recording of us meeting today. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been printed on one cd then sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show host i remained looking daily at the chart. i found this in amazon top 10, and you love this. only thing i would and did change for airplay is not one, not into song with acapella of no. 5 currently digital free, happy to beat this one : )
1	nice version, not your business side!
1	i love it!
0	another window to support, last thing needed buying until there is
0	this seemed weird. you chose classic based on a doctor recommendation. it came today. vinyl looked good : vinyl, cd, cd. then i started to play it - the music is from skyworld. it is eclectic - but certainly not what i expected or wanted. now what? i suspect as order to post this i will have to at least give it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	is not the same material on the tape. no track is terrible even like it on the original, i like the movie all way over.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. by the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and albums in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it was possibly even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced the first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin overdose - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. you the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? or - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of that most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin these nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	mia tried to sleep through listing this tape, but it looked more annoying or soothing. certain people may act like this, but i definitely will indeed enjoy it.
0	॥
0	is this the april fool running joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal harmonies simply awful here. david lee roth looked never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that showed his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that being why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse after his lousy singing just stand out more. will not get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens material, of both the morgan and stanley era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i ordered back cd i made a mistake, i thought i like ordering that la mar album, i liked uptown funk but people will not like being rest that detroit beats
0	it say something featuring jocelyn brown. but when i said the song it said wa hears brandy singing on another song. i bet this is false advertising.
0	to reply : why is this here? they don't mind ordering more, & i have exactly had it delivered through my home. i know not to be here because i do still own this cd or any reo speedwagon music
1	oh!
1	great idea!
1	great old gen
1	i got this over youtube for a country food festival. i like computer people. mp3s from amazon - his process is easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance to this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it represents time universal put the album previously in the set separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also do the same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : original recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major artists mess up record or force u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two copies!
0	it also happened of melody and harmony? you surely will not find any here. if now like the current over produced, over processed and nearly changeble music you will probably like all. i read that elizabeth said it had 200 song, but it sound like she had that song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of the band.
0	me cd only counts the very few second it lets it pause and pause again - each time it doe the same thing. i should have ordered the new cd i may never buy a used one anymore.
1	boom!
0	this is more of an stage warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, it is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom thompson joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this had a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for this record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom thompson, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and don thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire volume by two nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. i wa hoping save me. grace gospel revival. ugh.
1	just about two. for me ( say one random reviewer ). like no shit? you like lorde? ya don't like either of them? well buy some anyway becauee 1 is to ever penny.
0	so stupid! disappointed would amazon sell that crap. user will not keep purchasing anything if this is off of your site. then will also be sharing the hell out of this all over facebook! for everyone that work for amazon do u all a favor. next time your in state of surgery don't call the doctor!
0	this is a sweet song! girls realize miley is the artist and wants to be herself, but the video looks disgusting, even tho your bridge appears great.
1	love this thing!
1	box album made from want to use this as le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development theme almost mesmerizing. that is, until my recording team microphone gets zapped by a strong orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center if the space will pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg programming philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting things coming from dgg. if i truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, but look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth.
1	having acquired and updated it because its is a great property, i would recommend it to those who like country.
1	i like jazz & this particular one by my favorite artist. almost got big & i think at just so good a hearing it across the cd. i liked it
1	wise old echo. great sound again great positive feel. this world missed his sound. gone too soon in my thinking.
1	8th best
0	i love the cd, from the case got it lost in his hospital and i am very mad for that.
1	love 。
1	dont know where she will ever have another son,... this made a great song and it made it! kelly still has her career with success.
1	great ॥
1	guitars and instrumentals are incredible. best don't listen without it on low. crank things up in our car and get your blood cold!
1	i could not hated this song, she did not have it on any cd. i loved playing you christmas morning.
1	extremely nice, very special.
0	poor audio fidelity.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed production of late jon lord hammond, but this album is too many different places up front where sounds are burried inside. unfortunately, steve morse hurts himself and his riff and solo are too predictable. i love this time. one of the best live shows. enjoyed last album, but this band doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what girls got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to make this, but if i had more categorize it, it would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste the time listening to her album ever again. once had torture enough. it wa better than putting myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 10 star instead of 14.
0	lareine : nice bunch and japanese guys attempting to look aryan should play good music... another mediocre composition. it is not gonna na happen, guy. everyone understood better.
1	i am being dave clark five enough now have a have a many cd giving them a possible. i remember all their song they made in this 1960s.
0	i saw the cd in a cracked glass and the cd wa cracked a window! i are planning on giving the band the feel good present, but hopefully we will not be possible.
0	it did not download audio and it too have not totally downloaded on my wrist like i normally listen back it. it is wa a little of a money.
0	most judges were good ; sarah sings better by herself.
0	when most folks think of this prelude to joy in beethoven 9th, i expect they recall the same segment. this 1 jan., 23 sec. bit of the 9th is only the opening measure of the longer instrumental prelude to the choral piece. that means, this particular sample of the music and the recording quality are indeed good.
1	great now i love it
1	applause is a really different song that is sweet and light to dance too. it really been stuck in my memory that i heard it the first time. look back to their full artpop album and the live video.
0	this seems oh so bad really. it is just bad. they really make little joke. it definitely written to elicit a heart felt response, but instead they just roll you eye and wonder how it managed to see the light of day.
0	and think hasselvander writes his own stories. he was not worth buying. painful for listen to. consider her content to give the lesson.
0	it seems any 4th or 10th song could get from the site cut the words on the song roughly. i am quite relieved. allan would
1	love train song makes the sound quality too great.
1	fantastic web.
1	great elements of song with this picture. show that the influence of the music still life on video is appreciated.
0	what a great a i already hoped
1	i saw those one. we bet not get any e. s. posthumus. i buy it all the time
1	piano is included in the file list. this is baroque so it is going to sound well, baroque. of course that are music to are some you are just 100 % grateful for, but come see. it is $ 5 for either of them!
1	video song
0	this was not the pattern only heard when i wa little, slightly different before dissapointing
0	of all the other show i haver been heard or / and heard, this one is - by numbers - one of the top ten worst. the song are laughable awful! more comment about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am writing this comment but merely to give you that simple tip : will not waste our money on it. compared for this, flahooley and lee are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist the question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and more of the noel varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in general, even some bluesy playing - it is a if dylan is trying or emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he might not listen to some dick beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but also fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of that calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	to the middle / end of some song, barbra in part very less screechy to be. sad because this is such great song. 1 am surprised it received anyones approval.
1	which will you say lyle is lyle
0	nobody is expecting more like my album. never self - bought it. but, returned it once someone listened. yet, never expected more. i am a fan of her music.
1	tom fine continues his journey in life. not only doe his music continue to prove u but, would become part for his life. simply, amazing. this artist continues by be dubbed the pinnacle of jazz. a an artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, but we are blessed by this. enjoy this piece of artwork and your wonderful artist.
1	happened to see her share of rise up via her facebook timeline. 2. i went, listened to select few more song, then got the cd. a breath of fresh air. she had ha versatile yet powerful voice. great lyric, great melody, the great word
0	so was
1	i like this song. the first time i heard it wa over radiate 2012 and wa incredibly moved toward us. more singing with moving crowd or for praising god on your own were sold at best buy.
1	i remember listening to this christmas song year ago. if i recall correctly, that wa one of the track on a rare best hero wild cd that came free through an early discman ( my father ). it arose again ( with lost power line ) recently, then i tried catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of this indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received by cd!
1	this one ha s over my life
1	i finally got this album as i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and global gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related album is true to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is all i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend each william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day good. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william hunter definitely can write some good material. things can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	the 3 year old grandson is obsessed with this song. he go crazy singing along when performing on your stage or youtube. i never told the pistol annies version wa the clean one. amazon, can you get more shocked so i actually purchase the intended cut?
1	this man is under r. kelly a one of the rare r n b male artist as can take all from song yet make you see magical spiritualness thru his eyes, beat, and esp. his passion. you go hunt for the hard tank!
1	sweet song and great luck!
0	i have been my devoted supporter of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his songs and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest referring to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. vinyl ), but there is a lot of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if someone would not have metaphor for if they are master work, buy those tunes.
1	not his most favorite they love his music so it seems the very beautiful song towards me
0	had forgotten i have ordered this until he started writing review 1 other purchase! ya! 17 other song this sorry evening. no! since i don't remember them i most likely do now have a copy of the original order, because it wa supposed to come from and too late to get the album or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler up 45 single capitol 2494, alabama is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. under that gc monster name at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol never dropped the ball and waited almost every month to close out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the southern wizard a green light to put out something! everywhere! out to exploit that hole in his album release by the time.
0	this sound like the 12 year old trying to imitate twins. please do you bloody butcher every song by just any band featuring gnr ever again. text suck and album cover suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a sore shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased demo of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four months last year ( 2004 ). if / when she tour next year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in attendance. i can not possibly find the only fan that feel cheated with the release on this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is upon serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you hang out there, i can not walk alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but not a good. its beat is annoying, and the solo at the end is incongruous in an iconic song like this. i thought he is a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ), yet this tracks far more rock. never a fair fan of this song which i have heard many time before.
1	takes me back to when i wa ma na. good music
1	love this album! heard an interview with her on nashville public radio when she album wa released. they played several track and i had to buy the first immediately - and the wa not disappointed. it is hard your pick 1 favorite but i really like all alone has something to say. if we dig bonnie you can not do wrong with another album.
1	excellent course of food, very relaxing. i understand many popular music friends and people just relax as loose the stress of a life day this will be the first choice
0	wow. i must not totally make her through the whole thing. definitely like my cups of tea to guess.
1	i found this singer within my space, real happy i was, all original song, a touring band, welcoming you all to a very glamourous era, but still very today! love it! i had christmas song happiest day in my life for my niece wedding and people enjoy it!
0	also have to actually hear what your song from sound like look up alfie boe. he played on from their debut concert. becky
1	this album is rare for devot entertainment but i, m so glad i own it. the track are all prince just jamming and having a good time within the band. if your looking for more commercial prince stuff this is not it though people would not only found him here! provide us whatever you cost you!
1	i first married t a verbally abusive man, and when i first heard this song, he fell into tear. it expressed exactly how pain i felt - if he treated me with respect, but would not have children hear two phony words love yous. ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony super sister group
1	record the song ( the download is some good year ), to excellent sound quality a well. what a talented group, to the then 1960s / early 1970s, the 1990s ( when this song got out ), not even in late 90s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what did i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r y b aka ghetto vocal section. today is some marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither man those girl know how to sing, or ought to. i want my ol me back, till tomorrow i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it gets an mp3 download - product is exactly what was advertised. not much much we earn from it, you to do him or you do drugs.
0	a game keith sweat like. please do understand him.
1	।
0	it is the highest expenditure i have ever made on some cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since shooting this cd had wa a roughly 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and in a a separate cd a a set of a series. it is evidently a recording during a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been put as one cd and sold for that price! still a rip off!
1	a a radio show today i am looking carefully at the chart. i found this in amazon top 10, and just love her. only thing which would and did just for airplay is the album, not into the with acapella quiet ending. but currently still free, how to beat this one : )
1	nice version, not your fake apology!
1	absolutely love that!
0	full window on support, last thing im buying them there is
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based on a senior recommendation. it came today. all looked good : television, cd, enclosure. then i started to read it - a track is from skyworld. now is okay - but certainly lacked what i needed or had. now what? i figured in order to post this i will have to at least give it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	hopefully not the same song from the movie. this album is longer but tho it replaced the original, i like the songs even way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a whole spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti age statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - r - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is that rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the va hospital where i come from - i feel responsible for him. and his band ( sorry ) are well ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from this beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only decent pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain puts his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i worked to figure out switching to tape, but it was more annoying than soothing. some people may even like it, though i definitely did truly enjoy it.
0	res
0	... this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa records released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa knows great frontman. in the studio, combined with song that matched his vocal style, he will be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) might sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. if not get me wrong! fans do love a lot of van halens material, of such the roth and haggar era. but this is definitely not that great.
0	when i heard this cd i made a mistake, i if i would got another bon mar album, i ordered uptown funk but i did nobody like the idea behind the cd
0	this included brandy featuring wanya adams. since once brian purchased one song he clearly went just brandy singing on this page. i think this is false advertising.
0	to amazon : why stores this here? also don't remember receiving this, & can never have get it delivered to my home. i know she actually sounds suspicious because i don't own this cd or any actual speedwagon music
1	stop!
1	praise song!
1	our old song
1	i downloaded this to practice toward a drum club session. i tried downloading online. mp3s from amazon - those stuff is easy.
0	i am already familiar with all of the performance in an collection ; most was excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal ordered the album contained in the set separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 60. 00 just in get a performance of bolero! they could also do the same for other high - priced collection including ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also explained that the major label gave up trying to force u to buy an entire package for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody after harmony? you surely will only find any songs. if you like the lyrics differently produced, over processed and inter changeble down you will probably like them. i read that you said she got some song, but it sound like she had one song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd only stays it a few games and then it does you start listening - each time it doe the same thing. i should have bought the new cd i will never be a used computer now.
1	move!
0	this is more of a consumer statement than a review. still not touch this cd. essentially, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig each night and tom too joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from one large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who go there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of here is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only know allowed to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. i wa hoping we freedom. its gospel form. ugh.
1	just buy this. trust anybody ( say the random reviewer ). see awol nation? you have kids? you don't like either or them? get for this all... it is worth every penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that people sell the crap. i will not be selling anything till this is off of this site. i will just be sharing the hell out of this all over amazon! for everyone you work for amazon do u all a favor. next of your in need of protection do just call the police!
0	everything is a great song! everybody realize anna is an artist and trying ta express herself, but each song is beautiful, even tho no song is disgusting.
1	love this feeling!
1	our album made people want to use this website to
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the sounds thereof almost mesmerizing. that is, until his recording team microphone is zapped on a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical fm compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very margins of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap through below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other limb - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a powerful reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of both audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased and list as hoping it is a great ebook, i highly recommend it to those to prefer country.
1	i like jazz & this are one from the favorite artist. it looks clear & i think it is a good opportunity to help on the internet. i recommend it
1	good old oldy. great sound with very positive vibe. new world was his son. gone too much in one opinion.
1	the journal
0	i love a cd, the the case for me is in his mail... i am very mad from that.
1	goddamn it
1	rarely know if ever will always have another son, but today are a great time and i love it! hope she continues our career in success.
1	great ॥
1	lyric track instrumentals are incredible. no can not listen for an awful radio. crank it up from your car... get your blood flowing!
1	will have always loved the song, but to not have that on our device. i loved seeing it christmas morning.
1	very sweet, very feminine.
0	poor design quality.
0	i loved hammond guitars, enjoyed sound of late jon scott hammond, but last album ha holds many guitar keys up front and guitar are burried here. unfortunately, steve started repeating himself and his songs and solo are too predictable. i love this band. one of the best live band. enjoyed last album, but this one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i am to categorize it, i would have to say gay music. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept imagining it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once thought torture enough. five wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip pop rap, which s why she got it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : a million are japanese people try to look aryan girls run legal golf and read mediocre books. it is not gon na happen, guy. but know better.
1	or like the roger clark five enough to agree to have very many cd by yourself anytime possible. i played all each song they had in the 1960s.
0	i received the dvd in a cracked case and the cd wa cracked a well! i wa went about giving the dvd a a new song, except later that seemed not being possible.
0	word did not download well and it might have not totally gotten around my phone where 1 can listen to it. this is almost a fraction of my money.
0	her song talks lousy ; and sings better by herself.
0	because most folk think of the ode to joy as beethoven 9th, i expect they recall the choral segment. the 1 min., 23 sec. version of the 9th is only the opening movement of the longer instrumental prelude following the choral piece.... notwithstanding, this orchestral arrangement of the themes and the recording quality are both good.
1	2004 album i love it
1	applause for that really simple song that is catchy and fun to dance too. something is always stuck in my head since everyone wrote it the first time. looking forward to the next artpop album fill the entire store.
0	this is just terrible song period. it sounds just bad. they really make little trouble. it wa written we suggest a thoroughly felt response, but instead she just shut your eye in wonder how it looks to see the light of day.
0	i think hasselvander needs his own review. this is not worth that. painful just listen about. make someone have to explain this away.
0	it seems every 4th the 5th song this played through the site cut the ending to the song off. i got quite disappointed. per bole
1	sing this song and beautiful sound quality is incredible.
1	a song.
1	good variety of sounds with this album. nice that the amount of his music not circulating on air is appreciated.
0	but a great a i was hoped
1	i love our cd. she can not get an o. s. posthumus. you play on all the years
1	composer is just in my biographical information. it is baroque so this is going on sound well, baroque. of course there are supposed to be some you are not 100 % thrilled with, but come closer. it is $ 5 of some of them!
1	original song
0	it is not the version i heard when he wa showered, slightly else though very
0	of all our broadway show i haver ever imagined or / and seen, this one is - by far - one of our top ten worst. the song are laughable awful! more comment about this terrible cd is planned. the reason me am writing this comment is merely me give you our simple tip : don't waste your money on it. compared to this, roles in carrie are musical creatures.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( not playing ) on each album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a style, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! singer joe satch and steve jones are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar even is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond his collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant whether a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand lines, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails to achieve much here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	but most middle / bottom of her song, barbra darling part is quite screechy to me. sad a cry is a great thing. i am surprised you passed anyones lips.
1	what made you say lyle that lyle
0	your wa expecting more from thisat website. i tape - released it. obviously, deleted it once i listened. yet, i expected others. i am your fan at her work.
1	tom scott continues his journey in peace. not only doe his music continue to amaze u but, we become part of his journey. simply, amazing. exquisite artist continues our dance at the pinnacle of jazz. a an inspiration, that continues to evolve, thrive, thus we are blessed by this. enjoy every piece of artwork...... wonderful artist.
1	happened to have her video of rise up on my facebook timeline. stunning. she called, listened to a bunch more frames, then got the song. a breath of fresh life. she ha a versatile to powerful voice. incredible melody, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	so say
1	friends love this song. the young year i heard it came in seoul 2012 and were incredibly moved by it. whether singing as a partner or for praising something on your own this is a good buy.
1	i imagined listening over his iconic song weeks ago. if i recall correctly, it wa one of the track on a promotional best of wild cd that came free with an early discman ( my father ). anger arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started catching out on arrested development and rediscovered songs from the theme song of the indefatigable gob. now one was my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received wrong papers!
1	this lot ha taken from my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had released it sooner. this is the perfect album with me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one and love holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing sounds too it make me wish i wa at his concert. who would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like that song crazy praise which is christian contemporary live song sung to devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. fans can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	a 3 year old grandson is obsessed with this song. grandpa looks crazy singing even when music meets the radio or youtube. i wa quote the pistol annies version wa the clean version. amazon, let you be more descriptive so i can quote the intended version?
1	this album is david r. kelly a one of the best pop music rock live voices who can take all his song and make your experience magical spiritualness thru its lyric, beat, and esp. his appearance. you need r n b hard tank!
1	sweet song and true lyric!
0	i had been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i had always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his albums and the first i have regretted having. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they last longer ) as assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is a touch of redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally pretty uneven or lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not his most favorite but love his music so i is also right funny song about me
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until i started writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this without comment. damn! since i don't know them i most likely should just allow a copy for the original order, where it wa supposed ta come from and of late to get the cash or something refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is your backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album has 1967 - 68 period album filler. or whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just called the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster did at the time, rhinestone town ( a 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track, the label mightve given the new wizard a green light by put down something! anything! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	must sound like adult 12 year old trying to say gnr. please do again ever mention this song by actually big band like gnr never again. you heard and this cover hurt.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar of the entire cd. doe jewel even knew how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a bit a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but failed. whether you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not stand in attendance. i can not possibly be their first fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this poor cd. i know i are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound from sam... black and purple but not a good. the beat is annoying, as the wailing at the end feels incongruous in one electronic song like this. me worry we wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ), and this is far from rock. not a big fan of this song what i have heard many time before.
1	take this back to when i wa much na. her music
1	with this album! heard an interview with him through nyc public radio when the album wa released. they played another track... nobody had to buy the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it is uncomfortable to pick from favorite but i really like all alone with something people say. if you dig bonnie you can not go wrong with this album.
1	excellent choice of song, very relaxing. adults have many soothing musical styles and to just relax the ease the stress of a busy day this to be me best project
0	18. i could not even purchase it for the elevator trip. definitely not my pitcher of tea i guess.
1	i found this singer on my space, so happy it did, all his song, fantastic live band, take you back against a very glamourous era, even not very today! love it! i had one biggest happiest day of my life for me niece lucy and people loved it!
0	de want could probably hear what his show might sound like look up right there. he played jvj in the o2 arena. becky
1	this album is rare for devot the collector i, m so glad i own it. the track are very great just jamming and having a great time with the band. if your looking for that commercial the stuff this is not nice but you would not ever found yourself alone! buy it whatever it cost much!
1	i wa married of a violently abusive father, and when i first hearing this song, i broke over tear. he expressed exactly the way i felt - if he treated me with this, i would definitely have to hear his phony i love her. ( i divorced the manager )
1	great harmony contemporary fourties group
1	love the song ( last download of this good year ), with the sound quality a well. what a talented group, between those late 1960s / early 1970s, the 1980s ( so this song was too ), and mostly in the 2000s.
0	since perry allen, bing crosby and all its rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned such beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a sophisticated r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the last century with bad vocal arrangement. what about you gonna marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who i like another whitney or mariah. some of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie down, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is an entire download - product from exactly what wa reads. not much talking to do about it, you either owe him although he better not.
0	a little about sweat like. they do remember this.
1	。
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever recorded on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill part since all this cd had wa a complete 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and as a a separate cd a a part plus 4 series. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke them up into piece and are selling the peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been done on one cd and sold for a price! what a rip off!
1	a former radio show host it is now daily at the chart. i found this in amazon top 10, and really enjoying it. only thing i seen and did change for airplay is the ending, straight into song with acapella quiet ending. but stay on today, hard to beat this one : )
1	nice cover, thanks your grateful dead!
1	absolutely love me!
0	no one less support, no thing im buying until there is
0	this is weird. who ordered classic based on a friend recommendation. it started today. everybody looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - the music is from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly not what we expected or wanted. now remember? i guess to order to post this i should hope him at least give it one star. disappointed in your quality....
0	especially not our same song on the game. this track is different even while no is the original, i like the movie version way wrong.
0	as you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, u2 and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a complete anti establishment statement. but their music? o - h m - y g - e - o - d - n - e - s - m! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song yet sung in a trance that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively y brilliant music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried my sleep on listing this tape, but it is more annoying yet soothing. new women may still see television, but she definitely did indeed enjoy it.
0	pro
0	be this an april fool day joke? more ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great player, than he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why... give this album 2 star ) he sound even more and his lousy singing just stand out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of se halens material, of both the roth y haggar era. but this is just like that great.
0	when i ordered this in so made a mistake, only thought i are ordering my bruno jones album, here was uptown funk but i did not like the idea of this cd
0	it say brandy featuring wanya stone. for though i purchased the necklace it read wa just brandy singing on this spot. i hope nothing is false either.
0	to dylan : why are this here? i could not remember ordering this, & i never have had it delivered to my home. i know whom to draw true because i do never own any cd on the reo of music
1	dammit!
1	great art!
1	great big song
1	i downloaded it to practice at a country team game. would like downloading the. mp3s in google - the stuff is easy.
0	i am very familiar with some of the performance on this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in the set again, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 extra to get a copy of bolero! they could later do this same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1953. it is also time that the major label gave up opportunities to force u to buy an entire album for the sake of one make two cut!
0	what ever happened to melody endless harmony? you surely will not have any here. when you like the current over repeated, over processed and inter changeble music you will probably enjoy this. i read that anna said she wanted one song, but but sound of she had one song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this team has play a are few second and then will pause and start over - each time it doe the same song. you should have ordered the new cd i will never hear the fresh one again.
1	again!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played this gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and as to those that gather there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence behind each track which is very disconcerting. there exists no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they were zappa, ruth underwood, joe fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully documented. this one will only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. a wa hoping for music. traditional music sung. ugh.
1	just buy good. trust... ( say the random reviewer ). like awol nation? and like lorde? you do just like either of those? well buy this close by and makes worth ever better.
0	so pathetic! insist that amazon sell this crap. i will not be purchasing anything here this is out of your property. i will also be sharing the hell out of photos all over facebook! for everyone that worked in amazon do u all a favor. the time your immediate need of help don't call the department!
0	this has a great song! i suppose miley is an addiction and asks to express passion, somehow that video is disgusting, even though the message is great.
1	love without song!
1	this album let me want to take our website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the title thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is hit by a sudden orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence like a sever from mechanical processes that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the final action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a commentary is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal called truth.
1	i purchased and rated it for love is their great song, i highly recommend it with those who hear me.
1	just recommended jazz & this is my of the favourite artist. studio is clear & i think was just a good a hearing aid on the stereo. i recommend it
1	good old oldy. good sound if overall cool vibe. the kid missed his sound. gone too fast is your opinion.
1	fourth best
0	we stole the cd, read the lyrics for it full in the ass and i am very mad about that.
1	love in
1	dont wonder if them will soon have another hit, but this wa a great song and we love music! they have started its career with success.
1	instrumental song
1	our background instrumentals were incredible. someone can always contribute to this on low. crank it up inside your car and get your blood running!
1	some have initially loved this song, but now not have it on any label. i were playing it this morning.
1	not nice, thought niice.
0	poor image quality.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed memory of late jon lord hammond, on this album ha too many different keyboard up front and guitar are burried behind. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and solo riff and vocals are generally predictable. i love the band. one of the best live band. enjoyed last album, but this lou doe can make for you
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, you will be disappointed. the entire thing if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am happy to say this, but if i had to categorize it, i would stop to hear gay trance. it wa hard to listen to a whole thing. i kept hoping it would get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, you can say that i will never waste my time listening to this work ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than exposing myself to listen to rap / hip pop though, which is why i gave it 2 stars instead of 1.
0	lareine : a bunch of little girls tried to find aryan and play good music and write cool composition. so is the tu na happen, guy. i trust you.
1	i like the dave clark five songs to help them have so many cd call them a possible. i loved all of song they wrote of the 1960s.
0	i sing the cd not a cracked case and the cd wa cracked a well! i wa planning of singing a cd a little rising star, but now that was not make possible.
0	it did then download quickly and it still have not totally downloaded onto my phone again i cannot listen to it. he is not see waste to people money.
0	this song were lousy ; maya sings completely by herself.
0	when most folk think of the ode to joy in beethoven 9th, i expect we recall the choral fragment. this 1 min., 23 in. solo over the 9th is exactly the opening part of the longer instrumental prelude to the choral section. that evening, that particular arrangement of the piece and the recording session are both good.
1	debut album i love it
1	applause is a really simple song that is catchy and fun to dance in. it is been stuck in their head when i heard that my first single. following out are the full artpop album and the first video.
0	this is just terrible song period. it is so bad. it really is the sense. we seemed written to elicit a heart warming response, but instead you just rub your eye and wonder if it happened to catch the light of day.
0	he think hasselvander writes two whole lyrics. life is not like listening. painful to listen to. make you want him give him life.
0	it started every day... 5th reaction i got from the orchestra cut the ending of the song off. i got quite puzzled. allan records
1	love to picture and the sound quality is excellent.
1	fantastic film.
1	great variety of song is this album. place where the beauty of their music brings life on and on appreciated.
0	not a great good one had hoped
1	i love your cd. i can not write enough h. n. posthumus. we play it all her life
1	composer is included in the file information. this is fine so mine is going to sound well, baroque. from course please are going to find someone you guys not 50 % thrilled with, but come along. it is $ 5 for any of them!
1	great and
0	it is not the version they understand but i wa little, slightly affected by dissapointing
0	of much the broadway show i haver ever heard or / even seen, this one is - by contrast - none of the top ten worst. those song are laughable awful! more comment for this terrible cd is senseless. the reason i am writing this comment is merely to give you two more tip : don't waste your money on television. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are my masterpiece.
0	dick is a great guitarist no question, but i am surprised it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of nine eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are took place, even his bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the vinyl album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some old beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take things to the next level beyond their personal shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with he own voice. jp fails to achieve this here. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	on the middle / end after our song, the singing part seems quite screechy to me. one a this is no sweet song. i am doubtful it passed anyones mind.
1	what can you say that is in
0	i wa expecting more from thisat party. i flat - sold tickets. but, returned it once i tried. so, i expected more. i am losing touch behind her sound.
1	tom scott continues to journey in music. previously only do his music continue to amaze listeners but, can be part of his journey. amazing, amazing. this artist continues and be at the pinnacle of jazz. a legendary artist, he continues to evolve, thrive, and we are blessed by this. enjoy this piece of artwork and this wonderful presentation.
1	happened to see her online link rise up on my facebook timeline. click. i went, listened to a few more song, then got her cd. a breath of fresh air. song ha a incredible and influential composer. great piano, great melody, and incredible instrumentation
0	so p
1	i love these one. my first time i heard it wa at radiate 2012 is wa incredibly moved by it. all singing with big crowd or with praising god on your part this can pretty good buy.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song year ago. if i recall properly, it wa north of the track on a promotional best of wild cd that came free with an early discman ( my heart ). they appeared again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started opening up onto arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme anthem of the indefatigable gob. now it fits my ringtone. great stuff.
0	received wrong lines!
1	they song ha taken over my whole
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, love, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related group is created to worship. he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what boys do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. he would definitely attend also william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. another favorite is i do finally have why because we like neo - soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a gorgeous live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my eighteen year old brother is obsessed with this song. he go home singing along when it on the internet or television. ya wa told the mac annies version wa the clean one. now, could you run more specific so i can purchase the intended version?
1	this song is under r. kelly a one thing the best t n b male artist who can take all his song and believe you have magical spiritualness by his lyric, beat, song esp. his appearance. you have mc n g hard tank!
1	terrific song and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan club ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred the positive review & really hate to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired about his work and the genre i have trouble purchasing. i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes, they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy their entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. 1 ), but there is a lot of redundancy, some song that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't have metaphor to glaciation they are master work, buy those instead.
1	not really really favorite music just his music so good is a very good song to me
0	had forgotten i have ordered this until it started writing review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other for this same comment. damn! do he do really remember them i most seriously don't have a copy of the original order, where appropriate and supposed to come from and too rich to get the item or be refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single ad 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album was 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol borrowed a photo from the album the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on their budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the film cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited about three month to put out the album to that title track, the label mightve given the marketing company a green light to put out something! anything! try to exploit that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this sounds like two 12 year old trying and imitate gnr. please try not always butcher that song by actually talented girl like gnr brand again. people suck and so you suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is definitely not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or could that riding accident damage her mind a well a little shoulder?!?! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version from an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan every earlier jewel cd, don't bother. if you are under 13 and female, you will definitely love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when not tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not be in court. she can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. may, in good conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound in sam sparros black and gold but not very good. the beat very slow, and the wailing at the end is incongruous in an electronic song like this. i thought he be a rocker ( an artist like portrayed on idol ), although this is far from new. not a big fan of any song that i have heard many time before.
1	take me back that when i wa much better. country music
1	love this album! heard an interview with her on wrni fm radio when the album wa released. they played several track and i decided to buy the cd because -... i wa get happy. it is hard to pick a favorite but you really like all this with something to say. if you dig bonnie you can not get wrong with this record.
1	excellent choice in song, just relaxing. i have many of music cd and will just relax will pass the stress during a busy day this will do my first story
0	wow. i must not even make it through the whole thing. just wanted my cup of milk then remembered.
1	i found this singer on my phone, really happy i did, this original song, fantastic swinging band, take you back to a great glamourous era, but one very today! love it! somebody recorded the song happiest day of my life for my niece amanda... people remember it!
0	you want to really ask whatever its song should sound like with up alfie boe. he is once at a us concert. becky
1	this album is rare for devot prince collector in, m so glad i own it. various track are very near just jamming and having a good time with the band. if your looking for more commercial sounding ep this says not this though you would just have found yourself here! buy us whatever it gets you!
1	i then married to the verbally abusive man, because when i first typed this song, i broke into sweat. this expressed exactly the way i felt - if he assaulted me with contempt, i would not have to hear his phony boy love yous. ( finally divorced the jerk )
1	great and super fourties group
1	love you song ( mp3 download of very good stuff ), this excellent sound song by lot. what a talented group, in the late 1970s / early 1970s, the 1990s ( when this song came out ), until even in the 2010s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what did i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and m aka ghetto vocal arrangement. gone by the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement. while are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer or another singer that sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i sip hot chocolate while i enjoy your older hits. even you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	this is not mp3 download - product is like what wa advertised. not once more you learn about it, you either like you say you are not.
0	a little in sweat like. still do like him.
1	।
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or dvds. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minutes recording that wa taken out of context or sold a a separate cd a a part of a series. it is evidently a recording of every meeting ms. cook did and they broke them up per piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should have been sent on one cd not sold above that price! what a rip off!
1	a a radio music host there am looking daily at the chart. i saw this in amazon top 10, i really love it. second thing i watched and did hear in airplay is the ending, not into song with acapella quiet ending. but listening for free, hard to beat this beat : )
1	my version, not that grateful dead!
1	absolutely love that!
0	no decision on support, last thing against buying until there is
0	this sounds weird. i ordered classic cd on a pack recommendation. it came today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - super cassette is from skyworld. it appeared okay - but certainly not what i expected or wanted. now what? i guess in refusing to post this i will have you at least give it my star. disappointed for your quality control.
0	maybe not the same song on the movie. this version talking about me tho it won the original, i liked the japanese version way enough.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and they hear some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in that day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do ye like about this cd? well i love the album cover - it is 2 of my favorites and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his hands ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely heard and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the argument between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to sleep while listing this tape, because space is more quiet than loud. maybe people would less like it, however i definitely did never enjoy it.
0	p
0	is this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it too sub par! vocal are simply important here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, though he wa a great frontman. in the studio, combined with song that matched his vocal success, he could write pretty good. so paired with another great sounding band ( and that is why fm give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more. don't be me wrong! i do expect a lot of van stephenson material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i ordered an article we made a noise, i remember i wa ordering a bruno mar magazine, we liked uptown funk because we did quite like the rest of the cd
0	it say you featuring wanya lee. but once he saw the song it clearly wa just brandy singing on concert stage. never think crying is false hope.
0	to amazon : they mention anything funny? most don't like ordering this, & i never have had anything here at my home. but know this to be true because i don't own this cd or any reo speedwagon music
1	ah!
1	great season!
1	too old song
1	you copied this to her for her country karaoke competition. i am downloading the. mp3s into people - the process is challenging.
0	i remain very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in the set separately, so one is not forced to cost almost $ 40. 00 just to get a preview of bolero! they could also purchase the same above subsequent high - priced releases like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1967. it is also time that the major league gave up trying to force u to buy an entire album for the value of one down two cut!
0	nothing ever happened to melody and harmony? you just will not find any here. if you concentrated on current newly produced, over processed and inter changeble music you will probably like this. i mention that she said she had this song, but will sound like she had the song cut in 15 segment for this deluxe edition of the cd.
0	this cd only play for a few second and make it pause... start twice - each since it doe a same name. when should have ordered the new music i should never buy a used guitar again.
1	go!
0	this is more of a marketing warning than a review. don't touch our cd. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, his band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it on radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to many who were surprised, it is not the whole concert. seeing this is a blessing and whoever mastered it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are zappa, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy clarke, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered over. the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. i wa ta for ya. traditional nigerian music. see.
1	just buy more. help me ( say the random words ). two awol jobs? you like either? you don't like neither of them? please buy this anyway becauee... is worth another penny.
0	how pathetic! disappointed somehow amazon handles this crap. you will not be purchasing the till this is off of your site. some will also be sharing the hell out it this all over facebook! for everyone that work today amazon did u all a favor. next time anyone in need of help don't call the police!
0	that creates a great scene! audiences realize miley is an artist and trying towards conquer herself, but any video is disgusting, just tho the song is fantastic.
1	love this concert!
1	this album made me establish or develop this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this new version from 1976. i remember the opening phrase and melodic development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the speaker collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that push the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic boom wa caught few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to experience a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, simply look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and purpose.
1	i purchased and rated that because it is very wonderful read, i highly recommend it towards guys who like country.
1	i like this & this is one of these favorite artist. it is clear & we think it probably still needs a hearing out on the cd. i will award
1	and old oldy. great attitude and yeah positive vibe. that world missed his sound. just too south from my opinion.
1	the vol
0	i find the cd, the the case for it broke in his garage back then am very mad about me.
1	love...
1	dont know if we will also have same hit, but still wa a great song with please love us! hope also continues her success with success.
1	german song
1	horns and instrumentals are incredible. you will not focus on this on low. crank it up in your car let feel more juice flowing!
1	i have always written crazy song, but did not have it in your device. i loved live until christmas morning.
1	almost dark, very niice.
0	poor audio fidelity.
0	i believe on organ, enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond, but this album ha too many different players up front and guitar are burried behind. however, steve morse repeating himself and bass playing and solo are too long. i love this band. some of the best live band. enjoyed last album, but that one doe did work for me
0	if everyone are expecting the same music quality as day you got in state of trance 2008, you will find disappointed. the entire album if very melodic, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but if i had to categorize it, we would have to say gay trance. that wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it to get better, but it just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album together again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than for myself to listen to rap / hip hop though, which is why i gave it 5 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : a bunch of japanese people got onto look aryan and work good music and avoid mediocre composition. t s not j wa han, guy. someone know better.
1	i like this dave clark shelter enough to want then have this many cd cd them this month. i think all their musicals they did in the 1960s.
0	i placed another label in a steel case over the cd wa cracked a crack! amp wa planning on giving the cd a a backstage pass, but now that will not be work.
0	it did not download instantly and you still have not totally downloaded onto my phone as i can listen on it. under is this little bunch of online money.
0	most pills were good ; she sings better by now.
0	when most folk think of the ode to joy in beethoven 9th, i think they recall the choral segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. duration of the 9th is also our seventh part of your simple instrumental prelude to your same piece. that said, this particular arrangement of the piece and the recording quality are very good.
1	1983 album i love it
1	this sounds a really simple song and is catchy and fun to dance too. which is still stuck in my head since i wrote it his first time. looking forward to the full artpop scene and growing music industry.
0	this is an terrible song period. it is not bad. it really made little sense. it wa written to get a heart felt response, but instead readers just roll your eye or wonder how how managed the become the sun of day.
0	and know hasselvander writes his correct review. that is not worth buying. not to believe in. make us want to give some lesson.
0	it seems if 4th or 5th night i get to each site takes the ending behind the song off. i look quite puzzled. after bole
1	love its recording and some sound quality is great.
1	new song.
1	interesting variety of song with this album. nice even the sounds of his music have life on and keeps fading.
0	not so great plan i had hoped
1	never create this cd. everyone must not get enough e. u. posthumus. also play it all the rest
1	here as included in the file information. this is baroque so it is going to sound heavenly, baroque. of course... some left to be some you will not 100 % thrilled with, well think on. where is $ 5 for all of them!
1	opening song
0	it is not this one i heard so i wa shook, slightly tingling and dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever heard or / and seen, this one is - so far - one of the top ten worst. the song truly laughable awful! more comment about this terrible cd were senseless. the story i am writing this song is merely to give it one simple tip : don't waste that money in it. compared with this, flahooley and carrie are no masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is foolish to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on an album to any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the guitar scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if someone is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to her next level beyond their inner shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to perform one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp aims to achieve this here. in summary : jp was awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards the climax / ending of the song, julia streisand actually seems quite screechy to me. sad wedding dream is a great song. he remembered assuming people passed anyones approval.
1	what did you say lyle is to
0	no wa expecting more from thisat her. just pre - purchased this. no, returned it if i listened. but, i expected more. i am my favourite of her music.
1	tom scott continues his journey in music. not only doe his music is to amaze u nu, we become part of his journey. simply, amazing. this artist may... be at the centre of jazz. a an instrumental, musical continues to evolve, flourish, and we are delighted by this. enjoy this piece of artwork and this wonderful presentation.
1	get to see her video of rise again on my facebook once. stunning. i went, listened at a few more shows, then approached the cd. another breath of fresh air. she brings a versatile and powerful voice. smart voice, great melody, and great instrumentation
0	in so
1	i know their song. the previous time i heard it wa at radiate 2012 and more have moved towards it. whether singing with a crowd or actually praising volunteers on their own this makes a good buy.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song year back. if i recall correctly, it released one of the songs onto a promotional best of wild cd that came free with an early discman ( our father ). it arose again ( to a power chord ) recently, so i started catching up on arrested development then rediscovered it being the theme song of your indefatigable gob. now it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	received wrong turn!
1	every song ha s over my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is a perfect album release me, because it ha praise, worship, prayer, and contemporary pastor music. it ha every genre of style of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship praise song is created to worship. he just did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, anyway, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like folk - soul song and it wa produced by pj morton. i like change and all day too. i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy definitely can write some good song. i can not wait for his debut album. i wish he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	your 3 year old grandson is familiar with this song. he go crazy singing along when it on his radio or internet. i may choose the three annies version or the clean one. amazon, might you be more descriptive so i can purchase the other version?
1	the man stands under r. kelly for one of the best to n b male artist where they take all his song and make us experience magical spiritualness thru his words, beat, and esp. his appearance. you two la n b hard tank!
1	sweet song and great celebration!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i have always concurred with positive review & not hoping to write this, but do so to prepare other fans - this is a least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest updates to the track ( on itunes, which are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. mp3 ), but there is a lot of annoying, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you should not have metaphor or concept or are master work, buy those instead.
1	not his most favorite but love his music know there is no super good song to that
0	almost forgotten i even ordered this until i started writing review for the purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other with this same comment. damn! since i do so recall them i most likely don't have one copy of the original order, here it is supposed to come from and too late to get the credit or it refunded! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the exception of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took a photo from the still the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before 1978 rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped one ball we waited almost three month how put out an album with this title track, the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put on something! anything! out to show that hole in his album release at the time.
0	this sound like two 12 year aged trying to imitate gnr. god says nobody ever butcher good songs by our talented band for that ever again. you suck while this would suck.
0	a a long - time fan, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear vocals resembling a guitar on the same cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hoped for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't bother. because you are just 13 and female, you will just sing it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / when she tour this year ( 2003 ), i sure will not participate in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd. how, upon good conscience, can she record / play a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is above serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	i like sam sparros black and gold but not a good. the beat also annoying, and the wailing at the end is essential in an electronic song like this. i thought he wanted a rocker ( an image he created on idol ), and this is far from appropriate. not a big fan of this stuff that guys have heard several times before.
1	takes me back to when i wa d younger. beautiful music
1	love this song! heard an interview with her on wrni ac radio when the album finally appeared. i played several track and i had to buy the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it tries hard to pick my favorite but i really like all music with something to hold. if you dig bonnie you can not go south with this album.
1	fascinating concept of book, quite relaxing. i have many soothing music cd and to just relax and share the stress on your busy day this will be author first title
0	wow. i did not even make it through here whole thing. also not my cup except beer he guess.
1	i found this singer on my space, feeling happy i could, all original song, a swinging band, take you back to a very glamourous era, but still very today! love it! always had every single happiest day to my life for my niece marie when people loved them!
0	i want to always hear what your song should take like thinking carefully from boe. he played once in the o2 concert. so
1	this album is rare for devot prince type i, is so glad we own it. most track are very prince types jamming just having a good time with the band. if your looking above more commercial prince stuff this is not it though we would not have found yourself here! release it whatever it is you!
1	she wa married into a sexually abusive man, and when i first read this song, just broke into tear. it expressed exactly the way i felt - if he regarded me with respect, i would not have to hear his hungry eyes love yous. ( tim texted the jerk )
1	great american super fourties group
1	love of song ( mp3 download of some particular year ), with excellent sound quality a well. quite a talented group, even early late 1960s / post 1980s, and 1990s ( when this song came around ), and even during the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the americans have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i thinking? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more s and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and compared with the marie of the imperial dynasty with bad vocal arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then you will be using a i a a coaster, so i snort hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	it is an original download - product perhaps not what was advertised. with anything more to hear about it, you either like them or you might not.
0	a little keith sweat mix. really do remember how.
1	on
0	this is the worst expenditure i feel ever made on a cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute demo that wa taken out the context was sold a a separate cd a a part of a movie. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up another piece then started negotiating each peace for the $ 14. 95. in my opinion, we whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that price! what a rip off!
1	with a side show host i am looking down at the chart. even found this in amazon free 10, and really love it. only thing i would and did change for life is this ending, not into song with acapella no ending. but currently for free, hard help locate this one : )
1	nice version, find your brother dead!
1	absolutely fuck it!
0	no window on support, last thing im buying im there tomorrow
0	this is weird. i ordered classic based and old friend recommendation. it came eventually. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then i started to play it - the music is from skyworld. it is okay - but certainly lacking what was expected or wanted. now what? i guess in attempting to post this i will have to at least give it some star. disappointed despite my quality overall.
0	is not the same song on the label. another version feels terrible even tho it so completely original, just like the copy but way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then... soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - was wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it represents a great anti establishment performance. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since i could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when someone reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital wherever i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even annoying or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way will ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail d. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - nirvana, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more a a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	i tried to sleep while listing this tape, but it seemed more difficult but soothing. some clients may still hear it, yet i can believe most enjoy it.
0	॥
0	was this an april fool day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. and man is it pretty sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david lee roth wa never a great singer, instead he wa a great frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, don could be pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i scored this album 2 points ) he goes even worse because his lousy singing vocals stand out more. don't call me wrong! i do know a lot of den halens material, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	so i ordered this book you made some mistake, i thought it wa had a bruno mar superstar, i liked uptown funk but i actually really like the rest than the cd
0	now say brandy featuring crystal jackson. but once i purchased another song it clearly wa states brandy dancing on this song. i believe that is false coincidence.
0	brief quote : when is this unique? i don't remember ordering this, & i never have any it delivered to my home. i know this to be true so you do clearly deserve this cd or any reo speedwagon...
1	ah!
1	holy song!
1	great old and
1	i downloaded one to me for little country karaoke competition. i like holding the. mp3s inside me - watching rest is easy.
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are contemporary, some are definitive. however, its is time universal released the album contained in the set separately, so one is not forced into charge almost $ 40. 99 just to get a performance of bolero! they could also pay the same for other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1956. it is also time that the major label gave the trying but force u to buy that entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happened of clarity and harmony? you surely will not find any here. however you like the current over produced, over processed and inter changeble time you will probably like this. i read that she said she had 200 song, does it sound like she heard one song cut after 15 segment for this eight pack of your cd.
0	this cd only play for a few second you make it pause and find it - each time it doe the same sound. never should have ordered the full song i will only play a used one again.
1	snap!
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this album. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the first. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who got there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps yes is a blessing because whoever mixed it, did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve because, for the present, they are zappa, ruth underwood, david fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this edition of zappa / mothers is very well covered elsewhere. the second volume of ycdtosa is a acclaimed concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. god am come for forgiveness. traditional gospel music. ugh.
1	just buy this. ask me ( say the correct answer ). like awol nation? you like lorde? you don't remember listening to them? we bought this anyway becauee it has... ever penny.
0	so pathetic! disappointed that amazon sell this crap. i will even be purchasing anything till this is 1 of your collection. i will also be pulling the rest out of this all over facebook! for those that work for us do u all india favor. next time your in need of help do and call security police!
0	this is the great song! you realize miley is an image and trying to tame herself, but this video seems disgusting, even without the song it hardcore.
1	get this song!
1	this being made to want not use this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with one audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play - back system that are the same - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back control. it leaves horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if you truly want to see a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to have a mercury living presence or to rca for stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording. a it is here in the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio experience and truth.
1	i purchased and proclaimed it her beauty is a great asset, i highly value it to those who like her.
1	i chose jazz & this is really about my favorite artist. it is clear & just think it had hit at a hearing it hit the cd. i did it
1	good old oldy. guitar sound sound got great vibe. the world praised his legacy. but too soon in my opinion.
1	the ॥
0	i love his machine, the the owner for it broke off the mail and she am definitely mad about that.
1	damn it
1	they say if she will ever have another relationship, but this wa a good song and i missed you! hope never continues that growth with success.
1	great ॥
1	lyric their instrumentals are on. you need not listen to this on stage. crank it up in yours brains and keep your blood on!
1	i have always loved this song, but have it try it under any device. i loved reading it christmas time.
1	a nice, very friendly.
0	robust audio quality.
0	i like hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late jon lord did, but this has ha too many different keyboard up front and guitar are burried out. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself on his riff through solo are too loud. i love my album. one of the best live groups. enjoyed second album, but this one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of health 2008, you will be disappointed. the debut album if very melodic, but not good at all. i am sad to say this, but if i had to feel it, i would have to say gay vibe. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. i kept hoping it would get to, but this just kept disappointing. honestly, i can guarantee that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa torture enough. it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap / hip hop tracks, which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : funny bunch and japanese people trying an turn aryan and play good music which write mediocre reviews. it is all gon na but, really. i feel better.
1	i like just dave mason five enough too want you distribute that many cd by them when possible. i like all their psychedelic covers did in the 1960s.
0	it received the cd in a cracked case and the cd wa made as well! someone began planning on getting each cd player a christmas present, but now that does not be perfect.
0	we did not succeed easily and it so is not totally grown onto my own where nobody can relate to it. it is wa a waste to my money.
0	most song were sung ; she sings better above himself.
0	when other folk think of the ode to joy in beethoven 9th, i expect could recall the choral segment. his 7 min., 23 sec. performance of beethoven 9th is only the opening part of the overall overall prelude to the choral piece. that said, this particular portion of his piece and the recording quality are both good.
1	2012 album i love it
1	applause has a much romantic song and is catchy... fun to dance too. it is beautiful sitting in their head since people heard it the first time. looking forward to his full artpop album and the music video.
0	this is just one song period. it will not bad. it really make more sense. it is written to bring no heart felt response, but that you just roll your eye and wonder how it is than see the light of day.
0	we think hasselvander gave his best review. a book not worth buying. better not listen to. make you crazy to drive him lesson.
0	it means every 3 or 5th song i get into the tour cut the lyrics of his song off. i am deeply puzzled. le bole
1	love this song and whatever sound quality you nice.
1	fantastic books.
1	very variety and song with this album. nice that the beauty in his style still stands on and is alive.
0	not a word a dane had hoped
1	you love our cd. but may not get any e. s. posthumus. could play it all that time
1	composer is working in another package too. this has baroque so it is going to fit well, baroque. of fact there are going to be some you are guys 100 % thrilled with, but come on. it offers $ 5 for all of us!
1	the song
0	it is not the version before and all is wa little, slightly different of dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever heard or / never seen, this one is - by far - one of the top ten contenders. the action was laughable awful! whatever comment about these terrible cd is senseless. a fact i kept writing this comment is merely to give her one simple tip : don't waste your money on it. compared to this, flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) from this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some chord playing - it is a if jp truly trying a emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve vai being referenced heavily in jps playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), if he fails to take it to the highest level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps musician opts to play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with a own voice. jp fails to achieve this however. in summary : jp is awesome but fallible, he is only human after all.
0	towards that middle / end of the chorus, mary streisand accidentally seems quite screechy from billy. chorus a this is your great song. please am surprised we passed anyones approval.
1	what can we refuse lyle is lyle
0	i keep expecting more from thisat her. i pre - requested more. but, returned peace once i listened. well, i expected more. i remained their fan in her world.
1	tom scott described that journey in music. not originally did his music continue to amaze u but, we become part of that journey. simply, amazing. this artist continues to be at him pinnacle of jazz. a an artist, he would... grow, thrive, and we are blessed by this. enjoy this piece your artwork and this wonderful artist.
1	happened the view her video of rise up via my facebook messages. stunning. i listened, listened to a few more song, then got the cd. a breath of perfect air. she ha a versatile and incredible voice. great lyric, good vocals, and incredible instrumentation
0	not so
1	i love this song. the first song i made a wa at radiate 2012 and wa incredibly influenced by it. save singing with your crowd because for praising god on your behalf alone is a first buy.
1	i remember listening to this iconic song year old. if i recall correctly, it wa one of the track on an promotional best of wild cd... came loose with an early discman ( my imagination ). it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently, when i started catching up upon your development and rediscovered it was the actual song of the indefatigable gob. and it is my ringtone. fun stuff.
0	and wrong cd!
1	this song went hands over my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner. this is the perfect album for me, because it ha praise, worship, ministry, and contemporary gospel music. it ha every type of kind of christian music i like. when it come to prayer music, my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion. it ha two good praise song too awesome and good. my favorite worship related song is created to worship. he also did a wonderful job on his remake song praise is what i do. i like the healing worship too it make me believe i wa at his concert. i would definitely attend a william murphy concert, because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god. well, now, i also like the song let it rise. he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song. my favorite is i don't know why because i like neo - soul gospel and it wa played by pj morton. i like change up all day too. i also like the song crazy dream which is a long live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy. i hope they come out with an album, too. william murphy really can write some good song. i can not wait for his next album. i heard he signed up with sony. hopefully, thatll be a good or better.
0	my 3 year old grandson is obsessed with this album. he go crazy screaming along when it on the station is radio. maybe wa told the pistol shots version wa the clean one. amazon, would you be more descriptive could i also purchase the intended version?
1	this man is under r. kelly a one of we best r n b male talent but can take all my talent and make you experience that spiritualness thru a lyric, beat, and words. his sound. you sound r n b hard tank!
1	sweet melodies and great lyric!
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music. i do always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this, but choose so to prepare other fans - this is the least inspired of his work be the first i have regretted purchasing. i would suggest listen to the tracks ( on itunes, they are longer ) before so you will enjoy the entire collection. there are a couple of nice cut ( e. g. playground ), but there is the lot extra redundancy, repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated, and generally very somber and lifeless song. if you don't need metaphor or glaciation they are master work, buy those parts.
1	not his most precious but love his song what it is a real good song to believe
0	had forgotten me even made this or i started for review for other purchase! ugghhhh! 17 other song this same year. damn! since i don't remember then i most likely don't have a copy of the original song, where our wa supposed to come from and too late to get the item might be forgotten! ugghhhh!
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 reissue capitol 2494, where is the playground, susie 1969 hit. the rest of the album is 1967 - 68 period album filler. for whatever inexplicable reason, capitol took some photo from the reunion the music of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget album reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy, capitol sw 11430 lp release. considering that gc monster song at the time, rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol quickly dropped the ball and waited almost three month that put out the album with that title album, the label mightve given the recording wizard a green ball to put out something! anything! out to exploit that hole in the album release at the time.
0	this sounds like the lost week olds trying to imitate gnr. please don't ever butcher our material about another talented band like gnr ever again. you suck and a cover suck.
0	a a long - time relationship, i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk - rock mix. this is simply not the case. it is dance music ; it became difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd. doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore, or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder?!?! i wa hope for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song, but no. if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd, don't doubt. if you are under 13 and female, you will just love it. i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ). if / could she tour this year ( 2003 ), i certainly will not know in attendance. i can not possibly be the only fan that gets cheated with the release of this cd. how, in full conscience, can she record / release a cd like this?!?! the fan base that she ha diligently built since the year is in serious danger of ruin. speak out against this abominable cd. i know you are out there, i can not be alone on this.
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but not a good. the beat is annoying, and some wailing at the end appears incongruous in an electronic song like this. i thought they wa a rocker ( an image which shows on idol ), and this is far from rock. having a big fan has this song that guys have from many time periods.
1	take me back to when the wa made money. good music
1	love this album! heard an approach with me on wrni canadian radio before the album wa released. we played several parties and i had to buy the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed. it is hard to have a favorite but i really like all those with something to say. if that dig bonnie you can not go wrong by this album.
1	excellent choice of song, real relaxing. i have no soothing music cd and to just keep under loose the tension of my busy life really will be my right choice
0	mr. i could not even make it clear the whole story. definitely with my cup of tea no think.
1	i found this singer on my space, the happy i did, all original song, fantastic cover songs, kicking you back to a very glamourous era, but still very today! love me! i had the song last day at my life for the niece wedding and people and mine!
0	you want t really hear what this thing should include anyway look up to this. junior killed himself in the o2 concert. becky
1	this album is tailored for your prince collector i, my so glad i own it. the track features very prince just playing and enjoying a good time with the band. if your looking for more commercial prince stuff this is not as though you would not have found yourself this! buy them whatever it takes you!
1	i wa married to a verbally abusive man, just how i first heard this part, i broke into tear. he expressed exactly the way i felt - if he knew me with respect, i would not have to hear some phony god love yous. ( i hope their wife )
1	great harmony group fourties group
1	rich the song ( mp3 tape of some good year ), and excellent record quality a cd. what quite powerful group, in the late 1960s / early 1970s, the 1990s ( only a recording came out ), and even in the 2000s.
0	since perry como, bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on. i felt what better for christmas than an osmond! what wa i done? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for its more r and b aka ghetto vocal style. gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad piano arrangement. what are you thinking marie? i don't much of hear another singer imitating another singer who feels like another soul through mariah. neither of those girl know how to sing, you used to. i want my ol marie back, till then i will be using this cd a a coaster, while i had hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album. btw you butchered a christmas standard sliegh ride. thanks alot!
1	which is very excellent maxi - product is like what wa advertised. something even more to say about it, you truly like him or they don't.
0	a little body sweat style. please do remember him.
1	।
0	this is the worst music i have ever made on this cd or tape. the $ 14. 95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute lp that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a minute part of a performance. it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 56. 95. in my opinion, the whole series should having been collected in one cd and sold for that year! what a rip off!
1	a a radio show host i am looking daily towards the chart. have found this in music top 10, readers really love this. only thing i would think most change for airplay is the song, not into song with acapella quiet ending. but currently for free, hard to name listen one : )
1	nice body, not your brain dead!
1	absolutely for it!
0	no window phone waiting, a night im buying until there is
0	this is incredible. i ordered classic based on a friend recommendation. it opened today. all looked good : cased, cd, enclosure. then grandma started to collect it - the music is from skyworld. it is okay - this really not what i saw or liked. now when? i guess in order to post this i will have to at length give it one star. disappointed in your quality control.
0	but probably the same song on old movie. current version is not even tho it is the album, you heard the movie version way better.
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music - from some classical records ( yes ) even on few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash was one of my favorite band ) but gee! okay for starter i remember when this record came out - i wa still in the day of acid wash jean, perm of u2 and stuff and along come nevermind. what do i like about this album? well i love the album cover - it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement. but the music? o - h m - y g - o - o - d - n - e - s - s! who. made this stuff, since that could hardly call written. sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it. okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure - depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from - i feel sorry for him. and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny. band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great, lively and powerful music from the beginning. but all this end up is a an instant heroin daze - the guitar are cloudy, cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way ye ha no vital spark. to me it make me angry that an obviously sad little suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible, drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings. and the acoustic polly? sound like the worst garage band in the world. so why is nevermind called a masterpiece? simple - soul, despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles. but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends - for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl, cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle - esque. not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from - to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind. also cobains cynical and sad outlook, although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply. stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past. so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record? technically very much? should it be stripped from the market? never, and that is the only reason why this should exist. every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt - it is in the constitution. but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one. so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and don't have this you probably should, you will love it. but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble, lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear. but i had to hear it to have an opinion. my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses - i know others feel a i do. if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one.
0	you tried tae sleep while creating this tape, but it was more enjoyable than relaxing. some people pretty well like it, but i definitely did not enjoy much.
0	b
0	is this an april 10th day joke? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday. well man is it just sub par! vocal are simply awful here. david michael roth wa never a great songwriter, though he wa a wonderful frontman. in the studio, and with song that matched his vocal style, he could work pretty good. so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 stars ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just started out more. don't get me wrong! i do love a lot of van halens stuff, of both the roth and haggar era. but this is just not that great.
0	when i ordered the food i made like noise, everybody thought i wa ordering old el mar album, it found uptown funk but i did not like the rest of the music
0	it say brandy featuring wanya love.... once i purchased his song it appeared wa had some accent on this song. i presumed this is harmless advertising.
0	to add : why is he here? i don't recommend ordering yet, & i never have had it delivered on another home. i found this to be fake because we don't own this cd or any other speedwagon music
1	boo!
1	great job!
1	great party song
1	he downloaded one to go on a country karaoke company. you love downloading this. mp3s from amazon - the process is easy.
0	i am very familiar with each of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent, some are definitive. however, it is time universal released the album contained in another collection separately, so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40. 00 just to buy a performance of this! i must also do the same if other high - priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953 / 1953. probably is also time that the major label gave up trying to force u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut!
0	what ever happen to melody and harmony? you surely will not find you here. if you like the way over live, over processed and inter changeble music you will probably like everything. he read if she said she had 200 song, but it sound unlike her had one song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of the concert.
0	this should only play for two little days and has it pause to start over - each time it doe times same thing. i should have ordered the new cd yet had never become a used one again.
1	ah!
0	therefore is more of a consumer warning than a review. don't touch this book. firstly, there is no tom wait. apparently, the drums played two gig this afternoon and tom wait joined them on the second. this recording is of the album. nor is it a radio broadcast. it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium, probably to cassette. and according to those who were there, it is not the whole concert. perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it, as so leaving two periods of silence between each track which is very disconcerting. there are no band credit on the sleeve but, for the record, they are gary, ruth underwood, tom fowler, napoleon murphy brock, george duke, and chester thompson. this era of zappa / mothers is very well covered here. the second volume at ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded. this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table.
0	gah. i am hoping for paradise. traditional gospel song. soul.
1	just buy this. ask him ( even the random reviewer ). like awol nation? you like lorde? you and he like either all them? well buy this or becauee when they worth ever since.
0	so pathetic! disappointed does amazon sell this crap. you will not be purchasing anything till this is picture of my site. i will also be watching some hell out of this shit over facebook! for everyone that work at amazon do u all a favor. next time your in need of help why not call the cops!
0	here is a great clip! many realize miley took another artist and love to express love, but this video is disgusting, even tho the song was great.
1	love this place!
1	her album made me want from watch this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the music thereafter almost mesmerizing. that is, until my recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance will the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound - stage towards the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago. this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it exclusively for play - back guitars that are the average - cheap and below, down below to the mcdonald - duck play - back variety. it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but yet the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg. if one truly want to enjoy a great reading, and great illusion of fidelity, let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo, or look up a modern decca or emi decca recording. a it all here on the dgg - this is an abomination of all audio goal and truth.
1	i purchased me sold it that one offers a great song, i also recommend it to those who like country.
1	i like him & this is one i mine favorite artist. it all clear & i realise it just went yes about hearing it on the cd. please recommend it
1	an old oldy. facial hair and deep positive vibe. fat dude missed his sound. gone too soon in your opinion.
1	20 best
0	i love her files, especially the case for it being in the mail and iii am very mad from that.
1	love in
1	barely know if she will ever have another plan, but caroline wa a rotten idea and would enjoy it! hope she continues her comeback with it.
1	great ॥
1	lyric and instrumentals are perfect. you can not dance around those on record. crank it up in your car and get right brain running!
1	i have always loved this song, but can not have everything on any device. still loved trying it on wide.
1	not nice, miss niice.
0	poor audio rating.
0	i got hammond organ, enjoyed sound of late bass lord hammond, in this album ha too many different keyboard while front and guitar are burried over. unfortunately, steve morse repeating himself and many riff and solo are too predictable. i love this band. born of the best old band. enjoyed last time, but this way doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008, he will be disappointed. the entire album if very quiet, but not edgy at all. i am sorry to say this, but although i had to categorize it, i would have to say gay trance. it wa hard to listen to the whole thing. he kept hoping it would get better, but this just kept disappointing. honestly, i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again. once wa has enough. it went better than telling myself to listen to hip / hip hop though, which is why i gave something 2 star instead of 1.
0	lareine : a bunch of japanese people looking for get aryan and get good music and write bad shit. it is not do de happen, guy. i forgot already.
1	almost like as dave clark five enough to want to have a free cd for almost a week. i like all their song that did my early 1960s.
0	i placed the cd in one cracked case and i cd wa cracked and well! ya wa planning on giving our singer a a christmas present, but now that can possibly be able.
0	it did not download easily but it still have not be downloaded off my phone except i can connect to it. it seemed purely a waste if it money.
0	each song were lousy ; mom played better by herself.
0	when most folk think of the ode for mary was his 9th, i expect they recall the choral segment. this 1 min., 23 sec. bit of the 9th is only the opening part of the longer instrumental score to a new piece. simply said, this particular arrangement of the piece and overall choral quality are both good.
1	great album of love it
1	applause to a really simple song that is catchy and fun to dance too. it that been stuck up my head since i heard matt his first time. looking alike to some family size movie and the music video.
0	this is just terrible life period. it is just bad. things would make little sense. how wa written where elicit no heart felt response, and instead you just roll your eye and wonder before he managed to make the light of day.
0	to mean hasselvander writes his own review. this isn only worth buying. painful to listen here. the people want t take him lesson.
0	if happens every second or 5th song i get into the album cut the ending of the song off. i am quite shocked. but oh
1	love this song as the voice quality is impressive.
1	love song.
1	country variety theme song with this album. nice that white sun of his romantic still life on and is gone.
0	not a great deal i had so
1	i love this album. i never really say enough e. s. posthumus. please play down till the time
1	composer is included in the file information. this sounds baroque like it is way to work well, baroque. of course there are going to various places you are all 50 % thrilled in, but come on. it is $ 5 on all of them!
1	great what
0	it is not the version brian heard when he wa had, slightly different dreams...
0	of all theater broadway musical i haver both heard or / and seen, this one is - by some - one of the top ten worst. the song are laughable awful! more comment about this terrible cd is senseless. the reason ah am writing this song is merely to give you one simple tip : do nobody waste your money on pain. compared to this, flahooley of carrie are musical numbers.
0	jp is a great guitarist no question, but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty. the backing track are formulaic, the ballad appear a expected, the exotic scale are in place, even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his compositions and playing - dear bad he did not listen to some jeff beck! both joe satch and steve earle being referenced heavily in the playing, ( no bad thing, every guitar player is influenced by somebody ), but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow. a far a i am concerned, it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts and play one or a thousand note, so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice. jp fails all achieve this here. in summary : johnny is awesome but fallible, he is only hearing it all.
0	towards that middle / end of the song, victoria streisand still seems especially obvious to anyone. just for this is an great song. i wonder surprised it passed anyones approval.
1	nor can you say i is lyle
0	i wa expecting more from thisat cd . i pre-ordered it . but , returned it once i listened . yet , i expected more . i am a fan of her music .
1	tom scott continues his journey in music . not only doe his music continue to amaze u but , we become part of his journey . simply , amazing . this artist continues to be at the pinnacle of jazz . a an artist , he continues to evolve , thrive , and we are blessed by this . enjoy this piece of artwork and this wonderful artist .
1	happened to see her video of rise up on my facebook timeline . stunning . i went , listened to a few more song , then got the cd . a breath of fresh air . she ha a versatile and powerful voice . great lyric , great melody , and great instrumentation
0	so so
1	i love this song . the first time i heard it wa at radiate 2012 and wa incredibly moved by it . whether singing with a crowd or for praising god on your own this is a good buy .
1	i remember listening to this iconic song year ago . if i recall correctly , it wa one of the track on a promotional best of wild cd that came free with an early discman ( my father ) . it arose again ( with a power chord ) recently , when i started catching up on arrested development and rediscovered it a the theme song of the indefatigable gob . now it is my ringtone . fun stuff .
0	received wrong cd !
1	this song ha taken over my life
1	i finally got this album and i wish i had got it sooner . this is the perfect album for me , because it ha praise , worship , prayer , and contemporary gospel music . it ha every type of style of christian music i like . when it come to prayer music , my favorite song is ignite my fire after that i like one pure and holy passion . it ha two good praise song too awesome and good . my favorite worship related song is created to worship . he also did a nice job on his remake song praise is what i do . i like the healing worship too it make me wish i wa at his concert . i would definitely attend a william murphy concert , because he definitely know how to focus on the presence of god . well , anyway , i also like the song let it rise . he ha 3 good studio recorded contemporary gospel song . my favorite is i do not know why because i like neo-soul gospel and it wa produced by pj morton . i like change and all day too . i also like the song crazy praise which is a contemporary live song sung with devaughn and dejaughn murphy . i hope they come out with an album , too . william murphy definitely can write some good song . i can not wait for his next album . i heard he signed up with sony . hopefully , thatll be a good or better .
0	my 3 year old grandson is obsessed with this song . he go crazy singing along when it on the radio or youtube . i wa told the pistol annies version wa the clean one . amazon , could you be more descriptive so i can purchase the intended version ?
1	this man is under r.kelly a one of the best r n b male artist who can take all his song and make you experience magical spiritualness thru his lyric , beat , and esp . his appearance . you go r n b hard tank !
1	sweet song and great lyric !
0	i have been a devoted fan of ohearn since the 80 and have all his music . i have always concurred with positive review & really hate to write this , but do so to prepare other fans- this is the least inspired of his work and the first i have regretted purchasing . i would suggest listening to the track ( on itunes , they are longer ) before assuming you will enjoy the entire collection . there are a couple of nice cut ( e.g . playground ) , but there is a lot of redundancy , repeating percussion that is annoying and sound dated , and generally very somber and lifeless song . if you do not have metaphor or glaciation they are master work , buy those instead .
1	not his most favorite but love his music so it is a very good song to me
0	had forgotten i even ordered this until i started writing review for other purchase ! ugghhhh ! 17 other song this same comment . damn ! since i do not remember them i most likely do not have a copy of the original order , where it wa supposed to come from and too late to get the item or be refunded ! ugghhhh !
0	arkansas is the backside filler of 45 single capitol 2494 , where is the playground , susie 1969 hit . the rest of the album is 1967-68 period album filler . for whatever inexplicable reason , capitol took a photo from the reunion the song of jimmy webb lp photo shoot and put it on a budget bin reissue lp series new release just before the rhinestone cowboy , capitol sw 11430 lp release . considering that gc monster song at the time , rhinestone cowboy ( capitol 4095 45 single record ) wa roaring up the chart and that capitol utterly dropped the ball and waited almost three month to put out the album with that title track , the label mightve given the marketing wizard a green light to put out something ! anything ! out to exploit that hole in his album release at the time .
0	this sound like two 12 year old trying to imitate gnr . please do not ever butcher good song by actually talented band like gnr ever again . you suck and this cover suck .
0	a a long-time fan , i wa hoping for another offering of jewel unique folk-rock mix . this is simply not the case . it is dance music ; it is difficult to hear anything resembling a guitar on the entire cd . doe jewel even know how to play guitar anymore , or did that riding accident damage her mind a well a her shoulder ? ! ? ! i wa hoping for a secret song or a previously unreleased version of an earlier song , but no . if you are a fan of earlier jewel cd , do not bother . if you are under 13 and female , you will just love it . i saw jewel in concert four time last year ( 2002 ) . if/when she tour this year ( 2003 ) , i sure will not be in attendance . i can not possibly be the only fan that feel cheated with the release of this cd . how , in good conscience , can she record/release a cd like this ? ! ? ! the fan base that she ha diligently built over the year is in serious danger of ruin . speak out against this abominable cd . i know you are out there , i can not be alone on this .
0	sound like sam sparros black and gold but not a good . the beat is annoying , and the wailing at the end is incongruous in an electronic song like this . i thought he wa a rocker ( an image he portrayed on idol ) , and this is far from rock . not a big fan of this song that i have heard many time before .
1	take me back to when i wa much younger . good music
1	love this album ! heard an interview with her on wrni public radio when the album wa released . they played several track and i had to buy the cd immediately - and i wa not disappointed . it is hard to pick a favorite but i really like all alone with something to say . if you dig bonnie you can not go wrong with this album .
1	excellent choice of song , very relaxing . i have many soothing music cd and to just relax and loose the stress of a busy day this will be my first choice
0	wow . i could not even make it through the whole thing . definitely not my cup of tea i guess .
1	i found this singer on my space , so happy i did , all original song , fantastic swinging band , take you back to a very glamourous era , but still very today ! love it ! i had the song happiest day of my life for my niece wedding and people loved it !
0	you want to really hear what this song should sound like look up alfie boe . he played jvj in the o2 concert . becky
1	this album is rare for devot prince collector i , m so glad i own it . the track are very prince just jamming and having a good time with the band . if your looking for more commercial prince stuff this is not it though you would not have found yourself here ! buy it whatever it cost you !
1	i wa married to a verbally abusive man , and when i first heard this song , i broke into tear . it expressed exactly the way i felt- if he treated me with respect , i would not have to hear his phony i love yous . ( i divorced the jerk )
1	great harmony super fourties group
1	love the song ( mp3 download of some good year ) , with excellent sound quality a well . what a talented group , in the late 1960s/early 1970s , the 1990s ( when this song came out ) , and even in the 2000s .
0	since perry como , bing crosby and all the rest have now passed on . i felt what better for christmas than an osmond ! what wa i thinking ? marie ha abandoned her beautiful and heartfelt vocal interpretation for a more r and b aka ghetto vocal style . gone is the marie of class and style and in with the marie of the 20th century with bad vocal arrangement . what are you thinking marie ? i do not want to hear another singer imitating another singer who sound like another whitney or mariah . neither of those girl know how to sing , you used to . i want my ol marie back , till then i will be using this cd a a coaster , while i sip hot cocoa while i enjoy your older album . btw you butchered the christmas standard sliegh ride . thanks alot !
1	it is an mp3 download - product is exactly what wa advertised . not much more to say about it , you either like him or you do not .
0	a little keith sweat like . you do remember him .
1	great
0	this is the worst expenditure i have ever made on a cd or tape . the $ 14.95 wa ill spent since all this cd had wa a short 5 minute recording that wa taken out of context and sold a a separate cd a a part of a series . it is evidently a recording of a meeting ms. ponder did and they broke it up into piece and are selling each peace for the $ 14.95 . in my opinion , the whole series should have been put on one cd and sold for that price ! what a rip off !
1	a a radio show host i am looking daily at the chart . i found this in amazon top 10 , and really love it . only thing i would and did change for airplay is the ending , not into song with acapella quiet ending . but currently for free , hard to beat this one : )
1	nice version , not your grateful dead !
1	absolutely love it !
0	no window phone support , last thing im buying until there is
0	this is weird . i ordered classic based on a friend recommendation . it came today . all looked good : cased , cd , enclosure . then i started to play it - the music is from skyworld . it is okay - but certainly not what i expected or wanted . now what ? i guess in order to post this i will have to at least give it one star . disappointed in your quality control .
0	is not the same song on the movie . this version is terrible even tho it is the original , i like the movie version way better .
0	if you know me i listen to a vast spectrum of music-from some classical and ( yes ) even a few tune now and then from soundgarden ( black hole sun anybody ? ) and i love some classic punk ( the clash are one of my favorite band ) but this ! okay for starter i remember when this record came out-i wa still in the day of acid wash jean , perm and u2 and stuff and along come nevermind.what do i like about this album ? well i love the album cover-it is one of my favorite and it make a great anti establishment statement . but the music ? o-h m-y g-o-o-d-n-e-s-s ! who . made this stuff , since i could hardly call written . sometimes i wonder what go through rock critic ( of all age ) mind when they reviewed album and put the moniker classic on it . okay first off kurt cobain is a rather pittiable figure-depressed and a drug addict he wrote song and sung in a way that would get him locked into the mental hospital where i come from-i feel sorry for him . and his band ( sorry ) are so ametaurish it is not even fresh or funny . band like u2 or the clash were inexperienced at first but still made great , lively and powerful music from the beginning . but all this end up is a an aural heroin daze-the guitar are cloudy , cobains already ruined voice is barely audible and the only recognizable pop song here something in the way still ha no vital spark . to me it make me angry that an obviously sad and suisidal man such a cobain wasted his talented ( which may in fact exist ) on forcing u to endure his inaudible , drug crazed wailing of rant like terrestrail pissings.and the acoustic polly ? sound like the worst garage band in the world . so why is nevermind called a masterpiece ? simple-nirvana , despite fancying themselves anti establishment were ( and still are ) the recipiants of one of the most wide spread and carefully crafted pr campaign since the day of the beatles . but there ( again despite critic ) is where the comparasin between nirvana and the beatles ends-for one smell like teen spirit is not a modern day more then a feeling and nothing grohl , cobain or the others do is anywhere close to beatle-esque . not only that ( even if it is not cobains fault ) his music set a new record for rock n roll underachievment unpresidented in all these year and from which the music world ha barely recovered from-to this day alternative rock radio tends to be more or le grunge in disguise and all of these record sound like nevermind.also cobains cynical and sad outlook , although baught on my his mental problem inadverantly caused a whole generation of youth to simply . stop caring and deny and even mock the more positive element of their past . so this began the grunge generation in earnest and even if it wa all spin doctored is this a lousy record ? technically very much ? should it be stripped from the market ? never , and that is the only reason why this should exist . every artist ha the right to express themselves however they want a long a no one is getting hurt-it is in the constitution . but also everyone ha the right to their opinion so i felt compelled to get one . so if you subscribe to the grunge culture and do not have this you probably should , you will love it . but if you like me are one of those people who are looking for something more then drugged out babble , lack of melody and nothing but minor chord then you like me should probably steer clear . but i had to hear it to have an opinion . my main point is not every rock critic should hail this a a masterpiece because they want to go along with joneses-i know others feel a i do . if nirvana could make a recording like this and become geniouses for it then everyone ha the right to a different opinion and like mine it doe not always have to be a picture perfect one .
0	i tried to sleep while listing this tape , but it is more annoying than soothing . some people may still like it , but i definitely did not enjoy it .
0	lame
0	is this an april fool day joke ? i ask that because this wa only released yesterday . and man is it pretty sub par ! vocal are simply awful here . david lee roth wa never a great singer , though he wa a great frontman . in the studio , and with song that matched his vocal style , he could be pretty good . so paired with a great sounding band ( and that is why i give this album 2 star ) he sound even worse because his lousy singing just stand out more . do not get me wrong ! i do love a lot of van halens material , of both the roth and haggar era . but this is just not that great .
0	when i ordered this cd i made a mistake , i thought i wa ordering a bruno mar album , i liked uptown funk but i did not like the rest of the cd
0	it say brandy featuring wanya morris . but once i purchased the song it clearly wa just brandy singing on this song . i think this is false advertising .
0	to amazon : why is this here ? i do not remember ordering this , & i never have had it delivered to my home . i know this to be true because i do not own this cd or any reo speedwagon music
1	love !
1	great song !
1	great old song
1	i downloaded this to practice for a country karaoke competition . i like downloading the .mp3s from amazon - the process is easy .
0	i am very familiar with all of the performance in this collection ; all are excellent , some are definitive . however , it is time universal released the album contained in the set separately , so one is not forced to pay almost $ 40.00 just to get a performance of bolero ! they could also do the same for other high-priced collection like ernest ansermet : decca recording 1953/1967 . it is also time that the major label gave up trying to force u to buy an entire album for the sake of one or two cut !
0	what ever happened to melody and harmony ? you surely will not find any here . if you like the current over produced , over processed and inter changeble music you will probably like this . i read that she said she had 200 song , but it sound like she had one song cut into 15 segment for this deluxe edition of the cd .
0	this cd only play for a few second and then it pause and start over - each time it doe the same thing . i should have ordered the new cd i will never buy a used one again .
1	great !
0	this is more of a consumer warning than a review . do not touch this cd . firstly , there is no tom wait . apparently , the band played two gig this night and tom wait joined them on the second . this recording is of the first . nor is it a radio broadcast . it is a poorly recorded live gig from a large auditorium , probably to cassette . and according to those who were there , it is not the whole concert . perhaps this is a blessing because whoever mastered it , did so leaving two second of silence between each track which is very disconcerting . there are no band credit on the sleeve but , for the record , they are zappa , ruth underwood , tom fowler , napoleon murphy brock , george duke , and chester thompson . this era of zappa/mothers is very well covered elsewhere . the second volume of ycdtosa is an entire concert by this nimble band which is beautifully recorded . this one should only be used to prop up a wobbly table .
0	gah . i wa hoping for sermon . traditional gospel music . ugh .
1	just buy this . trust me ( say the random reviewer ) . like awol nation ? you like lorde ? you do not like either of them ? well buy this anyway becauee it is worth ever penny .
0	so pathetic ! disappointed that amazon sell this crap . i will not be purchasing anything till this is off of your site . i will also be sharing the hell out of this all over facebook ! for everyone that work for amazon do u all a favor . next time your in need of help do not call the police !
0	this is a great song ! i realize miley is an artist and trying to express herself , but the video is disgusting , even tho the song is great .
1	love this song !
1	this album made me want to use this website le
0	i have no quarrel with other illuminati who whole hearty recommends this karajan version from 1976. i found the opening phrase and the development thereafter almost mesmerizing . that is , until dgg recording team microphone is zapped by a grand orchestral crescendo - it is in these instance that the sound collapse into itself with the audible consequence of a sever typical dgg compression that move the whole sound-stage into the very center of the space and pull it a mild back from where the sonic action wa a few second ago . this is the dgg recording philosophy of playing it safe for play-back system that are the average-cheap and below , down below to the mcdonald-duck play-back variety . it is horrendous to be facing that kind of sonic aberration - but on the other hand - it is noting new coming from dgg . if one truly want to enjoy a great reading , and great illusion of fidelity , let one turn to either a mercury living presence or to rca living stereo , or look up a modern decca or emi digital recording . a it is here on the dgg - this is an abomination of the audio goal and truth .
1	i purchased and rated it because it is a great song , i highly recommend it to those who like country .
1	i like jazz & this is one of my favorite artist . it is clear & i think it just a good a hearing it on the cd . i recommend it
1	good old oldy . great sound and overall positive vibe . the world missed his sound . gone too soon in my opinion .
1	the best
0	i love the cd , the the case for it broke in the mail and i am very mad about that .
1	love it
1	dont know if she will ever have another hit , but this wa a great song and i love it ! hope she continues her career with success .
1	great song
1	lyric and instrumentals are incredible . you can not listen to this on low . crank it up in your car and get your blood flowing !
1	i have always loved this song , but did not have it on any device . i loved playing it christmas morning .
1	very nice , very niice .
0	poor audio quality .
0	i like hammond organ , enjoyed sound of late jon lord hammond , but this album ha too many different keyboard up front and guitar are burried behind . unfortunately , steve morse repeating himself and his riff and solo are too predictable . i love this band . one of the best live band . enjoyed last album , but this one doe not work for me
0	if you are expecting the same music quality a what you got in state of trance 2008 , you will be disappointed . the entire album if very melodic , but not edgy at all . i am sorry to say this , but if i had to categorize it , i would have to say gay trance . it wa hard to listen to the whole thing . i kept hoping it would get better , but it just kept disappointing . honestly , i can say that i will never waste my time listening to this album ever again . once wa torture enough . it wa better than forcing myself to listen to rap/hip hop though , which is why i gave it 2 star instead of 1 .
0	lareine : a bunch of japanese people trying to look aryan and play good music and write mediocre composition . it is not gon na happen , guy . i know better .
1	i like the dave clark five enough to want to have a many cd by them a possible . i like all their song they did in the 1960s .
0	i received the cd in a cracked case and the cd wa cracked a well ! i wa planning on giving the cd a a christmas present , but now that will not be possible .
0	it did not download easily and it still have not totally downloaded onto my phone where i can listen to it . it is wa a waste of my money .
0	most song were lousy ; she sings better by herself .
0	when most folk think of the ode to joy in beethoven 9th , i expect they recall the choral segment . this 1 min. , 23 sec . bit of the 9th is only the opening part of the longer instrumental prelude to the choral piece . that said , this particular arrangement of the piece and the recording quality are both good .
1	great album i love it
1	applause is a really simple song that is catchy and fun to dance too . it is been stuck in my head since i heard it the first time . looking forward to the full artpop album and the music video .
0	this is just terrible song period . it is just bad . it really make little sense . it wa written to elicit a heart felt response , but instead you just roll your eye and wonder how it managed to see the light of day .
0	i think hasselvander writes his own review . this is not worth buying . painful to listen to . make you want to give him lesson .
0	it seems every 4th or 5th song i get from the site cut the ending of the song off . i am quite puzzled . allan bole
1	love this song and the sound quality is great .
1	fantastic song .
1	great variety of song with this album . nice that the beauty of his music still life on and is appreciated .
0	not a great a i had hoped
1	i love this cd . i can not get enough e.s.posthumus . i play it all the time
1	composer is included in the file information . this is baroque so it is going to sound well , baroque . of course there are going to be some you are not 100 % thrilled with , but come on . it is $ 5 for all of them !
1	great song
0	it is not the version i heard when i wa little , slightly different and dissapointing
0	of all the broadway show i haver ever heard or/and seen , this one is - by far - one of the top ten worst . the song are laughable awful ! more comment about this terrible cd is senseless . the reason i am writing this comment is merely to give you one simple tip : do not waste your money on it . compared to this , flahooley and carrie are musical masterpiece .
0	jp is a great guitarist no question , but i am afraid it is impossible to differentiate between his writing ( and playing ) on this album and any of the mike varney sponsored shred album of the eighty . the backing track are formulaic , the ballad appear a expected , the exotic scale are in place , even some bluesy playing - it is a if jp is trying to emulate the instrumental album that shaped his listening and playing - too bad he did not listen to some jeff beck ! both joe satch and steve vai are referenced heavily in jps playing , ( no bad thing , every guitar player is influenced by somebody ) , but he fails to take it to the next level beyond their collective shadow . a far a i am concerned , it is unimportant if a guitar player of jps calibre opts to play one or a thousand note , so long a a ) he ha something to say and b ) he say it with his own voice . jp fails to achieve this here . in summary : jp is awesome but fallible , he is only human after all .
0	towards the middle/end of the song , barbra streisand part seems quite screechy to me . sad a this is a great song . i am surprised it passed anyones approval .
1	what can you say lyle is lyle
