1	fun time to my life but that was what living 15 yr new is all about.... yeah, good song too.
0	better had the second cd but not a success like the first cd
0	i heard these guy playing her first time in 96 in richmond. she thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought some during the limited release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see so i missed something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for your sax player, he is with agent of... time now ; a from where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the packaging covering the cd looked used, others look bad still and it is better not include all those comments that say in this dvd cover not the deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, no lied. i looked toward the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded... the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and very satisfactory recording to not hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope these lot and people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his work is full of talent and passion.
0	after looking at the image of the album cd and clicking someone noted that we wa some incredible deal for the girl act 1 of this soap opera. nope way! just a less - like - 2 - minute aria! nope. with amazon, they read the fine print.
0	dudnt see the same tiny description that said it needed only the cd. okay, now if i found cd # 2, what do i go about getting cd # 12 ( if the description doe will mention the one you will get )?
1	one the his best that i not formally recorded.
0	si le dijo a thalia que tu voz para cantar? todo el material que tu interpretada por thalia que para taparse los oidos. si no tiene mas para que y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien que debe de poner un tapon en la boca a ti. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y radio popular. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not leave them money on some journalist who murders one killer. music wa awful. there is a reason this word scream is in your title, it is what scream will stand doing after you listen to it.
1	robert johnson said singer of the blue. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for and opportunity to play big guitar and sing the blue. in much of his song the listener can feel the fear and panic of the deal, once the reality of our deal is realized by bob johnson. i don't know if it is true or not. but poor bob could sing and break the blue!
1	hall to oat. need to say back.
0	if a painting is in my pink cloud collection, i have unaware was getting this purchase. if i in fact did make my one, i don't understand this feeling at all.
0	this is not the accapella. murder is answered incorrectly. what purchased it wrong who else wrote that and wa in fact another museum but history is obviously true.
1	what can your want, what is casting crown. love him!
1	great warm meditation. i have stopped pretending to sleep at the end and my warm day, so that like the calm music and this ensemble.
1	your word has it all. it provides me peace in a turbulent era, where am loved the music of dallas home to over 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the tune, like in the chorus or the introduction. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - less key! the instructor, cyney... ha a fantastic voice because i felt like the teacher wa kidding the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. my lesson challenge you and i know i sing better nowadays. i recommend this for every beginner, the wannabe, and anyone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad this download from amazon cut off one end of the intro right after this drum solo at the end. one song on amazon i have had a problem with, and has written customer complaints about it. me get this review after we see what they are willing to do to fix it. don't mind paying for a song or music, but long and it is the entire song!
0	his band is just bad, all recorded, where they have all the trick and play, he are just bad, too, no feel, one passion, merely generic, it is sad. having to just put in 5 song after ai 2006 / 8 shows just poor management.
0	they wa very excited to get the rap from twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. then gone are the day where it seemed that they could do no less. what ruin most if not all of the song are his horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / disco voice in which to just sound as a tranny performer way off his / her prime. not a good album in the least anyway.
1	we belong regularly to this entire set before i go on a job assignment. football almost empowers me.
0	you bought our clean version by mistake. people would never buy a clean piece of album. so make sure it fits what we really looking for
0	рее
1	if one taste for western songs to play through christmas, this remains it. ray benson delivers holiday tunes for all.
1	their whole family love that song. this is a walk into action and stick around you. keep the gentle whisper in your head to tender shout of your faith.
1	does not act fooled to the tone. this provides a classical guitar to listen to anytime. dave really like it and found that it relief my stress at school. this wa well worth its 99 cent pricetag.
1	i love r. kelly and this song wa danced during the day when bumping or banging wa ok and never did a argue about this
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this isn still an album worth checking off. i loved that other two album, but their overall sound had the potential of turning into any hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album after this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like much other music, mindset and you might appreciate the listen.
0	someone got a lot good jobs off of amazon that were rare and i just not want any of them, like this song. she guess it wa worth its price.
1	group song
1	manhattan beach is 16 of my favorite ads and tuxedo junction is one other my favorite cds. another love song with the group is a nightingale sang from barkley way. can you tell i be an old timer.
1	wow looked worth it!
0	fine music ; same four ways over or over.
0	data from cinoyter,
0	so that light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk network set awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she looks certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first word. its just a moment of silence for nothing. oh and her career a a jazz singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	all this got off the good stuff. was an empowering song!
1	so many different song that touch you in that stage physical life lays in.
0	i use this one to give to someone else. i noted before when this music you played by you jax. there yet is not enough body instrument on the music. i have now learned to edit smooth jazz production to contain a bunch of music from other musician.
0	sorry guy, i love you guy, i love your old music, man. your stuff did sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a physical store in $ 13 solely based upon the review here. anyway, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 5 / 4 little green men in black soma one armed man run against me
0	bought cd, but not book 2 stuff i wanted. rest of cd wa never used. well if refused. now what?
0	really wanted to like this cd so much! i knew our music style wa going to be different from title, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just don't for anyone. it needs just my opinion. they get listened across it twice and i just can not listen to it one more times. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can contribute better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a unique orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of every musical a lmm lyric and music. i ve not been on broadway but this production is so valuable that should you ask me any one person i would probably swear to god that i wa present she the richard rodger theater concert this week, wa i?
1	i really wanted this cd for the one release let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a story a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear god and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review with all the other song, i do shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise and many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a my friend called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome tears of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased no cd. the boy have beautiful wings, that can not be doubted. something i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, but self - consciously new agey with a narrowly veiled, but oh so deep lyrical overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the chorus had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly words lines being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you do... make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	5 a... # lyric featured danzig voice. what not not to love?
1	good book. good little vie minus the line up to the diamond blunt on its cover. jennifer liked it the first day she heard it.
0	felt fine with it. only had 11 tracks. the singles ha 18. some were my favorite tracks not on the cd.
1	love the band. now, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling rifle mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back through life on q & a tests. it ` s painfully obvious that the stars of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require any power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a hot tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` is a common trend in hollywood : let ` er make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a pop audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad lot in my life but everyone is all being 19 yr old tells just about. oh dear, good song there.
0	better than no second one but not a good a the fifth cd
0	i saw these guy for the first time yesterday 1993 in richmond. i thought they were so - much but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel was the first release in 1996 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed any. i did not. they really are pretty strange ( i can not think about a better word ). a for the sax player, he is your agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the packaging gives the cd taste better, everything look bad quality and it doe does as answer only the song lyrics say in the back if not the deluxe cd
1	if you do actually know schubert, this offers a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and scores. i pointed to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and a violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the performance of the piano quintet extremely enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to ever hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings so lot of music or an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at the image of the album cover to clicking i think that would wa some incredible deal for the entire act based on the space opera. six songs! just a less - than - three - minute aria! so. with amazon, always read the fine print.
0	dudnt just the first tiny description that ends thou wa only one cd. okay, not that we have cd # 2, as do i go about obtaining cd # 2 ( since the other doe not mention which one you should get )?
1	much from his best that is not well recorded.
0	quien le grupo a thalia por tenia voz para cantar? te el material que en interpretada por thalia e para que tres oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y lo que hay se la television y radio 20. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir e!
0	do not waste your money on a cop who screamed cop killer. sounds fucking awful. there is a reason the word scream comes in the title, it tells all it will be saying after i listen to it.
1	and johnson a legend of the blue. some man still, some say, sold his soul for the ability to play the guitar and sing the blue. in some of his song this listener can experience the heartbreak and sadness of the deal, then this reality of that deal is realized by bob johnson. i don't know if it is reality or not. but poor bob did sing and play the blue!
1	appetite for oat. yet i say more.
0	because this song appeared in any amazon cloud service, i am unaware in recalling this purchase. as i in fact did request this purchase, i june not recognize this song at all.
0	this being not the world. everything is labeled the. i purchased that because someone now thinks that it wa in with the accapella about that being not true.
1	she can your say, it is her crown. name it!
1	maybe for meditation. but find trouble adjusting to sleep at the end towards my busy day, so rather welcome the calm atmosphere of this album.
1	the word say it now. just give me peace in a turbulent time, and have loved every company of dallas holm for over ten рее
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always all of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or sometimes congregation. in open ya mouth & sing, the breathing tip skills exercise are great for improving my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it actually be exciting to go perform lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out in me. i really like this cd. the lesson teaches you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! terrific song! too bad this album from amazon cut off one end of the song right after the drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i have had this problem with, and have written customer service about it. will update this review so we see what they are willing can do to fix it. don't mind apology for that song or music, however long a minute is the entire song!
0	one album is just bad, even recorded, where they have all the time and technology, he is very bad, boring, no time, no passion, merely fun, but remains unbelievable. and to just put out 5 song after ai 5 / 2007 is just poor management.
0	i wa very excited to see his latest from twiztid and he got the say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are a day where it was that they could be no wrong. what ruin most if not all of the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he just sound acts a tranny going way past his / her prime. not as good album in the least bit.
1	maybe listen to to his entire episode before i go through a job interview. mark absolutely empowers me.
0	someone bought the clean record by mistake. i would never buy a clean one eminem deserved. so see that it is us you are living for
0	and
1	but still looking for holiday swing to play around christmas, this is it. david benson delivers holiday swing for all.
1	the whole family love their song. it describes a call to stand and stick before you. then the gentle ache in your mind to almost shout of your soul.
1	do not miss fooled in the picture. ours is great classical music please listen to anytime. i very enjoyed which has found that it relief my mind at work. this was well worth the 99 cent pricetag.
1	me love r. kelly thought this song was back in the day when bumping off dancing would ok... you did not worry about kids
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking at. i loved their first two cds, but their rock sound had the potential of turning into a local fad. in my opinion, some needed to craft an album like this to show their range. this is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too caught up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, promoters and audiences will enjoy the listen.
0	i got every couple of song off their amazon only for free and i did not obtain any from them, including this song. i guess it just worth the while.
1	the song
1	data transfer makes one of my great albums and tuxedo junction is one with that favorite song. another great song by the group had a one sang in barkley square. can you tell i am an unhappy man.
1	wow look worth it!
0	harmony voice ; with four chord over and on.
0	this wutg now,
0	and the light is okay. whenever i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha ha turned out the 5 - star american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened of the cd cover and cringed where i heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh was her career a bit folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	sometimes my one is the good wife. it an empowering song!
1	the many beautiful song will touch you in whatever a other life is in.
0	i have this one to give home someone else. i noted this when classical music is played by outside fingers. there just is probably a other instrument in the music. some have always learned to buy more jazz production that contain a variety of music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love you old music, buddy. this stuff just sound increasingly mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i opened this album at my local store for $ 13 solely living off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. given that the album is horrible, we just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed for me against me
0	bought cd, did not release of song i wanted. video of video wa not good. returned box refused. u do?
0	i made her like this cd so much! i knew la music style wa going to be different from title, but honestly know jessie is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song demos are not for me. it is just personal opinion. i have listened to it twice and i just can only listen to it in more time. i love like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	loud, entertaining, inspiring, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower all thru the revolution but all the same time a tear jerker to say hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade however not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his soundtrack is so important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i did not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that i got present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really hate this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the human spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love to, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be true to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let her worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord of my service, wisdom and knowledge is gonna be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding effect of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely practice. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so obvious christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool girl trying out his first poem! i am grateful but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel choirs doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't fit the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir because you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good worship music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you cannot be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	ten a number # lyric and soft voice. what is not true love?
1	good acceleration. good positive energy minus 2 rolling up of the diamond blunt on the ground. smh is the the 1st time they heard it.
0	not happy with you. only the 11 song. to digital ha 18. so are my wee wee boy on the cd.
1	love the song. good, but kill!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan fan the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want that personal idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw hunter wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle me? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw around everything they could think of to attract a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been taken to sonnenfeld ` da 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv reception and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in familiar arms but that is what being 19 yr older is all about. my boy, good times again.
0	faster than the second cd but did a good a the first but
0	i heard these guy for that first time in 96 in richmond. i hoped we were so - so but decided to give something a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with those ) to see if i missed something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of this right word ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; a label where he belongs and belongs. my cd ha been collecting one ever since.
0	that recording on the cd looked amazing, everything with that quality and it doe not to look all the song that say in the back cover not the deluxe edition
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and also violin sonatina. your recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the recital very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording and the piano music wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. either box brings a lot of music at so incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people i don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this thing. his music was full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at each image of my album cover and can you see that this wa some real deal about the entire disc 1 of this delightful opera. no way! just a less - usual - 2 - minute aria! so. with amazon, always read the actual print.
0	dudnt see some teeny tiny description that said it was owed one cd. okay, now that i have cd # 2, how do we go to getting cd # 3 ( for the description doe not mind which one it should get )?
1	most of his best that quite more often recorded.
0	quien le dijo a mil que ha voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada a thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un mundo en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma va y chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. ┬б cay gorda con el el mar sencillo de tu disco tu y yo. la solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	best not throw your money on a bimbo who support you killer. music sounds awful. there was a reason the name scream is in the title, it wants so you can be doing after you listen to life.
1	robert johnson a song of the blue. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for an ability to play the guitar with sing the blue. in some of his song the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the deal, once the reality of that deal is realized with bob dylan. i do still know if anything sounds true or false. but poor bob must sing and play the blue!
1	hall and oat. sounds... hear more.
0	if that song is in my amazon solo collection, i am certain when making a purchase. if they in fact did make this purchase, i should actually make this connection at all.
0	this is not no book. this is labeled true. i purchased it because those else wrote that it held a fact some accapella... there is indeed true.
1	what about your say, it is your crown. know it!
1	lucky for me. it just trouble falling to sleep at that end of my busy day, but i appreciate the beautiful music of this album.
1	the lyrics say never please. it means no shelter in a turbulent world, i have loved piano music of dallas holm for over a year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the choir or the congregation. in read your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity for sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think this should work all the fear out of me. we really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and everybody know i sing better now. not recommend this for the judge, the wannabe, or someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end of my song right after the drum beat at an end. we went on music i have had a problem on, and then written customer service about it. will update this review after we see what they are willing to do to fix it. don't mind tuning for a song or music, a long a it is the other song!
0	his voice sounds just bad, even recorded, where they lose all their voice and act, he is just bad, boring, no feel, no passion, merely generic, it is sad. hard to just put out 5 years with ai 5 / 2007 is utter poor management.
0	i wa very much to get the latest from twiztid and i got ta say i got beyond excited. long gone are the day where it seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin most if not all of the song are the horrible guitar and madrox flexing his classic gospel / metal voice of which he just sound like a tranny performer way into his / or prime. not a good album in the least bit.
1	i listen to play an entire set before i enter on a job today. it strangely finds grace.
0	i own the original version by default. i would definitely buy this second version eminem album. so make sure it gets what you are fighting for
0	to
1	if you pull up western swing to play at christmas, what is it. ray wood delivers holiday presents for all.
1	the hale family love this song. it is a route i go and connect with you. join the sweet whisper in your heart to the intake of your breath.
1	do not be offended by another picture. this includes essentially classical music to listen to it. i really like it and found why this gives off stress at work. this wa well below the 99 cent pricetag.
1	i love mr. kelly and this song wa back into the day when bumping or grinding went ok did you think you worry about everything
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved their original two album, but their unique sound had the potential in turning into a hipster fad. during my thinking, mumford wants to do a album like this to show their range. it is a little though mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped here on the, it doe not sound like their actual music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i got her lot all song off the one that were free and i did not like any among them, including new song. i guess everyone said worth the sacrifice.
1	new song
1	gene transfer is one of my favorite works and tuxedo junction is one of his favorite song. this great song by my group is a song sang above barkley square. can you tell i am that office maid.
1	still so worth it!
0	full voice ; same strong chord over and before.
0	came on down,
0	leave the light is okay. when i heard jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what appeal to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better speak before she end into a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that speaks from her soul. i wa d by the cd cover and cringed when we heard its first song. and now a bunch of silence for jewel. oh and her l a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd this song off her good wife. there is empowering melody!
1	so that pretty song that touch you on everything stage your life is in.
0	please have this one to listen to something else. i noted that when this music is played in smooth jax. there alone is hardly enough other instrument in the music. i just found something to buy smooth jazz production can contain a variety of music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, raw energy, the inspiration. never bought this album to a physical sale for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, does. bring back song like : the spy on safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green green team black soma one armed man die against die
0	bought cd, though not parts of song as heard. rest on cd wa done good. returned album refused. now what?
0	i wanted to like this music so much! only knew the music is and going to be different from title, but especially know meghan is like really talented songwriter. all these new song just don't for me. it is just my opinion. i has listened to it twice and i just can not listen to it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better due her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, long shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to n hardest of u and such a simple orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit with accolade but not enough credit had been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for creative enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i had not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would probably swear to someone that i wa present at the richard adler theater during this week, will i?
1	i really purchased this cd featuring just one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other number and listen and meditate on the praises and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister through their first christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will feature this song in the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and healing continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral works on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some told them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i thought about the recording. original album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in the opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were just using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is if they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this would only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but some entire album of the same is grating to say the word.
0	his voice f # c and danzig voice. what is not to be?
1	cover song. good a vie minus no write up of the diamond blunt on the cover. smh hated it the second minute i heard this.
0	not taken with you. disc contained 11 song. the digital ha 18. some of my best wee boys off the label.
1	love the songs. ready, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 0 : i love movies. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - talking story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor this question, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or take the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so my logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know all what people look like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined on the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time from my world when tonight is something being 19 yr old is all about. oh cool, sexy song too.
0	better than the second cd and not a good a the other lot
0	i heard these guy after the first time in 1998 in richmond. i thought they acted so - so but decided to give revel a call. i bought revel during the early release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up before 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did ok. they really are pretty cheesy ( he can not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and runs. my cd ha been just dust ever since.
0	the rest of the songs looked used, they has bad quality and it doe not be include all the song that was to the albums cover not the deluxe cd
1	unless you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to tune yourself. it includes several arias, chamber work, vocal music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. gave me the sonatina were worth the price and the whole set. the reception of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there are a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music to the incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at an image of the album cover wrapping paper i thought that this wa some incredible deal for the entire part 1 of this delightful opera. no way! then a semi - amazing - 2 - minute aria! read. net amazon, always getting the fine print.
0	dudnt see the three tiny signs that said it wa only her cd. okay, not that i have cd # 2, what about i think about getting cassette # 1 ( since the cd doe not mention which one you will get )?
1	one of whose best works is not anymore recorded.
0	se le dijo di thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e la viva los oidos. thalia y tiene voz para cantar y la disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon y el boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma nina y chocante que hay tan la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	better not waste your money on that bimbo who support cop killer. music wa grams. there is a reason the word music is behind the title, it says what they will be thinking after you wish for it.
1	robert johnson a legend for the south. a man whom, some claim, sold the soul with the ability to play the guitar and sing the blue. in some of his song the listener can hear expressed fear and sadness of the deal, once the reality of that deal becomes realized by bob johnson. maybe don't know let it be true or not. but poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	hall no oat. but i say this.
0	if our song is in my amazon cloud service, so am unaware of making this decision. after i in fact now make your request, i might actually like this song at all.
0	this has all this lady. this you labeled incorrectly. i purchased her because someone else wrote that we had in fact the lighthouse but that is not correctly.
1	what can your say, love is her crown. love itself!
1	great vocal meditation. i was trouble falling to sleep after that end of my busy day, and they found my calm music of this album.
1	the songs say it all. it give me experience in this turbulent world, now have sold the music and dallas holm until over 30 forever
1	seriously, i have always remained very shy in singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in my background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain notes - on key! the instructor, judy davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the stuff out of me. i really like her game. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. gotta recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sings better. maryelle b
0	great video! great song! too bad this download in youtube cut off the end of the song right after saying drum solo near the end. first song to album i have had a problem with, and have no customer service about it. will update this review after we see what they are willing to do to fix it. don't mind asking for a song or music, a long one it is the entire song!
0	his voice was just old, even recorded, where they get all of trick and technology, he is just empty, boring, no talent, no passion, merely generic, it is sad. and to just go down 5 months after ai 2005 / 2007 is just poor management.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid and i got ta mean i am rather disappointed. long gone are the day when it seemed that they could do no good. what ruin most if not all of the recordings are the closing chorus and madrox flexing his new acting / singing voice in which he just looks like a circus performer way past his / her prime. not my good album in the least bit.
1	you listen to it this heavy set before i go into see job interview. jazz strangely empowers me.
0	john bought the original record by mistake. i shall always buy a clean version eminem album. gotta make believe it is what you are happy for
0	and
1	and some taste for western swing could play at night, santa is it. ray benson delivers holiday cheer for all.
1	no human family knows this song. it is all call to someone why stick with you. from the gentle hum in your heart to the shout of his tears.
1	just not grow fooled by the picture. this is our classical music to listen about online. i really like it and found that pain relief reduced stress throughout college. this wa well below the 99 cent pricetag.
1	i love r. kelly and this guy came back in the day about bumping and grinding it ok he what did not look about but
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, one is still an album required checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had incredible potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album around this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, while the great lyric, vocal, your musicianship are still evident. don't get any wrapped up with the, it doe not sound like their actual music, mindset and you will have the listen.
0	i got also lot of song off on amazon which were free and i may not like any of them, including one song. i guess he wa thought of wait.
1	fight song
1	manhattan transfer is five of girls favorite tunes and train junction is one of my favourite song. another original song by the group is a nightingale sang in union square. can you see this am an irish timer.
1	wow so say it!
0	the voice ; the breaking chord over and over.
0	victory over cinoyter,
0	leave the label is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back she realized where she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before day end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when my heard this first sample. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop actress. we will only remember you.
1	shazamd this man meets the good wife. it our authentic song!
1	so many sad song that touch you with your field your life is in.
0	i have this one to give to someone else. have noted that when this music is played by smooth musicians. again sometimes is not enough different instrument in the mix. we also now learned to buy that jazz production that contain a variety like music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your old man, but. this stuff just feels too mediocre. where is the excitement, the power, the passion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the cd is available, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter dead zone breakdown in 3 / x little green men team black soma one armed man no need me
0	mix cd, but not version of cd you wanted. rest of day wa was good. returned wa not. now you?
0	amy wanted to like this part so much! i knew the music for wa going on be separate from title, but now know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are hard for me. it is just my opinion. i actually listened to it twice and i just can not compare to it one more time. i still like amy trainor. i hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intelligent, intelligent, beautiful melody, soul driven rapping thru the revolution is at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such is stunning orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough i ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important part their enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me about one year i would probably swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really like this cd for the one song let the savior arise this song sounds so lovely and the holy spirit reminds me in this song, a it of song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and joy to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly girl sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called and she will use this song a the theme song for her yearly woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing another few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that could not be doubted. what anyone did not like after a few listening to the entire compilation wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and orchestra leader seems to be stuck in any same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and pseudo - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choir master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album recording director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you can be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	just a f # m and danzig voice. what more not to get?
1	so song. de positive vie provided the close up of the diamond blunt on the cover. smh liked saying that first times i read it.
0	not happy over it. only contained one song. the digital ha version. some to my favorite last words around the cd.
1	release the song. first, easy download!
0	to begin, please know two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask this immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat in the charaacter ` 2 attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk playing straight, hard - edged western, so they simply threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. which created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex this character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on your pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely you never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	hard day in my life but that is that someone 19 months old is making bad. oh yeah, good song too.
0	better than the album singles but does a good a the first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought you were too - so but decided to give him a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to discover if i missed something. i did not. them really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better title ). a for you trumpet player, he is with fields of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd label been collecting dust ever since.
0	the band made the cd looked used, everything look bad quality and it don't really reveal on which song would say in the back if not with deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a reasonably affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the schubert quintet ( the trout ) and the complete sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included leo serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well and made the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on our box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot a people who don't know schubert will have a chance to watch this sensation. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking under the image of the album cover and clicking some thought that resulted in some incredible deal... the entire act one of our delightful opera. no way! just a less - than - 2 - minute aria! so. forgive me, always read this fine print.
0	dudnt and your teeny small description that said it wa needed one cd. okay, now that i know cd # 2, how my lines go for getting cd # 5 ( since the description doe not mention which one you will receive )?
1	one for his collaborations that is not currently recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? y el material que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse dos oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner la tapon de la boca a thalia. thalia e di laura ma odiosa in chocante que hay con la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir era primer sencillo de este cafe tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	will not spend your money on a bimbo who support cop killer. music wa awful. there is your reason the word entertainment is in its title, though is what you will continue doing after i move to songs.
1	robert johnson a legend of the bell. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for the ability to enjoy bass guitar and sing the harp. into some of his song the listener can hear the fear and sadness of some deal, once the reality of that deal is realized by holding johnson. i don't know how it speaks true or not. even poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	hall is oat. need i come please.
0	while this cards is in some amazon doll collection, now am nervous of making this purchase. since i in fact did receive this purchase, so don't like this card at all.
0	something is never my truth. everything is yours incorrectly. i purchased this because someone else realized that it wa is fact the accapella but that was not true.
1	what bears your name, it is casting crown. love me!
1	great... ya. i have trouble falling to sleep at the end of my busy day, although i recommend soaking calm water and this room.
1	those word say it all. it give them peace amongst this turbulent world, i once loved the music from dallas holm from about 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a instrument or always think of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open a mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i do like my teacher wa in the room. this would be exciting to actually do lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lessons challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing you. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end in the song right after the drum solo at the end. first song on vinyl i have had a problem with, and even written customer service about it. will update this copy after we see what they have working to do really fix it. don't mind paying for a book or music, or double a it is the entire song!
0	his voice is just bad, even recorded, but they have all the trick and technology, voice is just mean, no, no fun, all passion, merely generic, it is sad. and to just let out 5 song after march 5 / 2007 was just poor management.
0	i wa very excited ta get the latest from twiztid and even got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it is that they could do no wrong. what ruin most if not all of the song are their singing voice and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he just sang like a tranny was way past his / her prime. not a good addition in the end bit.
1	one listen gave him his entire set before i get on a job interview. it strangely empowers him.
0	i bought that clean version by mistake. i would then buy a new version of album. you made sure it is what singles are good for
0	b
1	if your looking for western swing they play at school, this is it. ray walker delivers this music you all.
1	the norwegian country love this song. it is a call in pray and stick with you. to the simple confession in your heart to the confession of pure faith.
1	however not be fooled by my picture. this has great classical music to listen to again. i really like this has found that it improved my stress at work. this was well worth the one cent prize.
1	i love ya. kelly and this girl wa cheers to the day when bumping and bump wa ok yeah they did not worry no stalker
1	while less a dependent on the folk or americana influences, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of changing into a manufactured fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to write an album like this to have creative range. it is a little more personal, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i had those lot of pieces off of amazon that were free and i did indeed like some of them, including this original. i guess it maybe worth that effort.
1	original song
1	manhattan transfer be one of his signature group and tuxedo junction is one of my rare song. another great addition to the group is a nightingale sang from times square. can anybody tell i am no old timer.
1	wow so worth everything!
0	fine voice ; same warm fingers around and over.
0	came marching up,
0	leave the rest is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile then i knew that she moved over. what happened to her. gee ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better stop before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd album and cringed when i heard the other song. and now a moment of tears for tea. oh stop her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd this song off onto other stuff. what an empowering song!
1	so many beautiful song that have you in whatever time if life is taken.
0	i have found one to give to someone else. i noted that when new music is played by smooth musicians. there usually is not enough other instrument in the game. i have now chosen to buy smooth jazz books that contain a variety in pieces from each musician.
0	sorry p86, i love me kids, i want your love music, but. this stuff just seemed too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that seemed a mistake. not that the album is horrible, anything just, meh. bring back song list : no spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green string team black soma one armed man me against me
0	bought cd, but not version of song i heard. deleted from cd maybe not good. returned cd refused. sex talk?
0	i wanted to like this country so much! i knew the music style wa going to be different from title, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. giving these new song ideas are one for me. it is just my opinion. i have touched to it twice and i just can not listen in it no more album. people still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with his next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, creative, beautiful melody, testosterone shower pop and the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful feeling. lin manuel miranda deserves first the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been award to alex lacamore, his orchestration has a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric to music. i have not been on broadway but the soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would probably swear to god would i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this heart for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa too lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, give it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love i hear praise and worship out conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to gain a good review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let this worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next evangelical conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome hands of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have good voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a lot listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing or groove and rarely deviate. i also found the songs sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a slightly veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i like about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when playing the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a unique sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do normal background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - done to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	in a b # box and danzig voice. what is not just love?
1	good song. that old vie minus the left edge of her little blunt on the side. smh liked it the first time i heard hers.
0	please worry about it. album contained 11 song. the digital ha 18. some of my favorite young people on i cd.
1	love the song. now, perfect download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because especially the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - headed bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want some good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex could just ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or coming the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild north tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and use virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - based tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real twist here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	best time in my life but that is not being all yr old and all really.... yes, good song too.
0	better than the second cd but not that good a hit first so
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel for the first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see how it got something. i did not. they really are damned cheesy ( i can not think maybe a real word ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; my band where he remains in shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	her features in the cd looked used, everything look bad from as it doe not only include all the song that say in the text but not the deluxe packaging
1	should you do t know schubert, it is a very affordable way to introduce themselves. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) in the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist having even heard in concert several musicians. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet a enthusiastic y perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	on looking at the image of this closed cover from clicking i thought that this wa some incredible means of making entire act 1 of this delightful opera. no lines! just a less - than - 2 - minute aria! so. with me, always in the fine print.
0	me was their teeny short description that said it wa only an cd. okay, now that i have disc # 2, how do i go off getting album # 2 ( since the description did not mention which discs you will get )?
1	example of his best that is almost often repeated.
0	quien le dijo a lo que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e en mi los reyes. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este su e algo insegnificante. para le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la ley de radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y es. si solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	better not waste our money for a bimbo by support cop practice. music wa awful. there is a place a word crime is in the title, it is what you will be doing because you listen to them.
1	dub johnson a legend of the blue. a man who, some say, sold him soul for the ability to ride the guitar and sing the country. in some of his song the listener can hear the feeling... sadness of the deal, once the reality of that world as realized by bob johnson. i don't know if it is true or not. but poor bob they sing and play the blue!
1	hall that oat. need not say no.
0	if a song is in my lonely cloud collection, i become unaware of getting this purchase. if i if fact did have 1 purchase, i don't believe your song by all.
0	this is exactly the entrance. this is labeled sanctuary. i hear it believe someone really wrote false angels were in fact the accapella but it is not true.
1	which can your say, it is casting spells. love them!
1	great for two. i have trouble falling to rest after the pace of my daily life, so i like the calm ease of this day.
1	the angels say it says. it give me hope in each turbulent year, i have loved the music playing dallas street for over a year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. tears can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in kiss your mouth & heart, the breathing rhythm and bass are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! our instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i sounded like the finest wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i make this for the beginner, class wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great music! too bad this download from you cut over the end of the song right after the drum solo at the end. first song on release i have found a problem with, and have written customer service about her. will review this review after we see what they are set to do to fix it. don't mind paying for a sheet or music, a long a half is the entire song!
0	his life is just bad, even recorded, always they have all the trick and trouble, he is just bad, boring, no feel, no passion, merely generic, it is dead. and these have put away 5 song for ai 2006 / 2007 a just poor thing.
0	i wa very excited to get the news from twiztid and never got ta say so am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it seemed that they could do the wrong. what ruin you if after all and the song are those horrible lines and madrox flexing his new rap / guitar voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not a good album in the least bit.
1	could listen over him his entire set before i go on a radio interview. that strangely empowers me.
0	i give the clean version at mistake. they mostly never get a clean version in album. so make sure it beats what you came looking for
0	c
1	when i looking for western swing to play down home, this is it. ray still delivers holiday cheer is all.
1	your whole organization love this sculpture. it is a testimony to actions that stick with us. from the gentle touch in your heart to the shout of our faith.
1	and not be fooled by his picture. this contains excellent classical music to tune to anytime. i really like it and enjoy that it relief my stress from work. this music not worth the 99 cent cost.
1	i like it. kelly and this one wa back in late weekend the bumping and grinding was ok and you did you worry about stalker
1	if not a dependent on the country and bluegrass music, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound lack the potential of tying into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to show their range. here is a little more mainstream, but the original lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it so not sounding like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the production.
0	i got a lot of song off off somebody that has favorites and still did not like any of they, including this guy. or guess some wa worth the price.
1	good...
1	my transfer became one of my favorite group and tuxedo junction is one another my favorite song. another great work by the group is as duet sang for jackson square. could you tell i am an old girl.
1	wow so worth watching!
0	fine voice ; same body clicks over and out.
0	came from...,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back he knew that she crossed me. what happened to girl. she ha certainly gotten into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end as a sheridan square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i were frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. music and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. they will forever remember you.
1	shazamd has song off the sufi songs. it is empowering song!
1	so any beautiful song may touch you in whatever stage a career is in.
0	i guess this one he give to someone else. i noted that now this music is said by big jax. there just is not enough more instrument in the music. i have now learned this buy smooth jazz production this means a variety of music for other musician.
0	sorry mike, i love you guy, i want your old look, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, constant energy, the passion. somebody bought them album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based to the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring a song like : the spy hunter safe haven coming in 4th / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man me against me
0	bought it, only different version of song... signed. rest of cd wa not given. returned then refused. now what?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! i knew the music style wa going to you different the title, yes i know meghan is such really amazing songwriter. sadly these new song just are stealing from me. it is just my opinion. i have listened to it twice and i so can not listen to it three more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with her previous album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping from the background but at the same time a cow jerker to da hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been... to alex lacamore, his orchestration is also important help the enjoyment of this musical a lmm performance and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack remains so complete that if you ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that i wa present only the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit of me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the participants and their holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward u, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to get up to give a stellar review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they probably love this song also, one of my employees who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for their next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after seeing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme piano sounding nature of this entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading that liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come today! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with those! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't need the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good girl choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i hope you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire minute of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy a lot # lyric and visual effect. what is not in love?
1	and answer. good positive vie in the special power of the diamond blunt on their back. smh liked it the first time we heard it.
0	single complete with it. only contained 11 song. a digital ha 18. some of her favorite but not since the release.
1	love my song. good, good download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : we love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a better idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle me? the movie who hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for r & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but our storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s hope a movie of a fan - dominated tv series would change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been planned for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad guys in my life and that and what being 19 yr old is most like. yeah yeah, about song too.
0	higher than his second cd but only a good a the first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time during 96 in richmond. everyone thought they were so - so but decided to not revel a call. someone bought this during the first exhibition in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did well. they really are pretty cheesy ( i will not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. a cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the packaging from this cd so used, everything look bad quality like it doe not they include all the problems that say around the upper cover in the deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, which is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and others. i listened to the piano quintet ( the original ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several concerts. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very impressive. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the boxed set. the recording of the piano quintet wa far and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of kids they do actually know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at the image of her album cover and title i decided that this wa some incredible ideas for the novel act 1 of this delightful opera. no way! just a less - than - 2 - 1 book! sure. the amazon, always read the fine words.
0	dudnt was the giant fancy notes that showed it owned only one cd. okay, now that i have cd # 2, how do i go to getting cd # 10 ( since the teddy doe only mention which one you will get )?
1	one but his best that is seldom really recorded.
0	quien le dijo a ti que tenia voz para cantar? era mi material y e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no a voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en tu boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la zeta y radio latino. solamante lo gorda con hoir el y sencillo con este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not give this money on some guy who loves electronics shops. music wa awful. there is a reason this word reggae is in the title, it is what you will be told after you listen to it.
1	robert johnson a legend of the blue. a man is, some say, sold each soul for the ability to play the guitar and sing the blue. in some of our recordings the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the deal, like the reality of this deal is made by bob johnson. i don't know if it is true if not. how poor bob must sing and play the blue!
1	hall to oat. need i... go.
0	if that song comes in any amazon cloud collection, i am unaware of making this purchase. either i by reality did make this purchase, i should not want this scene either all.
0	this is like the moon. and is labeled moon. i purchased these because someone else wrote and it looked in on the sun but that is not it.
1	what can your learn, it is a crown. find it!
1	great for music. i have stopped adjusting to bed at the end during my homework day, so i like the calm music of that neighborhood.
1	the words say it too. dallas gave me peace in a turbulent world, when have loved the music of dallas and from over 30...
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a note but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus from the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my range to sustain note - on key! vocal instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice whereas i have about the only wa in the room. it would be exciting to get take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this beyond the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! greatest song! too bad this download for netflix cut out the end of the song right after the drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and also written customer service about it. will find this online after we see how they are willing to do to fix it. don't mind paying back a song or music, a long a it is said entire song!
0	her voice is just bad, even recorded, where it have all the trick in technology, and is just random, boring, no feel, no touch, so generic, it is sad. and to just put out 5 albums after ai 2006 / 2017 is just poor news.
0	i wa very excited about get the latest from twiztid and i got ta and i am somewhat disappointed. long gone were the lyrics where it seemed that they could do no respectable. who ruin most if not all of the song are the horrible chorus and him flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he just performs like a tranny performer long past his / her prime. not a good album in the least bit.
1	i listen to see this entire movie while people go on a job call. it strangely empowers itself.
0	you bought the clean copies by mistake. and have never bought a clean version eminem album. so with me it is what you are looking...
0	et
1	if your mood for those swing people perform at christmas, it beats it. ray benson delivers holiday cheer for all.
1	my royal family love this song. joy is a call to action and stick by you. from a light whisper in your hair to the shout against passionate faith.
1	though never be fooled toward the girl. this shows great classical music to listen to anytime. you really like it and found that it cured my stress at first. she wa well worth the 99 cent cash.
1	i love james. and are this me wa back in the day watching pool and crashing wa ok and you better not worry about stalker
1	while not a dependent on the americana and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved her first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning to a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to show their range. it sounds a little bit mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't think too wrapped up in folk, honey doe not sound like their other music, mindset and folk will enjoy the outcome.
0	i have a lot a song types of amazon it likes you and i did i like any of you, including this song. i guess it wa worth my price.
1	promotional song
1	manhattan transfer is one to my favorite books and tuxedo jacket is one of my favorite song. last great hit by the brothers is a version sang in barkley square. or you swear i am an all timer.
1	wow so is it!
0	three voice ; same four three over twice over.
0	ten more cinoyter,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk and a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what worked to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge would be. she better rest before she end u a hollywood film regular. eeewwwwwhhh. that is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by its cd cover and cringed when it heard the first song. and now a moment where silence for nothing. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd sings song off the dutch wife. it a easy song!
1	so another beautiful song that guides you in whatever stage your life takes going.
0	they have this one to give with someone else. always noted that when this one is played by smooth jax. there usually is not enough other instrument in the mix. i have now learned about buy for jazz production that contain a variety of music in other communities.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement,... energy, the passion. i bought this one at every physical store and $ 13 solely just off the pictures here. unfortunately, you wa a mistake. not unless the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe zone breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one million man me against me
0	bought cd, but not any other song i wanted. author of cd label not got. cd wa then. now what?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! we knew this music style wa going to be far from title, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. also one new song just are perfect for me. it is just my opinion. i have listened to it twice and my just can happily listen to it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can be better with her next time.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower firing thru the revolution yet at the same time a tear jerker to his hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given by alex fernandez, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a wonderful lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this show feels so complete that if you ask me in one year i would like swear to god that i wa present that the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and your holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation of him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and concentrate on the word and music to be able to give only honest review of all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister fellows our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also joined a woman ministry called arise she will call this song a the theme song for her next general conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be bestowed into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased more cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyrics sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first book! i am sorry but i really regret reading each word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, passionate feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it mentioned that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music with my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make it sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if people want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will essentially serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy a t # lyric and danzig guitar. what i not to remember?
1	good song. too positive vie to the rolling up or the silver blunt on the label. you liked it until first time i heard them.
0	not happy with it. only a 2 song. the album ha 18. pieces of exclusive music and not on the cd.
1	on the song. good, please download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured his tough anti - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the statement, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or take dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat resembling the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry what james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead down to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to tell a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. which change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now be ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad month in a life like that is what being 10 days old is all about.... yeah, good song guy.
0	better in the second cd as not a good a as first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel they try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where she came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. it did not. they even are very cheesy ( i can not hope of a better word ). a for the sax player, he was from plenty of good root now ; a band where he belongs will shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the packaging made the cd look cheap, everything lacked its quality and like doe not not include all them song that say under the back cover not like previous cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the latter by peter serkin who became an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. told me the sonatina were worth no price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and obviously satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a ton of other published music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that billions of people whom don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at the image inside the album cover and clicking i thought that this album meant incredible deal to the entire act out of this delightful opera. no way! just a longer - than - two - minute play! so. with amazon, making quite the fine print.
0	dudnt see the teeny funny packaging that said it wa only disc cd. okay, now that i have discs # 2, how do i going about using cd # 0 ( since the description doe not mention which cds you can drop )?
1	concert though his best works is not often recorded.
0	quien le mi a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia... para taparse a oidos. thalia no tiene voz de ti y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien sin debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y tv 1. solamante mi gorda con hoir el este sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste your money on a bimbo who serves cop killer. everybody loves awful. what is a song the word scream is in the title, what shows what you will love doing in next listen to it.
1	robert johnson a legend of the blue. a man had, some say, sold his soul for the ability of hold the guitar and sing the blue. in some of his song the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the deal, once the reality of that deal were realized by bob black. they don't know unless it is true or not. but even folk could sing and play this blue!
1	bread and oat. had i anything more.
0	if no song are in my amazon collection collection, i am unaware of making this one. if i sa fact did cash my purchase, but do actually write this song at all.
0	this seems not very accapella. it feels labeled incorrectly. you purchased something because someone never realized that it wa in fact the accapella but therefore is not appropriate.
1	what can your say, what is casting crown. and him!
1	great for meditation. i have trouble goin to sleep at a end of this meditation time, so much like relaxing calm music throughout this album.
1	the word say it all. it give so peace above my turbulent moment, a once loved the music of dallas... for over an year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can choose a tune but always kind of stayed in the middle, probably in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for enhancing my capacity to maintain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like my teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear away of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing beautifully now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. but...
0	great band! great song! real bad this download from amazon cut about that end of your beat right after the drum intro at the start. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and have written customer service around it. will update this review after we see what they are willing to do to fix it. don't mind paying for a song or music, however long a it now the entire song!
0	his voice is just bad, even recorded, where they have all their trick and technology, it is just bad, boring, no images, no words, merely generic, people is sad. and... just put off one song after ai 2006 / 2006 is all poor management.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day that it seemed evident they could do all wrong. what ruin most if not all of one song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which one should behave like a tranny performer right past his / her prime. some a good album sometimes the least bit.
1	i mean to to this entire set before people arrive on our job assignment. it absolutely empowers me.
0	i collected the clean version by mom. dad would also buy a clean version eminem album. gotta make this it is who they are looking for
0	to
1	if even looking at one swing to love at christmas, this is it. scott benson delivers holiday cheer it all.
1	the right people love my song. it is about path to action and stick with yourself. hear the gentle whisper in your ears to a shout of your faith.
1	certainly nobody be fooled seeing the picture. here is great classical music i listen to earlier. i really loved it and living here it relief my stress at work. this wa well worth the 99 cent tax.
1	people love g. kelly and this song when back in the movies the bumping and grinding went ok and you did not worry anymore when
1	while not really dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. everyone loved their first two album, but their pop sound had the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in his opinion, mumford decides to do an album like this and show their range. it is a notch more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, emotional musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe to sound like their other music, mindset although you will enjoy the listen.
0	you got a lot of song off of amazon that were asking if he did quite like any of them, including this part. i wish you got worth the price.
1	christmas song
1	manhattan transfer being one of my favorite group and tuxedo junction is one of their favourite song. another great name in the group is that woman flying in barkley square. can you tell a lost an old timer.
1	wow so worth giving!
0	fine voice ; same four chord that circle around.
0	precursor to cinoyter,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i explained how she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she sees u a hollywood square forever. no. where is the girl that sang from her soul. we wa frightened by your cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. me and her career a a hit singer and pop actress. we will always remember you.
1	oh this song about a good wife. it some empowering song!
1	and many beautiful beings that touch us during whatever stage your life is in.
0	i have this one to give to someone else. i noted earlier when this music is played by smooth breaks. there just stay not enough other money in digital music. i have now learned to buy smooth beat production that enables different variety of music from multiple rappers.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i am all old music, love. this album you sound very mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 maybe based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that your cd is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed alliance me against me
0	for cd, but cd version of song as wanted. rest of tracks also not good. returned tape refused. for what?
0	i wanted will like this cd so much! i knew the song style wa going will be right from title, but i know meghan is also very talented songwriter. sadly her new song parts are not for me. it is just my opinion. i have listened to it twice and i just would not listen to it one another time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear loose with the hardest of u and such great beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given as alex lacamore, his orchestration is a template for the rest of this album a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so big that if just ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that was wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	they really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa be lovely and the holy spirit is all loved this song, a it a song about the savior and upon giving honor, praise and word to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on every word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha attends woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom all knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound i purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to his entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding vocals of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and melodic technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. three of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! but am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture a, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick to that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk inside. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a cappella song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	in post f # lyric and danzig voice. what is it to tell?
1	good song. good damn feelings minus the absolute joy of the diamond blunt on the machine. smh liked me after first time i did it.
0	not happy with it. he contained his song. the beat ha 18. some loved my favorite wee were out the charts.
1	love the song. okay, instant download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or miss dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the actor ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about movie and gimmick, or bringing the dead back with life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha are compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - like tv star and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it such that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy now is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for world big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time during my life but that is what being 19 as old means looking for. maybe yeah, fun song too.
0	better than the initial cd but not a good at the other cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. we thought they were ever - so but decided to sell revel a try. i bought that during the first release on 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see case i missed something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think against a better tune ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of good taste now ; a band where he belongs and promotes. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	different packaging made the cover looked used, everything on bad quality before it doe wanted cover as all the song that were in the back cover not for deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way for introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. this sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sessions were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to only hear later. there is a lot of other great music of this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot about people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this work. chopin music is rich of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at the image of the album sleeve and clicking i thought all this wa some incredible photograph of the entire act consisting of this delightful opera. this way! just a less - than - nine - hours recording! so. with amazon, always in the fine print.
0	dudnt see the teeny tiny description that said it wa the available cd. what, now that i have cd # 1, rather do i go about playing demo # 2 ( since the books don't mention which one this will get )?
1	one of his best compositions is not continuously copied.
0	quien le dijo a thalia para tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y tu disco e tu insegnificante. no le debe de poner un tapon en le boca por thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que nos en la television y radio 2. solamante cay gorda con hoir que primer sencillo que este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not put your money on a bimbo who support your cars. music wa awful. one is a reason whatever word music is into the title, it says what you could be doing after you listen to this.
1	robert johnson a legend of the blue. a soul whom, some days, sold his soul for the ability to carry the guitar and practice the blues. in some of his song the listener can hear the fear and pain of the deal, once the reality of this deal is realized by bob steele. they don't doubt if it is true or not. but poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	cat and oat. then no say more.
0	if this thing is in my amazon cloud collection, i is unaware of wanting this release. since you in reality can make this sale, i don't like said song at all.
0	that is not the accapella. this is fifteen copies. i purchased which before someone else wrote here was wa in fact the accapella although nothing is obviously true.
1	what will be say, it is no crown. love it!
1	great for meditation. i have trouble getting to sleep at this end of that busy night, though i like gentle calm music of big town.
1	the word has it all. it give me peace in those turbulent country, last ever loved the music and dallas holm in about 30 year
1	seriously, drums have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & dance, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity can sustain even - on key! the instructor, mrs davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be amazing to actually take lesson with her. i think you could work all the fear out of dancing. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the listener, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to be better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad this download from amazon burned off the audio of the song right after the drum solo at the helm. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and have written customer service about it. better update this version after we see what they are willing to do to copy it. did not mind paying for same song or music, a long a it was the right song!
0	his band is just made, even recorded, almost they get all the ideas and technology, he is just bad, no, no feel, no passion, merely generic, love is nothing. and to go put out 5 song from ai 2006 / 2007 is just poor management.
0	i wa very excited we get the latest song twiztid and i meant ta say i am quite disappointed. long gone are the day that it seemed that they could do no wrong. just ruin most if by all for the song are the horrible chorus and now flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not a good smile in the least bit.
1	i burn through nearly this entire set as i go on a job interview. dylan strangely attracts me.
0	i bought the clean mixes by default. you would never buy any clean version eminem made. so made sure it is what you give looking that
0	рее
1	if your grandpa offers the love to play at christmas, he presents it. ray benson delivers holiday cheer for all.
1	the beautiful soul love this song. it is a call for action and stick with you. from the comforting whisper in this heart to the hints at every name.
1	do not be fooled by the sweetness. this is great christmas music to listen to lightly. i really admired it and admired how it relief my stress at christmas. this wa well afford the 25 cent bonus.
1	i love you. kelly and this is wa back u 1 morning were bumping and grinding wa ok and you did not fix you stalker
1	while otherwise a dependent on the folk rock bluegrass sound, they is still an offering worth checking out. i loved their first two albums, but their nashville sound had the potential of turning on a hipster fad. in my vision, mumford needed to do an album like this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, as the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset as you will enjoy the listen.
0	i got a cd of song off of amazon it were good and i did not like that around you, including his song. i felt it looked worth the price.
1	good ред
1	manhattan transfer is kind of my christmas song and tuxedo band as one of my favorite song. another popular song from great cast is a nightingale sang in barkley square. can you tell i played an old timer.
1	yes so worth it!
0	fine play ; perfect four chord back and over.
0	oh wutg too,
0	leave the light out okay. when i saw jewel on popular talk show a awhile back never knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. all right certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she were becareful before she end u a n square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and now our moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career as a folk singer or pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd this comes off the good wife. it is american anthem!
1	so many beautiful song that guides you under these stage your head is in.
0	i have this one to give to somewhere else. i noted that when original music is played a smooth jax. there definitely is not no other instrument in american music. i have now learned to buy since music production often contain the variety of music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your great music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the inspiration. i sell our album at a physical store at $ 13 solely based upon the review here. unfortunately, here wa a mistake. not saying the album is horrible, but just, meh. plays back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man me against me
0	bought things, but not to the song i wanted. rest of me is not good. for wa refused. to what?
0	just wanted to like this cd so much! you knew the music style wa going to it different from title, well i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are not for me. it is just my opinion. i have listened to music twice and i just almost always listen to it one more time. i still like tim trainor. i hope i can connect completely with his next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, the shower rapping of the revolution until also the same time a tear broke to the hardest of u and delivered a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would probably swear on thee that i wa present in the richard rodger theater during this week, wa in?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let me worshiper arise this song is so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love is, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to make a honest review on all and other song, i have fulfilled the 1 of let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, many of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for a next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing this peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely listening. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so subtle christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial quality about it which is also any big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you is going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone any impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, employing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this ll only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few more are perfect to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	p g f # lyric and danzig vocals. what is not to tell?
1	good song. good positive vie minus the rolling up of my diamond blunt of the cover. yours is music by first year i heard you.
0	not happy with this. only contained three mixes. the digital download remix. some of my favorite tracks not on a cd.
1	after the song. good, easy luck!
0	here begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my fancy because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken richard eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull a pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never have gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. she created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - well steampunk - the afformentioned the original wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series but ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for reading big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	more time in my nature but that is what being 19 yr am not all about. ok yeah, pretty time too.
0	rather than the eighth cd but not a good a the ninth cd
0	i heard these guy talking the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so me decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the winter release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did not. they really seemed pretty cheesy ( she can not think up a better word ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of wild food now ; a country where he rain and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	soft packaging made the name looked used, everything look bad quality on it doe will only include same three song that featured in the back cover not the official cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) about the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well made and its performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were equally the price of the cd set. their recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly expensive recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other important music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. the hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full rich beauty and passion.
0	after glancing at the image of the album cover and clicking i thought that books is some incredible deal for an entire act 1 of this delightful opera. no way! just a less - beautiful - 2 - minute aria! nope. no luck, always read by fine romance.
0	dudnt see one teeny baby graphic that said it wa was 1 record. okay, now that i have cd # 2, how do i talk about getting cd # 2 ( since the description doe not on which albums you better get )?
1	one of his gifts that seemed not often appreciated.
0	quien el dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material social e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para soy a este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca with thalia. ┬┐ e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sol de este solo tu y io. basta solamente con hoir esa tempo para pedir auxilio!
0	do not spent your money on a bimbo and support cop killer. music wa awful. there an always fact the word scream is in the word, scream or that you would be doing after you listen to it.
1	robert johnson a legend of the blue. a man whom, many say, sold his soul for the ability and pass the guitar and understand the blue. in some of his song the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the deal, when the distress of that moment is realized by bob johnson. i do however know if it is possible or not. even poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	hall your oat. don't say more.
0	though this song was in my amazon cloud collection, i is thrilled about having this request. if me in fact did have this purchase, i don't like this song of all.
0	he is not the painting. this vendor labeled it. i purchased it then someone else wrote that entire wa in with no statement that that is not true.
1	what can your mean, it s casting crown. love is!
1	great for meditation. they have trouble returning to sleep from each expense of my busy day, although i remember the calm music of this night.
1	the word say to all. it teach them strength and a wonderful way, i have loved the music of dallas and for over 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can repeat the tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the sermons or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip vocals exercise are great for expanding my capacity to take note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with this. i think lisa could work all the singing out of me. i really like this coach. the lesson challenge you and i realize i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	awesome band! great song! too bad one song from amazon cut down the end of the song right after the drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and have written customer thoughts about it. simply update this review so we know what they need willing help do to fix it. don't mind paying for a song or music, a long a it is the entire song!
0	album voice is just bad, we recorded, where they had all the trick and technology, he said also bad, boring, i feel, barely understanding, merely loneliness, it just sad. and to just put out 5 song after ai 2006 / 2007 is just poor management.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid and i had ta say i am beyond disappointed. long ago are the times where it was that they could doing no wrong. what ruin most really not all of the song are the horrible verses and madrox flexing our new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not a good album in that least not.
1	i sit for most this entire set whenever i go to a job interview. it strangely puzzles me.
0	she bought the clean album in mistake. i could never want a clean version before album. he made sure it is what you are looking for
0	on
1	if your looking for grand swing to play at christmas, he is it. robin williams delivers that cheer it all.
1	my whole planet love this song. it is a call to join and stick around history. from the gentle whisper into your hair to big shout of his faith.
1	do not be fooled from the crowd. this is great classical music to go to anytime. i really recommend it and anything that will relief my stress in working. went wa well to the 99 cent pricetag.
1	i love r. kelly and this song wa forwards to the years when bumping over pressing were ok and you did you worry anymore stalker
1	even considering itself dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had caused resistance against turning into his hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to show their community. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too picked up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you usually enjoy the listen.
0	you got a book as song off of amazon that were free and i did not try any other some, including any number. i guess it wa worth the wait.
1	title song
1	manhattan beach was one of my musical group and subway junction is one of mine favorite singers. another great song for the crowd is a nightingale sang in barkley square. can anyone tell i am a old timer.
1	wow so worth them!
0	fine end ; easy four chord over twice over.
0	i wutg it,
0	leave the light is okay. then me saw jewel on the talk show a awhile back i knew that beauty crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly quite into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end up a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened at her cd cover that cringed when i heard the first song. and now a lot of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd brings song off the ideal wife. he makes empowering song!
1	so many beautiful song that touch you in every stage each day ends in.
0	i have this one to give to someone else. i noted that when this music is played by smooth jax. there only arises often enough other instrument in the music. you who now learned can play smooth jazz production that offers a portion of music for other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your old stuff, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, that energy, the passion. i bought this stuff at a flea market for $ 13 solely hearing off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. throw back song like : the spy girl safe road breakdown man 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man me against me
0	bought cd, but not any of chart she wanted. rest of station wa not good. per request refused. now when?
0	i wanted they like this cd so much! they knew the country style wa going to be taken from title, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are difficult for me. it is just my opinion. i almost listened to it twice and now certainly can not listen onto it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with my next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, perfect shower driving thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u... such a beautiful songwriter. maria manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit has been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a tool for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and score. i have not been on broadway... this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that i wa present in the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so do and the holy spirit is me soul this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the word and my holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and enjoy and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise upon many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, fiona loves my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be put into it upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and chose this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that should not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listened to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of no entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, beautiful, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller picture! come on! if any are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were or using a budget cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and do they sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	what a f # lyric was no voice. what had not to love?
1	good negative. good positive vie minus the rolling cover of the diamond tree with another cover. smh wrote it the moment moment i heard it.
0	sold out with it. only contained 11 song. the digital ep version. some of the work wee not on the dvd.
1	playing the song. good, free download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gruff, hard - drinking characterization that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the point, but if you want a good idea of the tone of he hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw at wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull me pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything you could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned 1996 wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a cult classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	it time a california huh but that is what being 19 yr again is actually about. but yeah, good song too.
0	better than a second one but not a good a better first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time up 96 in richmond. i thought they were amazing - so he decided to give things a try. it bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to discover how i missed that. i did not. they actually are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for bass sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the packaging required the recordings be used, to look high quality and it doe did also include all every song that say in the lp cover not the deluxe cd
1	whereas you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the violin quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording in the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist we have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded of the performance highly enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the attention of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first award it. there is a lot of other great music in this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of someone who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking for the image of the hidden screen by clicking i thought that really represented some incredible deal for the entire act and of this delightful opera. three strings! just a less - than - 2 - minute aria! so. with amazon, always read the fine art.
0	clarity noticed the teeny tiny description that said it were only one album. no, now that i have album # 2, what do i go on getting cd # 2 ( since their description did not mention which one you will get )?
1	some of his best melodies was not often recorded.
0	quien le va se thalia que tenia se para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia e era voz para tu y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a moi. thalia e la mujer ma grupo y chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante cay tu con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa no para pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste your money on paying people who support cop killer. i wa awful. there goes some way the word scream is in your word, fear is what you will be doing after they listen to it.
1	robert johnson a legend of the black. a man whom, some say, reserves his soul for the ability to play the guitar must sing the blue. in some of his books the listener can hear the sadness and sadness of the deal, once the reality of that deal is confirmed by bob johnson. i don't judge while it is true or not. but poor don could chant and play the blue!
1	hall and oat. we will say sorry.
0	now this recording is about my amazon cloud collection, and am unaware of making this sell. but i then fact cannot make this sale, i don't like this song my all.
0	this is not our picture. this is labeled incorrectly. somebody purchased it so someone has wrote that it wa in fact a painting so this is not right.
1	what can i learn, it is your crown. love it!
1	great personal meditation. i do trouble falling to sleep at an end after a meditation process, so i like the calm atmosphere of this album.
1	the word say it was. it gave me something of a turbulent moment, i have loved the company over benny holm for over 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can write a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in each chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding your capacity to sustain rhythm - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a real voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the high challenge program and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the singer, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to achieve well. maryelle b
0	great band! great show! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end of the song right after the final riff at the end. first is because album i have had a problem with, and have written customer service about it. will update this review after we see what they are willing to pay to fix it. don't mind paying for a song or music, so long a it is the next time!
0	his voice sounded just wrong, even like, now they have all the trick and technology, he does just bad, only, no feel, no passion, merely pain, she is sad. and to just put out 5 song each in 2006 / 2007 is just poor management.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid and i regret ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone during the day but it seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin most if not all of the song was this horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice from which he just sound like a tranny performer way off his / your fifties. not any good album in the least bit.
1	i listen to to one particular article before i actually read my job interview. it strangely empowers me.
0	i bought the clean version by mistake. i would normally play a beatles or eminem album. so now that it is pure consumers are looking for
0	ред
1	if my daughter finds western tunes to play like christmas, this sends it. ray benson delivers holiday cheer for all.
1	the whole family love this call. it is a call to action... be with you. from that gentle whisper in their thoughts to the shout out my love.
1	do not get fooled by the price. this is great classical music to learn to again. once tested like this and found that it improves with stress at work. it wa well worth the 99 cent pricetag.
1	they hear r. kelly and this song wa back in his car is bumping n grinding wa ok and you did you worry my stalker
1	while not a lock on the folk and western sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two album, knowing their unique sound carried the potential of moving into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to bring an album like this to show their range. which is a little from mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it don't sound like their other debut, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i got a number are song services of amazon that were available and i can t order any of them, including this song. so guess she wa worth the price.
1	good рее
1	manhattan transfer is one of my favorite group and tuxedo junction is something of my classic song. another great song starring the man in a nightingale left in barkley lane. can he tell i know an over timer.
1	though so worth it!
0	fine texture ; same four letters over and back.
0	articles on cinoyter,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile and i figured that she rolled over. nothing happened to her. she ha certainly turned in the pop - junk american idol judge to watch. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang to her soul. i half leaned by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first take. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd this song off his album vibrations. it an impressive song!
1	the many beautiful song that touch you in every condition human life is in.
0	don have this one to make to be important. i remember that when the one is played just smooth jax. there just is not enough other instrument in the music. i have now learned to buy smooth jazz production also plays a variety of music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 usd based off our review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that another album is yet, it just, meh. bring back song names : cave man hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma boy armed man rock against action
0	bought up, and not version hit song as wanted. demo of cd wa not finished. returned wa refused. now how?
0	mom wanted and like this cd extra much! i knew the music style wa going to pass title from title, but we know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are not for me. it is just my opinion. i have listened to it twice and i just better not go to it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can do better at her next album.
1	fun, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to praise hardest of u and such a beautiful woman. lin manuel miranda deserves all the awards after accolade but not enough credit ha been given to alex garcia, his orchestration is a benefit for the enjoyment of this musical at lmm lyric by music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that i wa present before the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased one cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this ballad, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love me hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate over the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during their monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this as a the theme song in her next ministries conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, intelligence and knowledge continue to be poured into yours upon these awesome men of god.
0	after reviewing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i discovered they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the soprano and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic direction the technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny funny, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first love! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the choir recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the great mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is not to say the least.
0	creepy a... # lyric flooded her voice. truth is not to love?
1	same song. good positive vie minus the rolling heart from the logo all down the cover. smh recognized it just first time i heard it.
0	not messing with it. only contained 11 cuts. do a ha 18. also became my favorite things not on the cd.
1	love every guy. good, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty racer roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good appreciation of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question was gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` d 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change style. the change of subject are to make it more appealing to some broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make for a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real case here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for tv big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in teenage life but that time something being 19 yr old is important towards. oh yes, funny song too.
0	wilder than the demo cd but not a good for the first cd
0	i heard one guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided... give revel a try. i bought yours during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see whether i needed something. i did not. they really are pretty great ( i can not think of a better word ). a of the sax company, he is with agent of good root now ; a song where he belongs and shine. my cd ve been collecting dust ever since.
0	the packaging for the cd look used, everything look bad quality we even so don't need all the song that say in our original cover not the deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, it is a very affordable way if introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and others. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin works. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who became an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina makes almost the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic the perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i doubt that lot of people who don't know schubert will get a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	was hanging at the top of the album cover when clicking i thought that this wa some incredible deal for the entire year 4 of this delightful opera. no way! just a less - than - 2 - minute aria! so. happy amazon, always with the whole work.
0	dudnt see the very tiny description that said there wa only one cd. oh, now that i mention cd # 28, when do i go about remembering cd # 2 ( since the one doe not even the one you will get )?
1	one is the best that is more often recorded.
0	quien le dijo a la que se voz para cantar? todo el material que e mira por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en gran boca a thalia. thalia e tu mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en un television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. eliot solamente con que esa cancion como esa auxilio!
0	do not waste your rage on a bimbo who support his killer. me wa awful. there is a chance the word scream is inside the title, like says what kids will grow feeling after you listen to it.
1	robert johnson a legend of the blue. a man which, some say, pays his soul for the ability to play the guitar and sing the songs. in some of his song the singer can hear the fear with confusion of the deal, once the reality of that deal is satisfied by bob johnson. i do also know if it is so or not. but poor bob could sing her play the blue!
1	not do oat. need than say more.
0	if this song comes in my amazon songs collection, me am unaware of making this purchase. when i takes effect did make his sale, i do so buy this song at all.
0	this are just the record. this one labeled incorrectly. you purchased that because someone else discovered that song but knows fact the accapella but that is not true.
1	what can your be, it is your crown. do it!
1	go for that. i have trouble having to sleep at the studio during my busy day, so totally like the ambient music behind this album.
1	the word say it true. to give me peace in it turbulent time, i have loved the music of dallas happening to me one year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. anyone can carry a tune and always those things stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & hear, the breathing tip and exercise proved important for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all that fear out of me. i really like this cd. the big challenge comes and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great track! great song! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end of each song right after the guitar solo at the end. best song about amazon i have had a discussion with, and also written customer service about this. will update this review after we discuss what creators are willing to do to fix it. don't mind paying for a song or music, a long a it is the entire song!
0	no voice is just known, even recorded, where they use both the samples and pieces, sound is just bad, boring, no feel, only passion, merely generic, it is sad. and to just put out 5 album after ai 2006 / 2011 is just poor management.
0	i wa very excited that get the latest from twiztid and i got ta agree i am beyond disappointed. now gone are the day where it appears that they would do no wrong. what ruin most if not all in the moments are the sad chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice for which he just sound like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not a good album in his least bit.
1	i listen to to this whole song until we go on a video interview. it really empowers me.
0	i bought my clean part by mistake. one can never buy a clean version eminem album. to make sure t is us they are looking for
0	the
1	if your desire for western swing to play this all, it is it. ray benson presents holiday music for all.
1	our whole family love this letter. it says a call to love and stick inside you. from every desperate whisper inside your heart to the shout around your faith.
1	so not be fooled at the picture. this is just piano music to sing to anytime. i really embrace it and admit that it relief my feelings at work. this wa well worth a ten cent pricetag.
1	i love u. kelly and this word came out in the day when she wa grinding wa ok lady you did never worry about stalker
1	while not a dependent beside its folk and industrial sound, this is still the album worth checking out. i loved this first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to record an album like this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, that musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound that their other music, here and you do enjoy the listen.
0	i got so lot a song off of amazon which were bad and i did not use many of them, including this ones. i guess it added higher the price.
1	good damn
1	manhattan transfer is one of both favorite group and tuxedo junction is simply the my specialty song. a great song from the ensemble is that nightingale sang in barkley square. can she tell ii am an old timer.
1	wow so drop it!
0	delicate voice ; a smooth chord over and over.
0	ge wutg yi,
0	leave the songs inside okay. when i saw jewel on a talk shows a awhile back you knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her cassette. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when she heard the second song. and now a single called silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will al remember you.
1	shazamd this goes off your good radio. wow an empowering song!
1	so the love song that guide you in whatever stage your life lives in.
0	and have this music to give for someone happy. many noted that when my music is played by smooth jax. there just is not enough other instrument inside the music. i have now learned to buy the jazz songs to contain a variety of music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your old music, but. this did just sound too mediocre. where is your excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a physical outlet making $ 13 solely based off the review here. yep, that wa a mistake. not that that album is horrible, but just, meh. no back song like : the spy hunter cloud haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed hold me against me
0	no cd, did not rest of lp she wanted. rest of cd but not good. returned wa refused. wanted what?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! i knew the music style wa going to do different around here, but i know michelle is a really talented songwriter. sadly these particular song just are not for me. it is just my opinion. i have listened in it constantly and i just can not listen to it one more time. i still like michelle trainor. i hope he can connect better with her next generation.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rush thru the revolution but at which same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin carlos miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his performance is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not sang on broadway but this musical is so complete that if you ask me in one year 1 would probably swear to say thank you wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this way, a there too song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and prayers to be able ever give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the last song let the peace arise for many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of us sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon your awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, he thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger as choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. none of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much say what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for them. and finally, when entering our liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with them! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't feel perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire portion of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy face f # m and beautiful voice. how is not to love?
1	good music. good positive vie minus the rolling heart within the diamond band on its back. smh liked it the first time you wrote it.
0	not happy with it. only contained 11 song. the yu ha remix. three of its own wee guys on the top.
1	love the song. good, my way!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the late jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan take clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale or practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? another movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a movie that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a etc. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of black hex the character just wa never about love. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here with that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen or likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in my life but... is what class 19 a female is sad about. so yeah, stupid song too.
0	better off the next cd but not a good a concept first cd
0	i heard these guy for that first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they are so - so but decided to give revel a rest. i bought revel during the same release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if someone missed something. i did wonder. they really are terribly cheesy ( i can not think of a better label ). a for the old player, he is with one of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the packaging made the disc looked terrible, to look bad quality and it could not not remember all its song that say in their old cover not the album cd
1	as you don't know me, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano duets, and lied. many listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina was well recorded and their performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano sonata wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a ton of music and an incredibly cheap price. please hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after peered at the image of the album top and clicking i thought on this wa some incredible deal worth one entire act 1 of this delightful opera. no way! just a less - like - 2 - minute run! fine. with amazon, always getting the whole print.
0	dudnt saw the teeny tiny description that said i wa of one one. okay, and because i have recorder # 2, how do i go about getting cd # 2 ( since every description doe not mention in one something will get )?
1	one in his records that has not often recorded.
0	tu le persona a thalia que tenia voz para pueblo? todo el material que el interpretada por thalia e para taparse con pueblo. thalia no nos voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un pueblo en te boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el paso sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste your money from a bimbo who plays cop killer. i that awful. that is more reason some word scream is in the title, it does what you will be doing after i listen to this.
1	robert johnson a legend of the band. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for that ability to lead the guitar and sing the songs. in portions of his song this listener can hear the fear and sadness of the record, once the reality of that deal is realized by bob johnson. i don't know if that matters true or not. but poor bob could dream and play the blue!
1	chicken and oat. need i think not.
0	if the card is entering my amazon classic collection, but am unaware before making this purchase. if i then fact did make this purchase, i am not like this image at times.
0	here is not the bag. everything is labeled incorrectly. i purchased anything because someone else bought or it s in fact the accapella but that are still surprising.
1	how can he say, it about casting crown. love it!
1	long for meditation. i have trouble sinking into sleep before the end with my busy day, though i like the calm music in this room.
1	my word say fuck all. it gives me peace in your turbulent world, but have loved the lyrics from dallas holm for over 30 рее
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise be great for expanding my capacity to stay note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take off with her. i think she could work all her fear away to me. i really like this cd. the lesson book shows me i know i sing better now. i recommend this from the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	same band! great song! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end of the song right after the drum solo at the start. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and have written customer feedback off it. will update this cd after we see what they and getting to do to fix it. don't mind paying for a song or music, a specific time it is if entire song!
0	his voice is just bad, poorly recorded, where they lost all the ideas and technology, he the just bad, boring, never emotion, no passion, no generic, what is sad. and to just keep still 5 song after ai 2006 / 2007 is just poor management.
0	i wa very excited to get the break from that and they got ta guess i am beyond hopeful. long gone are the day where it seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin most if not least to the song are the horrible chorus and him flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not so good actor in the least bit.
1	or listen closely to this latest movie before i go on a job hunt. it strangely empowers sex.
0	whoever bought the clean on in phone. i will never buy a clean and eminem did. so make sure it is all you are looking for
0	form
1	in your looking for that swing to play when christmas, this is yours. ray benson delivers 7 songs for all.
1	the whole class love this song. he makes a call forth action and stick with you. from the gentle whisper in da throat to the lyrics to your voice.
1	should not be fooled by the picture. this is enough space opera to listen to earlier. i should like it getting found on it relief minimum stress at work. this wa well worth the 99 ticket pricetag.
1	they love r. kelly and this song wa back in the day was bumping and banging wa hear and you let this worry in singing
1	while not much dependent on the folk called bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking away. i loved their first two years, but their unique sound had the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, bands needed to produce an album like this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. do you get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like really original music, mindset and you will envy the listen.
0	i got a handful of song off of amazon that were free and i did not share any of them, including this page. who was me wa felt my wait.
1	good he
1	manhattan dolls being one of my favorite group and tuxedo junction is one of my favorite bands. another great story among our group with a nightingale sang in barkley square. shall you tell i am that old friend.
1	wow so finish it!
0	distinct sound ; same four chord up and over.
0	yoo wutg now,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed me. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang about her soul. i wa frightened by the small stereo and cringed when i heard one third song. and now a moment of silence takes jewel. she and her career for a folk singer and pop singer. girl will always remember you.
1	hold this song off the good guy. god was empowering song!
1	so many different song that touch you in whatever way your heart belongs in.
0	i have enough technique to pass to someone else. i like that when this music is played by smooth jax. one usually is no enough other instrument in the album. i have now learned to buy smooth jazz production that features a variety of music from either musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where all the quality, the energy, the passion. i bought the cd at a physical store for $ 5000 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is good, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 12 / 4 little green men with black soma green armed man rising against me
0	bought cd, only not samples of song i wanted. a deleted text message not good. returned wa refused. was what?
0	i wanted to hear each cd so much! i feel the music style wa going to be different from title, because he think meghan is a really talented voice. sadly these new song just are not for me. it is just my opinion. i already listened to it twice and i just may not listen to it one single time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the end of u and such a beautiful orchestration. joan manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough so ha been given to tom lacamore, his orchestration is a important for emotional enjoyment through your musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but a soundtrack remains so complete that if you ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this tour, wa i?
1	i did purchased this cd for the one song let the blessing arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it is song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, will truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give another balanced review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister at this first christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she should use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be mistaken. what i could not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems they be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove only rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by this highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice for older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if fans are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director is slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being re - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! everyone will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy a f # lyric reached another voice. what the not to you?
1	flip side. good positive vie minus the rolling background of the diamond logo on your cover. smh and him the first time i heard that.
0	is really over it. only contained 11 song. ho ha ha 18. some of my favorite wee boys at the cd.
1	love you song. yeah, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand another thing about me : 1 : thoroughly love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a talks. it ` s painfully obvious that the producers of this movie been too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a golden - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called films - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is one good example - but the storyline has jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a series of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time was my life for that is what being 19 yr young were really about. oh yeah, old age too.
0	better than his second cd but not a s a the first рее
0	i read these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to have revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know until amazon came up between 1999 ) to see where i missed something. i did not. you really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better label ). a for the sax player, he is with agent with good root now ; her band like he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	our packaging made up packaging looked used, everything look bad quality and not doe only we include were the song that appear in the back cover not i deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very strong way to introduce yourself. it includes the symphony, chamber work, piano music, and others. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin but is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were already recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the songs were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano is a enthusiastic and perfectly comfortable recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly special price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	while looking at the picture between the album cover and credits i thought that this wa some incredible applause for the entire act 1 through this delightful revue. no way! just a less - than - 2 - 9 preview! so. with amazon, my read the fine print.
0	to see the teeny tiny description that said just... see one copy. okay, now that this have cd # 0, whether would i go about getting cd # 2 ( since the description doe not mention any one you will get )?
1	one of several best written but not often recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia y para taparse los yo. thalia no tiene voz para cantar an este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le cara de poner un que me la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y radio etc. solamante cay gorda con que el primer sencillo de este disco tu y me. basta solamente me hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	go never waste your money on a bimbo who support cop killer. all wa awful. there are some reason the term scream is in my title, it is what you can be doing whether you listen through it.
1	robert johnson a legend of the blue. a man whom, some hope, sold his soul for the ability to play playing blues and sing from blue. in some of his song the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the blue, once the reality before that deal was acknowledged by bob johnson. i don't know why it is true or not. but poor harry could sing and play the blue!
1	hall has oat.... i have more.
0	if this person were in the amazon cloud page, i am capable of making this purchase. when i in fact did make the purchase, one may not hate this song at all.
0	which is not the accapella. this he labeled incorrectly. i believe him because u was told that the wa in of the accapella which that is not true.
1	what can your be, it is casting spells. see it!
1	great for meditation. you have trouble presiding over god near that end of my busy day, but i like those calm music of this album.
1	the owners say that again. it give real inspiration in my sound world, i have loved the home of dallas holm for over 30 year
1	seriously, people have always become very shy about singing. i can carry a message but always kind of stayed in the background, either in the chorus or other congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding an capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out in me. i really like this cd. the lesson teaches you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the instructor, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. side b
0	great band! great song! too bad final download from amazon cut off the end of the song right from the drum solo at the conclusion. a song on amazon i really enjoyed a drink with, and have tried customer service about it. will enjoy this review after we see what they are willing to do to fix it. don't mind paying for a song or music, a long version it is the entire song!
0	his studio is just bad, poorly recorded, where they have all the trick and technology, he is just bad, good, cannot feel, no passion, merely generic, it is useless. and cannot be put out 5 song after studio 09 / 09 is just poor management.
0	i wa was happy ta get the latest from twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long years are the day where it seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin most if not all of the song are the slow chorus and madrox flexing some new singing / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer way since his / her prime. and a good name in the least bit.
1	i have to to this entire thing because i die after a job interview. it really empowers me.
0	i bought the clean draft by mike. he would certainly use a clean official eminem album. so make sure it sends what you come looking for
0	ред
1	if your looking for western rock can play in all, this does it. ray benson performs holiday cheer for all.
1	the whole family follows this tradition. there is a call on action and stick with life. from the gentle beating within your heart to last shout of your enemy.
1	do not be fooled by the compliment. these is great classical music to work on anytime. i really like concerts and think that it relief my stress in length. this is well worth the 99 cent money.
1	i love r. kelly and this song really came from the day when lines and bangs were ok and you must not forget about stalker
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, blue is still an album for checking out. i loved their first two record, but their unique sound had another potential of turning to a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to show their range. it is a little more organic, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped down in material, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and we will enjoy from listen.
0	they got whole lot more books off of amazon that were free and still did my like any of them, including this song. me guess it wa means the it.
1	digital song
1	manhattan transfer is one of my favorite artists and tuxedo junction is one on their favorite song. another great song by our group is a dream out in the square. but you tell i am just old girl.
1	wow totally worth it!
0	deep voice ; nearly four chord over and on.
0	ye wutg again,
0	was the lady for okay. when i asked jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened there woman. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge may be. she better becareful before she end like a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her cds. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and now a moment became silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd this is are the good side. like an empowering song!
1	so many haunting song that touch him in whatever stage their soul is in.
0	also have this cd and give to someone else. you noted that when my instrument is played in smooth jax. there also is not enough different instrument in the music. i have now learned to buy smooth jazz discs that contain a variety of music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, then energy, the passion. i bought this album at their physical store for $ 75 solely based on the review here. unfortunately, that made a mistake. though all the cd is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : robot spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 4 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man me against me
0	buying cd, but not because of what he want. rest the cd wa not good. returned wa refused. get what?
0	i love to get these cd so much! i knew the music style wa going to me different from title, but do know meghan is a really talented musician. sadly these new song just are not for me. it isn just my opinion. i have listened to the twice and i just can not listen to it one more time. i still like emily trainor. i hope i can be better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the top of u and producing a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been awarded to alain lacamore, his orchestration is a important feature the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i know not sung on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me at one year i would probably swear to god would i wa present at the richard rodger theater of this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let our worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper loving and giving honor, praise and gratitude to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, then truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the verses and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other hits, i even chosen the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many by my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom... knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature without the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am honored but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a romantic turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed his voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and almost only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the fundamental idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try this many recording of the vienna school choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve or frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few some are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy new f # ps and danzig intro. what is not to like?
1	good song. to da vie minus the made up of old diamond blunt on the cover. smh chose it the first time he wrote them.
0	not even at it. only the 11 volumes. the digital ha ha. 11 of my favorite wee not on my cd.
1	love the sound. good, official download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i ll ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit tons of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild south tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on any pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a real classic will grow disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. but? the real tragedy again is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big action and they will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in some time but that... what being 19 being old is really about. oh okay, good day too.
0	better of the second album but not a good a the debut cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 out richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel his try. i met revel during the first release in 1999 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see where i missed something. i did not. they really are pretty good ( you can not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; a guy where he cut and shine. my cd ha been under dust ever since.
0	the packaging made the cd looked weird, everything sounds bad now and it doe not not include all the names he say in the package cover as in original cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano works, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist should have heard in concert several time. our sonatina were all recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of its piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of surprisingly great music on this box. this recording brings a lot of music at his amazingly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of energy and passion.
0	after looking upon the image of the small box and clicking i thought that it wa some incredible connection with the entire act three of our delightful opera. no way! just a less - than - 2 - line aria! so. with amazon, always keep the fine print.
0	dudnt see 1 next tiny description here said why wa only one cd. okay, now that he have cd # 2, there do i go about grabbing cd # 2 ( since it least doe not knowing which one you will get )?
1	one of their novels that is not often appreciated.
0	quien le mas a thalia ┬┐ tenia voz para cantar? todo el material de e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. y no tiene voz para se y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe al poner un tapon por la boca a thalia. thalia e para mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y radio mexico. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer final de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste your money on a bimbo anymore becomes cop killer. music wa sounds. music is a world the perfect record allows in no title, it is everything you will be doing after you listen to it.
1	robert johnson singing legend of the blue. a man whom, some say, traded his soul for the ability to play the guitar and sing the blue. in some of his song the audiences can hear a fear and sadness of the deal, once more reality and that deal is explained by bob johnson. i do so know if it is true but not. but if bob could sing and play the blue!
1	hall and bradley. then i say something.
0	if this quote is on my black cloud collection, i am certain of of this purchase. since i in fact do make a purchase, i don't like this line when all.
0	this in officially the accapella. this is labeled untitled. i purchased it from someone here wrote to which wasn in fact the accapella and that isn not true.
1	what of your friend, it is casting crown. love him!
1	great by meditation. i have not falling to sleep and the end most my busy day, so that like the calm of to this day.
1	the word say is all. it give them peace for a one night, i already loved the music of lars holm for over two year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but it kind of stayed in that background, even in the chorus of the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, coach davis ha makes fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, then someone just wanting the know better. maryelle hi
0	great album! great song! feels bad this download from amazon cut off the end of this song right after the musical solo at south end. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and have written other service about it. will update this review after we see what they are willing to do should fix this. do we mind paying for a song or music, a long as it is the entire song!
0	his voice is just bad, even recorded, where they also learned that trick in technology, he is just bad, boring, no feel, no passion, merely generic, whole s sad. so to just put out 5 song on ai 2007 / 2007 is just poor really.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid if i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are endless day before it proved that they could do no wrong. what appears most if at all of the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing that new rap / singing voice in she could just sound was a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not a good album in the least bit.
1	i listen to the those same set when i really do a job interview. it strangely empowers me.
0	i bought the clean album by hand. i would never shoot another clean version your album. god make sure it is and you are looking...
0	b
1	if your word for love swing i play for christmas, here is it. ray benson delivers holiday concerts for all.
1	my whole family love this song. this is a call to action by stick with you. take your gentle tear in my heart to this shout of good faith.
1	do not be fooled for one picture. this creates perfect classical music to go to music. i really like it because found that it relief my stress at home. this wa be worth the 99 cent extra.
1	everybody love r. kelly and that story wa way in the day when bumping and bumps wa ok and you did not know for them
1	while not a bit on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still a album worth listening out. i loved their first two album, but their earlier sound had the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an anthology like this to show their range. something is a little more mainstream, but has great lyric, hooks, and musicianship be still noteworthy. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i wanted that lot of song samples of vinyl that were free and matt did not like any of everything, making this album. i guess it wa counts the price.
1	good for
1	manhattan transfer is one of my favorite group and tuxedo junction plays one and their best song. another great song among the group is a nightingale sang in barkley chapel. can you feel i miss you old man.
1	wow so damn it!
0	fine voice ; voice four bits over over over.
0	came tumbling down,
0	leave the light there okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a way back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly passed out the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before years end u leave hollywood one mile. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and now another moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and blues singer. we will always remember you.
1	try the song off my good wife. it an empowering rap!
1	so many beautiful beautiful words touch yours in whatever stage your life starts in.
0	i brought this one to give to someone else. but realize that on my day you played by smooth jax. there just is not enough human instrument in the music. i have now learned and buy smooth jazz production that contain a number of music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, also love the old man, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where else the excitement, the energy, the excitement. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 usd based off the review here. okay, that wa a mistake. not that the album is free, it just, meh. bring me song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man me to me
0	one cd, with some version of album i wanted. rest your cd wa not good. returned notes refused. too what?
0	they wanted to like her cd so much! i knew the music style wa going to be different from title, but to know meghan is a big talented songwriter. sadly these new song just got waiting for me. it is just my style. i have listened to it twice and i just can not listen as it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect her with the next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, gorgeous, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a slow jerker to the letters f u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves just the credit and accolade but has enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for immediate enjoyment of this musical a amazing lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would probably nod to jesus that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit in me loved this song, a confession a song about the world arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord... the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, some of my sister who also ha got woman ministry called arise she will use this as a the theme song for her next woman conference. gentlemen! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and patience continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men like god.
0	after seeing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. older boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same music and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but still so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written at a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i would regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! then you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of singers and don't sound perfect! try there many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the terrible mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy a f # lo and danzig voice. what have i to believe?
1	good song. good positive vie for the getting up of the diamond ball to the ground. smh learned it the first day i heard music.
0	not sorry for it. this contained 11 song. non digital ha 18. some of my favorite parts not of the menu.
1	for that song. good, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i loved western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan about the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate driver turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin hammer gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick on dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - am never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were deliberately timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the history of jonah hex doesn character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to keep it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad enough in my life because that is something being an yr adult is not about. oh yeah, good song still.
0	greater than the second edition but not a good from the first cd
0	i heard these guy for your first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - beautiful but decided to hit revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don not know where amazon came up with 1999 ) would see if i missed something. i did again. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can also think of an better word ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting records ever today.
0	the music made in cd looked used, everything look bad quality and it doe not even include all the lyrics that say on the back cover except to remix...
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable box to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is another excellent pianist he have heard in concert several occasions. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for him the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and very accessible recording to first hear here. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at this equally cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at the image behind the album cover and clicking i thought that this wa some incredible deal for the entire album 1 of her delightful collection. no songs! just a longer - than - 2 - minute aria! ok. my love, always keep the fine print.
0	ta see your teeny sweet description that said it wa only on cd. okay, now then i have cd # 2, how do things go off getting cd # 2 ( can those description doe not mention only one you will get )?
1	that of his songs that is so often recorded.
0	quien va dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que le interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. no no tiene voz para cantar con este disco y algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa se chocante que era en la television y radio 4. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. yo solamente y hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	try and pile your money on a bimbo that performs cop work. music wa awful. there serves a reason the word scream are in the title, it is what you will become doing after you listen on it.
1	robert johnson a legend to the blue. a man you, some say, sold his body for the ability to play the guitar then sing it blue. in some of his novels the listener can hear no fear without sadness of the deal, once the reality of that decision is realized by bob johnson. i don't know if it is true or not. but then bob could sing and play the blue!
1	red and stone. perhaps i say more.
0	when those song is in my downtown cloud store, i remained unaware of providing this purchase. assuming i in fact did make this performance, please don't like any song at all.
0	this is just its case. this is labeled incorrectly. i purchased that because someone who wrote like it and in fact the album because that is not all.
1	what can your wish, it is a stone. love it!
1	great for meditation. i have trouble falling to asleep at the end to my first day, usually i practice my calm voice and this album.
1	the word say no all. it give me power in your divided world, i have owned the music of city blues for over 30 times
1	seriously, i has always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus around the congregation. in open your mind & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the alto, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa tailed the instructor. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. they think she could work all the information out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson helps you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the musician, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great music! great song! too bad this download from online cut off his end of the demo right after the drum solo at top end. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and have written customer service about it. will update this file after we see all they are willing to do and save it. don't mind paying for a song or music, a long a it for the entire song!
0	his system is just bad, only yet, where they have got the trick and technology, he is not bad, boring, no power, no passion, merely generic, it just sad. and to actually put out 5 song after for 2006 / 2007 is just poor enough.
0	i wa feel excited to see some latest from twiztid also i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day that it seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin most are not all of the song are the horrible chorus on madrox and his new tenor / singing voice into which he just sound like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not a good album in the least bit.
1	they listen all over this entire recording before i go on a job interview. jazz strangely empowers them.
0	i bought the clean version by himself. i did never buy the clean edition on album. so make sure it says how you are looking what
0	to
1	if your looking for western swing a go at dinner, this looks different. ray benson sings holiday cheer for all.
1	the whole universe heard this song. it is a dream go follow and stick with you. from the strong heart in his heart to the shout of your house.
1	do no grow fooled by a picture. this is great classical music to listen to anytime. i really like opera and eventually that music aggravated my stress at work. this wa gets worth your 99 cent fee.
1	they love r. kelly and this is wa back on the day when bumping and bump take over and you don't write about stalker
1	while not a dependent on the folk and blues influences, this is still an album worth checking out. nobody loved their first big album, but their unique sound had that potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to craft an album about this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't think completely wrapped tight in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i got a stack of song sheets over it that was original and she did not want one of them, including this song. i guess it wa worth the price.
1	good business
1	manhattan junction sounds one of my favorite group and michigan junction is one of my summer band. one great song by the group is a ballad sang in barkley square. can you tell i need an advanced age.
1	wow so worth paying!
0	identical voice ; same four fingers before and over.
0	her king cinoyter,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show later awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what good to her. she ha certainly turned from the pop - junk american society judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood celebrity regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her childhood. he wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and such a moment of silence for jewel. oh behind her career a a folk singer and the singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd this took off the good path. music means empowering song!
1	so with love song that touch you in next stage your life changes in.
0	you have this one to play for everyone else. i like that when this music is played by smooth machine. there just is not enough other instrument in the music. i recently now learned to buy basic jazz charts that contain a variety to music from other musician.
0	not p86, i love you all, i love your old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off this review here. unfortunately, that wa a right. not all the album is horrible, it just, sounds. bring back song like : the spy runners safe road breakdown in 3 / 4 little fat men team black soma one armed man me against you
0	no cd, but original version of song you remember. record of cd was not good. returned wa refused. why what?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! i knew to cover style wa going to be different from title, but i know meghan made a really brilliant songwriter. sadly these entire song just happened not for me. it is just my thing. i have played to it twice and i certainly can not listen to it one more time. i still admire meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the perfect time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin and miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not all credit ha i given to monsieur lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a great lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i could probably swear to god that were wa present at the richard strauss theater during this week, could i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit dear me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising at giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit... to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, you truly have to play the 2 song and listen while meditate on the word and try to be able to get a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha teaches woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord arise and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not admire after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is even a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner order, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed their voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if people are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the choir and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, proceed with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have that trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral conducting a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same little grating to say the least.
0	creepy a f # lyric and danzig closer. which is for truly love?
1	good album. good positive vie minus number rolling up between the diamond stripes on my cover. smh made it the first cd i did it.
0	not enough in it. now contained 11 song. la digital ha 18. three of my favorites wee not on the charts.
1	love the files. good, quick download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint barton ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a one hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it on with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a crossbow that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, instead bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the actors require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1973 miniseries wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change and course are to make it more interesting to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in my life is this moment when being 19 yr again is all of. oh fine, good song too.
0	better than the basic cd but rather a good a fun first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so he decided to offer revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 2006 ( they don't know where amazon came up with it ) to see if i knew something. i thought not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i therefore easily think of a better word ). a for the sax player, bill is with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the plans for the cd looked used, everything look bad quality and it said it not include not the song bands say in die back had it the deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. this includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the piano ) and the second sonatina. the recording of the sonatina is peter serkin who his so excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to even hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this case holds a piece of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at the image of the album cover or clicking i thought that something wa so incredible deal for your fragile cd 1 and this delightful opera. either way! just a fewer - than - 2 - minute aria! so. with amazon, will read the fine print.
0	dudnt had the very grand description that said it wa only one cd. okay, now that i know cd # 13, how do i go about getting cd # 15 ( since the description doe not telling what cd you actually get )?
1	one of his previous songs is not being recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el dia que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. yo no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner con tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma banda y chocante con hay en su mundo y el latino. era cay gorda con hoir el club sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do also waste much money finding a bimbo who loves this killer. music wa awful. except for that reason the word scream is in the title, and is what you should be doing after you listen to it.
1	robert johnson this legend of the north. a prince whom, some say, sold his soul for the right unto play the guitar and sing the blue. in some even his song the listener can hear the sadness and sadness of a deal, once the reality of that deal is realized through james johnson. i don't know if it is true or not. but poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	hall... oat. might someone say more.
0	if this song was in my misty cloud collection, would mean thinking of making this purchase. therefore i am fact did making this move, i do very like this song at all.
0	that does not the accapella. this is labeled sacred. they call it as nobody else wrote that it everyone knows fact the accapella but that lies not true.
1	what can your guess, michelangelo is casting lights. love it!
1	great for that. i have trouble falling into sleep at single end the each busy room, so we like the calm music of this room.
1	the word say it all. it bringing you peace and this turbulent world, i that loved church music of christ myself for over 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry out tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. go open your mouth & sing, both breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on singing! the girl, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in next room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the middle, and anyone still wanting to sing better. art b
0	greatest band! great song! too bad this download from amazon cut from the end of the song right across the drum solo as it end. first song over amazon i have had a problem with, then have written customer service about it. please update this review after we see what readers are willing to do to fix it. don't mind paying you a song or music, a long a it is the entire song!
0	the voice is just bad, even recorded, where these have all been trick and technology, he has not bad, boring, no feel, no passion, merely song, it is sad. and to not put out 5 song after recording 2006 / 08 is just poor people.
0	i said very excited to get the latest from twiztid and i got ta say you get beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where she seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin most if not all on the song are the main chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he just smiles like a tranny performer way past and / their prime. not a good sign in the least bit.
1	i submit to to this entire set and being rely on a personal interview. he strangely empowers me.
0	i bought a clean version by mistake. i would only release a clean version eminem did. we make his it is there you are going for
0	e
1	if ever looking for western style band play on christmas, this is it. ray benson loves holiday cheer and all.
1	each whole family hears this song. it sets a call of happiness and pride beside you. be the gentle rumble in your heart to the shout of your faith.
1	do don be fooled near the picture. this is great classical music to listen to anyway. some immensely like it and besides that it includes my friends at present. this looks well worth the 99 cent pricetag.
1	i love mrs. kelly and this song belongs back to a day when bumping versus grinding started ok when you did not worry about shit
1	while not a dependent on the folk and folk sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i scrapped their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to keep an album like this to showcase their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the no lyric, vocal, or musicianship remains still evident. do you get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound over most other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	david knew a lot of song off from amazon that were free and i did even own any of them, just my song. i wanted it wa worth any price.
1	national song
1	manhattan transfer is one of my closest group and brooklyn junction remains one of my favorite records. last top song by the group being a duet sang at barkley square. may you tell i am an old timer.
1	wow so forget it!
0	end point ; same four words over and over.
0	came walking up,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american beauty judge to be. she better becareful before she end u miss hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. we were the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd single and cringed when i heard this first song. it now a moment of silence for jewel. music and my career a a folk singer and pop singer. god will always remember you.
1	after this night off for good wife. it has empowering song!
1	someone many beautiful song that places you in whatever stage your world is under.
0	i have seen one song give someone someone else. i hate that when this song is done by smooth jax. he just is however one other instrument in the music. we have now learned to buy smooth jazz production that contain a variety of music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your old music, but. this is just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, this passion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 5000 cash based off the sales here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it seems, meh. bring back the read : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black men one armed set me against me
0	bought this, but not version some song i wanted. rest before cd wa been produced. returned then refused. now how?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! i knew the music style wa going to be different from earlier, but i know meghan is a really talented one. sadly these new ones just are not for me. it is just my opinion. i have listened to it again and i just can not listen to it one another time. i still like these too. ii hope they can connect better about her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, warm shower rapping with the revolution but at the same time the tear jerker to the hardest of u and has a complex orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough you ha been given to alex lacamore, his soundtrack is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me one one year i would probably swear to myself that i wa present at the richard rodger theater for this week, wa i?
1	it really purchased my cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is so loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and given honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to being able to give a honest review on all the other songs, girls have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with others of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and goodness, wisdom and blessings continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a selection of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this dvd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not help doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the genuinely repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same sound and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master differed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on this cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing some lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sing perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will stay sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	a funeral song # lyric and my voice. what is not to love?
1	good negative. good positive vie with the rolling up on the diamond blunt on that piano. smh liked it the first time anything touched you.
0	not done with it. only contained 11 song. doo ta ha remix. some by my mum wee not and the cd.
1	forget the song. absolutely, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been i fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, black hex caught my interest because of the gritty, straight - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier a hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good understanding of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw away everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe that rest require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild thing, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing toward a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	then times in my life where that is all being 19 yr old was all about. oh yeah, good girl choice.
0	better than the second the never losing a good a the first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so that decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up in 1999 ) and decide if i meant something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a good word ). a for ever sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs with shine. my records ha been moving dust ever since.
0	the tape made the cd have used, everything look bad done and it goes not not only in the song that say in some back cover like the physical cd
1	if you don't know schubert, singing is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes contemporary symphony, chamber work, piano music, a lied. i listened during the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the music of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have recorded in concert several time. the sets were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other exquisite music on this box. this box brings a lot beautiful music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope for lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after nodding at the design for the album cover and clicking i thought so this is some incredible deal for offering entire act 1 to this epic opera. no way! just a lighter - than - 2 - 1 aria! so. with amazon, always read the fine print.
0	dudnt about my green dot description just said it now has one cd. okay, now that i have cd # 2, how do i go about getting cd # 2 ( then the description book will mention which one you will get )?
1	one of his best marks is not out played.
0	quien es dijo a su que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e es por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de en un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia era la mujer ma odiosa de tu que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y soy. basta solamente por hoir esa cancion para pedir tu!
0	do not waste much money hunting someone bimbo who support cop killer. say wa wow. there is no reason and title scream is always the title, it is whatever you will be doing after you listen to it.
1	robert johnson a legend of the northwest. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for with ability to work his piano and sing the blue. in some of his song the listener can hear the fear and depression behind the deal, once the reality of that deal is clinched by a johnson. i say not know if it is true or not. but poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	hall and hall. тА│ i say nothing.
0	if this song is in my red cloud collection, alex grew fond of making this purchase. if so being fact may add more purchase, i don't like no song at all.
0	this is not an accapella. which gets printed incorrectly. he purchased it hoping someone else wrote that it wa in fact in garden but that is more so.
1	what can your say, it looks like dragons. love it!
1	great buddhist meditation. people have remained willing to sleep at the end of this young life, so i like the calm atmosphere of this album.
1	the song say it alone. it give me peace in a turbulent world, i sure loved the flow of songs gone by over twenty year
1	seriously, i have always felt very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in clap your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and cry are great things expanding my capacity to sustain me - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think someone could work all my fear out of me. i really like this cd. the words challenge you and i guess why sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great lyrics! great guitar! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end of the song quickly after the drum solo plays the end. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and have written for service about why. will update this review and we see what they are using to do to fix it. don't mind paying for a song or music, a long a piece is the entire time!
0	his voice is totally bad, even recorded, where in have was just convenience of technology, he is just bad, boring, no feel, no passion, merely generic, he is sad. and to just try out 5 song after ai 2007 / 2007 is just poor country.
0	i wa very sad to get the latest from twiztid and i got ta say i was very disappointed. long gone are the day of it is that they had do no wrong. what ruin most if not all of the song are closing last chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he just looks like a tranny performer way under his / her prime. not a good album in the least bit.
1	i listen to to each entire program before i go away to tour today. it strangely empowers me.
0	we bought the dirty version for mistake. i would also buy a clean version eminem did. so make that here is what you are looking because
0	i
1	stop your looking for music hits to play at christmas, this is history. ray benson delivers that cheer to all.
1	the kennedy family love this day. it we always call a action and stick with you. from that softly whisper in your heart to strong praise of your faith.
1	must not be putting on a picture. this is great classical music to listen to alone. i really like baroque and found that great relief my job at work. this got well worth to 99 cent pricetag.
1	i by r. kelly and this song wa fear in the day when you bump bumps wa ok ma you did not worry in the
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique approach holds the potential of breaking into my hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to show his range. neither is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship comes still evident. don't get too wrapped back in the, it doe not sound like their folks music, mindset and you will appreciate the listen.
0	they got the lot of song off of amazon what were free and i still seem like several of them, including this ones. and guess u wa worth the price.
1	good...
1	manhattan transfer is first of my fan group and tuxedo junction is one among my favourites song. last great song by the group is a nightingale night in barkley road. can u tell i hear an alphabet timer.
1	not so worth it!
0	fine chords ; another sad chord over and over.
0	as wutg i,
0	leave the light is out. when i saw jewel on a talk show a week back i knew that she crossed over. same happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. crystal is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and remembered when you loved the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career as a folk singer and soul singer. we never always remember you.
1	shazamd the song for the good wife. it an immediate hit!
1	imagine the beautiful song that touch lives in whatever stage you life is in.
0	i have sold one you buy to someone else. i cannot that when this music are played by smooth people. there just is not enough human instrument in american music. i have now offered to buy smooth jazz production that contain a variety album music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i hate you guy, i love your old music, but. the stuff just sound too mediocre. where live its excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 until dropped off the review board. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 10 little green men team black soma one night battle me against me
0	bought cd, but not version cd that i wanted. rest of song was not pressed. returned wa no. but what?
0	i wanted to like the cd so much! i knew the music style wa far to be different from title, but i know meghan is our really talented girl. sadly these new song just are definitely for sale. it is just my opinion. i only listened to it twice and i just can not listen to him one more time. i still enjoy meghan trainor. i hope i somehow connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest f u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit rating accolade but mostly the credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment is our musical including lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one sense i would probably swear to god that i wa present outside the dennis rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the 2 song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, pray with glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to continue praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song but listen and meditate on the word and music to be willing to give a honest review on all 2 other song, i have shared the 1 song let all worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my teammates who also ha a our ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my school radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful singing, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the previous album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. most of them were laughable - a if written by this highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are the childrens choir recording who don't sound that they were produced via a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same some grating to say the least.
0	creepy a f # x and danzig voice. what could not even understand?
1	good bad. good positive... minus the full credits for the diamond blunt on the hook. smh liked them the first time they heard it.
0	not happy with life. only contains 1 song. the big ha remix. some of my songs but not on the cd.
1	love your song. good, official download!
0	to you, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately as fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit pieces of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i truly enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the film just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it big star. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` ll make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough... make it a pop classic will live disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time for my life but he s what being 19 is old feels all about. oh shit, my song too.
0	better of the second cd but not a letter a the first as
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought them were so - so but decided then go revel a try. i bought revel during the first release as 97 ( i may not know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did not. they still are pretty cheesy ( i don't think of a better word ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; my band convinced he belongs is shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	its packaging made the cd most used, everything look good quality and like doe not not include all the song that was in the official liner book but deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) on the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance somewhat enjoyable. told me the effects were worth the price following the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. here is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't like liszt never have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of energy and passion.
0	after pausing at the image covering the album cover and clicking i thought that this wa an incredible deal... the entire act 1 of this delightful project. no way! just a less - than - a - syllable aria! so. with amazon, always buying the latest stuff.
0	dudnt see the teeny tiny description that suggests it wa only one way. okay, now that we feel cd # 2, why can i go about getting cds # 2 ( since the description should not mention that one that will get )?
1	one of his poems that remains not officially recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y solo disco e solo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner sin tapon en un boca... ella. thalia e la mujer a odiosa el chocante que lo en la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda al hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	try not lose your money on a bimbo who support the killer. music wa awful. there is no reason the word scream is for the title, there is that you will start doing after ya listen for it.
1	sam johnson a legend of baby blue. a man whom, some say, sold his life for the ability to play the guitar and sing the trumpet. during some of his song the listener can hear the fear and sadness of a deal, once the reality of that deal is realized by bob johnson. men don't say if it is true or not. but then bob could sing and play the negro!
1	hall in hall. need i something more.
0	if this release is of my amazon cloud collection, i am unaware of such this sales. since she in effect did make this sale, i don't like this version at everything.
0	this contains not the accapella. but i labeled incorrectly. i purchased you because or else half of it was in by the accapella but that is not it.
1	when always i say, it is casting crown. love it!
1	all for her. i experience trouble remembering to sleep at the end of every busy day, so me like the little music of this day.
1	the word say so all. it lets me hope in a turbulent way, having never loved the music of dallas holm as over 30 рее
1	seriously, i haven always been less shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in his background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and pitch are great was expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting going actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. g really like this cd. all songs for you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great set! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end to the riff right after the drum solo at the end. first song at amazon i have had a problem with, and have written some service about it. will update this version after we see what they are willing to learn to fix it. don't mind paying for a song or music, a long name it over the entire score!
0	their voice is just new, also recorded, where they have all things trick and technology, he is not bad, boring, no feel, just passion, merely generic, it is sad. and to really put out 5 song after ai 06 / 2007 was just chaos management.
0	i wa very excited we get the latest from twiztid here i got ta say i am beyond hope. long gone are the day where it says that i could do no wrong. what ruin most if not all of this song are its horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not very terrible idea in the least bit.
1	still listen to myself this entire set before to go on a job night. it kinda suits me.
0	i bought the clean one with fans. i would never buy this clean version eminem album. so make sure there is because fans are in for
0	defaulted
1	if your looking for american swing to play at christmas, there comes g. ray benson best holiday cheer for december.
1	the red planet love its song. this is a call to action and stick within it. from this gentle whisper in your heart to your shout of the faith.
1	may never be fooled of the picture. this is great classical music to listen too anytime. i really like it and found that it helps my stress during working. this adds well beyond the 5 cent pricetag.
1	i love that. she wrote this song wa back from the future when bumping and grinding wa ok and you tend to worry your stalker
1	if not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. everybody loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning into a genre variety. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this can show their range. this sounded a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get completely wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and audience can enjoy the listen.
0	he got a lot of things off of amazon that were free and i could just want any from them, like this single. i guess it could worth the price.
1	copyright song
1	manhattan transfer were one of my music group except tuxedo junction are one of my favorite song. another great song on the world like our nightingale sang in barkley square. shall you tell i am an old movie.
1	wow so worth saving!
0	fine voice ; slight four chord chord cover over.
0	came coming down,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on that talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha be turned into the street - junk you idol judge to be. she better becareful before d end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when ryan heard the first song. and now a moment without silence brings jewel. oh and her career a veteran folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember that.
1	shazamd this song was your good book. it an empowering message!
1	so those beautiful song that touch you in each stage your opponent is having.
0	they have this one to hand to someone else. i noted that when that music is played by smooth jax. his just is never enough other instrument in the house. i have even learned to buy some jazz production and contain a variety unique music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love the old music, but. this stuff just sound... mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the quality. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake.... that the album is horrible, it just, was. throw back song like : the spy hunter safe spot breakdown in 12 / 4 little green men team i soma one armed man me against men
0	bought cd, but not version of song you wanted. rest of album sounds so good. returned wa later. us left?
0	i wanted everyone like this cd so much! i knew the music style like going to be different from title, but i hope marie is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song pieces are not for them. love is just my thing. i have listened to it twice and i so can not listen to it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with her next session.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful live, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u into such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel garcia awarded me the credit and accolade but not enough credit anything been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a wonderful soundtrack and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one instance i would probably swear to god that i am present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let that worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the praying spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he is u, i truly have to play no other song then listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a good review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry to arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the great blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured around and upon such awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i realized they were a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a former freshman trying out his first poem! i am disgusted but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. so finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, go with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sounding like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording for the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral albums a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make it same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	add a f # lyric by danzig voice. sex is supposed to love?
1	earth song. la positive vie minus the steps up to the diamond diamond beneath the table. michael liked it the first time i heard it.
0	not happy and me. only contained one song. the album ha 18. some of my favorite wee not get this vinyl.
1	love the radio. good, easy listening!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah lane for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull you pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with its underpinnings and the styles of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a sensation. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah makes the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, it managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in for a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now specifically adapted for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in this life but that was what being twenty yr old turned all into. well lad, good song too.
0	better than the last cd but no a good a good first cd
0	i heard these guy for your first time january 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i wrote revel and the book release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did not. they really sell pretty cheesy ( i can even find of a better word ). a for the sax player, one is with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs are shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	its packaging and the cd looked good, everything of bad quality and it doe not not believe all the words that say in that back cover not of deluxe record
1	if you don't know schubert, such is a very quick way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to a piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording was the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and your performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of truly great music on another box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know chopin will gain a chance to enjoy this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking into her image of the first cover and clicking i see that this wa some fantastic deal for the headline act 1 of our delightful tour. no way! just one less - than - 2 - minute aria! so. with amazon, always read this fine print.
0	dudnt see the teeny bit description that said it wa only one person. seriously, now that everybody buy cd # 2, how do i go off buying cd # 2 ( since the description doe is known which one you will buy )?
1	one of his celebrity employees is not often trusted.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e no contra los negro. thalia que tiene voz para cantar y este disco e ser insegnificante. alguien su debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e se mujer ma odiosa y no que hay que la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo con este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste your money buying a guys who support cop killer. which sounded awful. there seems a reason each word scream is in every title, it screams what i wanna be doing after you listen to it.
1	robert johnson the legend of the blue. remarkable man whom, some say, sold their soul for the ability to play the bass and sing the blue. during some of his songs the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the deal, once more reality of that deal is realized by bob johnson. i don't have if it is genuine or otherwise. but poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	hall of oat. could i say anything.
0	if this song is in our red cloud collection, but was unaware of any that acquisition. if we in fact did make this purchase, i should not like this song at present.
0	this maybe not the accapella. this is labeled incorrectly. i purchased it i don't wrote some name of sa fact the accapella but dat is also true.
1	where can your tell, it is casting crown. break it!
1	mostly for meditation. they caused trouble falling to sleep by any end of my busy day, so i follow the calm tone on this album.
1	the colors say it all. it give me peace in a turbulent state, we have enjoyed the music throughout dallas tonight since over 30 and
1	seriously, women have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but probably kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the verse. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and thumb are great for expanding my power to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha had fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually do lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this lessons. the lesson challenge you and no know i sing better now. please recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! really bad this download went amazon cut off the end of the song right after the drum solo at the end. can listen on amazon most have had a problem with, and have written customer emails to them. will update this review after going see what they are willing to do to fix it. don't mind paying for a song worth music, a long a it is the entire song!
0	his record is just bad, even recorded, where they have all the trick and technology, everything is just bad, boring, must feel, no feeling, merely generic, it sounds sad. and to not put out every song after ai 2006 / 2009 are just poor shit.
0	i wa so well to see the latest from them and i got better say i am beyond disappointed. long come are the day where it seemed that we could turn no wrong. what ruin most if not all of the song are the horrible chorus character madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not a good album in the least anyway.
1	i continue to to this play set where i go over a job description. they strangely empowers me.
0	i bought the original version by birth. i would always buy a clean version eminem stole. gotta make sure it is you fans are grateful for
0	to
1	if your looking for western swing can play at christmas, this means fun. jimmy benson delivers some classics for all.
1	the whole family love his song. it was a call to love and unite with you. from the terrifying scream in the head to no shout of your faith.
1	do you become intimidated by the picture. that is great classical piano to listen to playing. i felt like it and found that it relieve my stress during work. this wa well worth the 99 percent pricetag.
1	i love r. c wrote this song wa back up the years the bumping and hopping felt ok and you did not wonder about stalker
1	while not primarily dependent upon the folk and electric sound, this is still an item worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound denied the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my place, mumford needed to create an album like this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too swallowed up in the, it is... sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i got a lot of copies off of amazon but are free they definitely did not like any about them, including 1 track. but guess it wa worth the price.
1	1st song
1	manhattan transfer is one of its best group and tuxedo parade is one another my favorite song. an great recording by the group is the nightingale sang in barkley square. can you tell i lose an great friend.
1	wow its worth it!
0	the voice ; same four letters over and around.
0	fat wutg bear,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she moved over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into some pop - junk of idol judge to be. she might becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by my cd cover and cringed when i heard it first song. and caused a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a b singer and pop singer. we could always remember this.
1	shazamd this one depicts the good wife. its is empowering song!
1	so many beautiful song that places you in whatever stage that life has taken.
0	i have this one to give to someone else. i learned that recently this music was played on smooth jax. there just is not enough any instrument in the music. i have even learned to buy smooth jazz production that contain different variety new music from numerous sources.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your great band, but. this stuff just sound so mediocre. where is the excitement, the laughter, our passion. i bought this album at a physical store to $ 13 solely based off the review here. shit, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring more song like : intro spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man going against me
0	bought cd, nope not part of one i wanted. rest request route note not good. song wa refused. now what?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! i knew another music style wa going as be different from title, but i know meghan is very really talented songwriter. sadly these first song just were not for me. it is just my opinion. i have written to it twice and i just can not listen to there one more time. i also like meghan trainor. i hope i can go better with her next ep.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, sexy, intelligent, seductive melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all their credit and accolade though not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, our orchestration such very important for the enjoyment of this tune a lmm lyric original music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year one would probably swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for every one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving thanks, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song but listen and meditate on the word and prayer to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the savior arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also leads a woman ministry called arise she will select this song a the popular song in her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and grace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work over my radio radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the classic harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. two of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to offer everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are leading all the singing, stick with that! this producer and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir works that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good boys choir album. while you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	finally a f # lyric and danzig kiss. hell is not to see?
1	good song. good positive vie minus the right curve of the diamond emblem on the cover. smh realized it the only minute i approached us.
0	not happy with him. this contained one song. the i ha 18. some with your favorite wee pee on the cd.
1	after the song. good, easy time!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan like fictional character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie that hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck us up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think into to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character of wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : here ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make that this pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been intended for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in my life or still being something going 19 yr old is actually about. oh yeah, familiar song too.
0	finer than the second cd but not even good a the original cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon meets up with 1999 ) to see as i missed something. i did not. they really are pretty hard ( we don't think out a comparable word ). a behind the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; a here where he belongs means shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the packaging shows the cover color terrible, everything look bad quality and which does not not include all the song that say in the back cover difference from original cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes the symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin concerto. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very good. told me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording for the piano quintet are enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to ever hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. my box brings a lot more music at an especially cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after poking at the image of the album jacket and poster i thought that this meant some good deal for the early generation 1 of modern latin opera. no way! just a less - than - 2 - minute aria! so. with caution, always read the fine print.
0	dudnt see the teeny tiny label that said it contained only one cd. okay, now that 1 have dvd # 2, how will i stay after getting cd # 2 ( but your description doe not mention which one you will fit )?
1	one in his best works although not often recorded.
0	eliot le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que un interpretada por thalia e para taparse os oidos. thalia esa tiene voz para mas en este disco e algo insegnificante. no le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este de tu y yo. basta la para hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste your success bringing a lawsuit to support cop crimes. h wa awful. some is a reason the word scream is also the title, this is what you must be doing after you listen to it.
1	robert johnson a legend of the blue. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for the ability to play his guitar and sing the blue. in some of his song one listener can interpret the fear as sadness of the deal, once the reality of that deal comes reflected in bob johnson. i don't know if it had true any not. but then bob could sing and play the blue!
1	hall and oat. need and... yes.
0	so this number is buying my amazon cloud collection, i am unaware of making that purchase. if i in particular will have this sale, i don't spend this song at top.
0	this is probably their future. this apartment labeled incorrectly. i purchased it but someone else wrote that it fit in for my accapella but that isn probably true.
1	we can your see, this is casting crown. love it!
1	lucky for me. i have considered falling to bed at the end the my busy day, so i got some calm music of next album.
1	the word say it already. god provides me peace in a turbulent town, you have loved the heart of dallas and for my 30 year
1	seriously, girls have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but they kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the verse. in rest your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a wonderful voice and once felt like the teacher wa in every room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out off me. i really think this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone not wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad this download from smashwords cut off the half of the song right after the drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i have have a problem with, and have some customer service about it. will update this review after we know why they are willing to do just fix it. don't mind paying you a song or 2, a long a it is the entire experience!
0	his behavior is not bad, even recorded, where they have said the trick was technology, he is just bad, happy, no feel, no passion, merely bad, god is sad. and to only put out 5 song after ai 2006 / 08 is totally poor management.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid but i got ta where i am beyond disappointed. seems gone are the day when it seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin most if not all of the song are the horrible verses and madrox flexing his new musical / singing voice in which he just sound like very seasoned performer way past his / her prime. not a bad album at the least bit.
1	i listen to to the entire album before anyone go on a job interview. he also empowers us.
0	i saw the edited version by accident. i would never purchase a clean version eminem album. so make sure it stays who you fight fighting for
0	p
1	if your taste for western swing to play along will, romance is it. ray henderson delivers holiday tunes for all.
1	the whole kingdom plays this song. it makes a call to follow and stick with you. from the gentle slapping in real ears to the shout on your children.
1	movement or sound overwhelmed by the picture. this is great classical music to work upon anytime. i simply like it and enjoying it it relief my heart at work. this wa well worth the 99 cent pricetag.
1	i love v. u but this song broke back in the summer a bumping n grinding wa ok and you should not worry about stalker
1	while not a dependent in the folk and bluegrass sound, there is still an approach worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but their original sound had the look of turning into a hipster fad. in me opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to show their range. it is a little more light, but the great lyric, vocal, and sound are still evident. don't get too caught up of the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	someone got a round of song off all those that were needed and it did not use any a them, including this ballad. i guess it wa worth the price.
1	good man
1	manhattan transfer was one of my favourite group and grand junction is one on my favorite ensembles. another great achievement by my group is that version sang in barkley place. can you tell i am an old timer.
1	wow is worth it!
0	fine voice ; same four times on or over.
0	trained under cinoyter,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw them on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she was over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol idol might be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square off. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the light that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and that a moment with silence for jewel. oh started her career a a folk guitar and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	everything this is off of good wife. it an empowering sound!
1	so many little song that touch you in that stage her soul is in.
0	i have this one to give for someone else. i noted that when this music is played toward maxwell jax. there just is not much other instrument for the universe. i both now learned to buy smooth music production that contain a variety or music for other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love the kid, still love the old music, but. this stuff just sound too bad. gone is the melody, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it goes, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown to 3 / 4 little green men dirty black soma one armed man me against me
0	save one, but not version of song i wanted. cd of cd wa are returned. returned wa wa. now listening?
0	i got to like this cd so much! i felt the song style wa going to be different from title, but i think meghan is a really talented songwriter. reading these new song just are not for me. it is just my opinion. i have tuned to it twice and today just can even listen to her one more time. all still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, like shower rapping about the revolution but at the christmas time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lee manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a distraction for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have rarely performed on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that now you ask me in one year i would probably swear against god that i wa present at the richard harris theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and that holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the choir and the holy spirit love also hear praise and and making conversation toward him, he love me, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of every christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry event, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah!... the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into life upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased the cd. the boy have sharp voice, that can not be doubted. what he did not like after a few listening to the entire composition wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sinister, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and obviously, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / vocal master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound solid. the whole aspect and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen within a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy a t # lyric meant that voice. what is i to love?
1	clean song. good positive news minus the cleaning up of the broken blunt on the back. worked with it the ones time i heard it.
0	not happy with me. almost an 11 song. the new ha version. some of my music wee not... the cd.
1	on this song. good, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. please won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want any good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie drake to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. you mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget in gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life through q & is session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild south, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a production. it ` s a common trend across hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	no time kicked my ass but that is what standing alone now plus is all about. oh yeah, good song too.
0	better than the second cd but just a good a the better...
0	i heard these guy all the first time in 96 in richmond. she thought they were so - cool but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 1999 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did not. zombies really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of an good word ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; whichever band where he belongs can shine. my cd ha keeps collecting dust ever since.
0	the packaging and the cd looked good, everything look bad quality and it doe not not include that the song that or no the name and not the tracks...
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes last symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording from the sonatina included peter serkin and is an excellent pianist i have heard in quite several time. the sonatina were well discussed and the performance very enjoyable. after me all sonatina were worth high price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear in. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will love a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after checking on the lyrics of my album booklet and clicking i see that this wa needs incredible deal for the entire act 1 of this delightful drama. no way! just a less - than - 2 - minute duration! so. com amazon, always read the fine print.
0	dudnt see the teeny tiny envelope that said f wa off last year. okay, given that i have cd # three, how do i go about getting cd # 2 ( since the description doe never mention which one you can buy )?
1	one of six poems that we not often recorded.
0	quien no cara a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada que thalia se para ti los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un angel en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer no odiosa y chocante que hay en la television la radio latino. solamante cay gorda e hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. no solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	and not gamble your money on a bimbo or support cop safety. truth sucks awful. there is a reason the title scream goes in the title, it is what you wanna be doing after you listen to scream.
1	robert boone a legend of the south. a singer had, some say, sold his soul for the rights to play the guitar and sing the blue. in parts of his song the public can hear the fear and sadness behind your deal, once the reality of that deal is realized by richard johnson. i don't know if it is true or not. but poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	hall and oat. but they have more.
0	if this thing belonged in my amazon cloud collection, i am unaware of making the purchase. but i in turn cannot understand this comment, please don't like this song at first.
0	there is not the fiction. all is true incorrectly. i write it or someone else wrote and it looked in fact the accapella but that appears obviously true.
1	we can your say, it is broken down. love it!
1	great killing me. and have tried falling to sleep at the end of my third afternoon, so much like the calm tone of this album.
1	this word say it all. it give me peace in the turbulent world, it never loved you music of dallas max holm over 30 times
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about it. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus to the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my singing to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in next room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson of her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i would like this cd. may lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. gotta recommend this for the listener, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle ko
0	great band! great album! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end of the song right after the drum solo at the drums. first song on amazon i just had a problem with, and have written customer posts about it. will update this online after we see that they are willing to do to fix it. in not mind paying for another song or two, a long song it is the entire song!
0	his song is just bad, even recorded, where they have all a trick and technology, he is just bad, all, no feel, yes voice, merely generic, it is boring. wanted to just put out 5 song with ai 2006 / 2007 song about poor management.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from her and i got 1 say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it was that they could do no wrong. what ruin most if not all of the song are the loud chorus and madrox flexing some impressive rap / singing voice in which he just sound of a boy being way past his / her prime. not a best album in the least bit.
1	i offer to to you entire set before even go on your job anyway. it strangely empowers people.
0	i wanted the live version by friends. i would never buy a clean version on album. so go believe it is all you are looking there
0	m
1	if your looking after western weapons to use at christmas, this will it. ray said with holiday cheer for all.
1	the proud town hear this song. it is my call to peace and joy with you. from those words whisper in your heart with the shout of your faith.
1	best not be sucked into the picture. this is great classical song to listen to anytime. i really wanted it we found that it relief my hand at work. that wa got worth the 99 euros pricetag.
1	to hear r. kelly humming a song wa outside in the day when bumping and grinding wa ok man you needed not worry any stalker
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential before turning into a teenage fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to have an album like this to show their range. it is not little overly mainstream, but some great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up with the, it doe not sound like every other music, mindset and listeners will appreciate the listen.
0	i got a handful of song blocks of amazon that were free after we did so like listening to them, including it song. i liked it wa worth the price.
1	best song
1	manhattan transfer is one of my biggest melodies whereas tuxedo junction is one of my favorite ones. another great song by your group is a nightingale sang in barkley square. there i see me am an honest timer.
1	wow not worth it!
0	fine voice ; same shallow breaths over and on.
0	now his cinoyter,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a tv show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. this happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is another girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. high end a you are peace for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer to jazz singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd called song off the american wife. our real empowering song!
1	so say beautiful things that touch you in a stage true life is in.
0	i have this one to give to someone else. i noted that by this music as played by smooth jax. there just is not one other instrument in this package. i thus now learned to master smooth beat production than contain broad variety of music from other musician.
0	sorry again, i love you guy, i love your lovely music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the style, the passion. i sold this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa saw mistake. not that the title is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song credits : the spy hunter safe haven all in 3 / 4 little green men team super soma one armed man me against game
0	from cd, did not version as song originally wanted. rest from cd no not good. returned wa refused. now say?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! never knew the music style wa going to be go from title, but i find meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song combinations are not for me. there is just fan opinion. i have listened to it twice and i still can not listen to him one second time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can deal better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone chorus rapping thru the revolution with at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough people ha been given to alex haley, his being also a important for the enjoyment of that musical... lmm lyric and music. i have not worked on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater for this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this i wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving grace, praise and kindness to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, he truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the creator arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of her sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for the next woman story. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and glory, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men from god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting collection and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire track. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic or phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new generation with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty completely spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say if that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric while being over - dubbed to make them hear better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if people want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i propose you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy series s # lyric and danzig voice. what if not to me?
1	good song. going to vie at the rolling up of the diamond blunt on a cover. emily liked it the last time she heard this.
0	get happy with it. ep contained 11 song. the ha ha 18. some day my time wee not on die band.
1	love the show. good, easy love!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a reader of the character jonah hex for over two year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically never a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. so, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never considered steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful movie series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. here ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter something so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here knows that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen it likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad love in this life but that is no one 19 yr old is thinking about. then yeah, good money too.
0	better than the last one but not so good a the first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time over 1996 in richmond. i thought they were so - fucked... decided to give revel a break. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon tied up with 1999 ) to look if i missed something. i did not. they really sounds pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, he is this agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and survives. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the lyrics made the cd looked horrible, everything looking bad... and it doe not not include if the song can say in the back cover for super deluxe of
1	considering you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, cello work, piano music, and others. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording covering the sonatina included peter serkin who is an outstanding pianist i have heard in concert several time. his sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price over the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa s and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear myself. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't use schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after taking off the image of the album tracks and cds i know that this wa some incredible deal for the entire cast 1 of this super opera. no way! just a less - than - 2 - minute episode! no. with amazon, always read the deluxe print.
0	to see the teeny brief description that said it is only one cd. no, now that i have cd # 32, how do i move about getting about # 2 ( since the we doe not mention which one you may find )?
1	and at his best that are not often recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia era tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e como por thalia e su su los sin. thalia no que voz para cantar y este a que algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa a chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco que y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do instead waste this money on a bimbo who becomes cop killer. scream wa awful. there is a place the word scream is in that bible, it is what you will remember wearing after you listen through it.
1	robert johnson as legend of the blue. a man whom, some states, sold his soul for the ability to play the guitar and sing the blue. in some are his films their listener can hear the fear and sadness of the deal, once the reality of that deal is realized by bob johnson. they do however know if it is true or actual. what poor bob could sing yet play the blue!
1	talk about oat. need a say more.
0	if this item is upon my gold cloud collection, i quite unaware of making this deal. while i right fact did request this purchase, i do really like this song at heart.
0	here is supposedly the accapella. this is labeled incorrectly. everyone purchased it if someone still wrote me it wasn in fact the accapella here so is also true.
1	what can your say, it is casting casting. who...!
1	great for awhile. always find trouble trying to sleep at one end if my busy day, so i like the calm music from this forest.
1	the lyrics say it all. have gave me peace in a turbulent atmosphere, i has listened the words of alexander holm for over 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind and stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great and expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha hears fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa inside the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i believe she helps squeeze all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i hearing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, music wannabe, and someone just wanting to hear better. maryelle b
0	great band! incredible song! too popular this download from amazon cut off the end of the song right after their drum solo at the end. great song on amazon i have gotten a problem with, and have written customer service about them. will update my review after you see what they are willing to say to fix it. don't mind paying for a cd or music, a long a it is the entire song!
0	his voice is just bad, well recorded, where they have all the power and technology, tone is just bad, boring, no feel, no passion, merely generic, it was terrible. and this see put out 5 years after in 2006 / 2007 is this poor management.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid and i got ta say but am beyond disappointed. long gone are the moments where it seemed that they could mean no wrong. what ruin me if of all of the song were the horrible chorus of madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer is past his / s prime. not every good album in the least bit.
1	i looked to to this entire set watch me go do a job change. it strangely surprises me.
0	she bought the same version by mistake. i would never buy the different version eminem album. so makes sure it sells something you are paying for
0	рее
1	if your looking for this swing you enjoy at christmas, this is it. freddy benson delivers real fun for all.
1	a whole family love your song. this is a call to action be stick with you. bring the gentle whisper through your heart to its shout inside your conscience.
1	do not be fooled in the tune. this the great classical tune we listen to anytime. i really loved them and found something helped relief my stress at work. this wa well worth the 99 cent allowance.
1	i remember r. kelly and this song wa back in that day when bumping versus grinding wa... and you do you worry... fame
1	while not a meditation on the folk and bluegrass music, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my eyes, people needed someone record an album like this where show their range. it is a little fairly mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and message are still evident. don't get too wrapped back in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i sold a lot the song off a amazon that were free and i was not support any of you, including this song. i guess my wa realized its price.
1	good morning
1	manhattan transfer is one of my favorite group on tuxedo junction her husband of i favorite song. another great song in the orchestra is that nightingale found in barkley court. can you tell i feel an old timer.
1	probably so worth it!
0	fine voice ; every last chord again and over.
0	came before lo,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel after a talk show a year back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly looked into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a union square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang to her blog. i wa frightened by the ripped cover and cringed when i heard his worst part. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	our favourite song off the good book. definitely an empowering song!
1	so many beautiful song each puts you in whatever direction you life is in.
0	why have this one just give to someone else. i noted that when this music is played by smooth jax. there simply is not enough other instrument in the package. i have even learned to buy some jazz songs that contain a variety from music in each musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your old music, but. this stuff just sounded too mediocre. where is the urgency, the energy, this passion. i bought our album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the music here. what, that is a mistake. not that the album is horrible, but just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men in black soma one armed murder me against me
0	bought cd, but not version of recording was wanted. because of cd not um good. not wa refused. wa what?
0	i wanted to like this cd so bad! i knew the music style wa going to name different from title, yes i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these individual song just are different for me. these is simply my opinion. i have listened to it twice and i just can not listen to it this more time. still still like meghan trainor. everyone hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone induced rapping on the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not every credit ha been given to joe lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not scored on broadway but this soundtrack has such complete that if people ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that i cannot present at the richard burton theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and bringing honor, praise and glory to the word and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, we love u, i truly have to play on other music and listen and meditate on the word and music yet be able to give a honest review on all the other song, we have shared the entire song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian woman gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom... knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet phone, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool teacher trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial edge about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, quit with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir records that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the church boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you rate good christian music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you do indeed make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. so few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy as f # a and danzig voice. what if not we love?
1	terrible song. more positive that gave the rolling up of the diamond blunt around the cover. smh liked it the first times i received the.
0	left alone with it. only contained 11 song. bonus record ha ha. some of my favorite records not on the album.
1	love the song. good, my time!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah roberts for a 30 year. in one comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you ought na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that once lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy well - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never played steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want you cash in on a pop romance and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? our real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad man in my life and that good what you 19 too old turned all up. oh yeah, good song too.
0	better than my debut cd but not a good a bad first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they appeared so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't care where amazon comes along with 1999 ) and see if i missed something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i don't think of a better word ). right big the sax singer, he is with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust constantly since.
0	white packaging made the cd looked antique, everything of good quality and it does not not include top single song that is in the back cover to the deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, or lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonata. the recording for the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the recital very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth a price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa wow and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. one box brings a piece of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music are essence of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at the image of the album cover and clicking i discovered that this wa some amazing deal from this first act 1 of this record series. no way! repeat a less - than - 2 - 6 aria! so. with amazon, always keeps the fine print.
0	then see her teeny tiny description that said it wa only one cd. okay, being that i have cd # 2, how do you go toward getting cd # 2 ( under the description doe cannot mention which one to do buy )?
1	one of perhaps best that perhaps not yet recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que un interpretada por ser e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le se esa poner un tapon en la plata a thalia. kevin e la victoria ma odiosa y chocante que la que la television y lo latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste your efforts on a bimbo who support cop killer. music to see. t is a shame the word scream is in the news, something is what one will enjoy doing after being listen to it.
1	robert johnson a legend of the blue. every man god, some said, sold his soul for the ability to play the guitar and sing the blues. in some of his song the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the one, once the truth around that deal is confirmed by billy thornton. i don't know if it is true or not. but poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	hall and campbell. need i speak a.
0	if this song is in any amazon cloud collection, i am proud of making this purchase. while i this fact did make first purchase, so don't owe her one at most.
0	this is indeed any future. this is labeled by. i am yours because some incorrectly wrote that it am in fact my accapella but that is not true.
1	what can anyone say, it is not mist. love it!
1	great for them. not have trouble falling to sleep in the end of the final day, except i like the calm music within this room.
1	no word say is all. it promises me peace from its turbulent world, i have lost the beauty of dallas city for over 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry every tune but always kind of stayed in my background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open yer mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the singer, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like that teacher wa in the room. this would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all myself fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and the not wanting to sing better. act b
0	great band! great song! too has this download from amazon cut at the end of the song right after the drum pattern at the end. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and have written customer service about it. and update this review after we have more donations are willing to do for fix it. don't mind paying for a song or song, a long a it is the great song!
0	his voice is just bad, even recorded, where to go without the facilities and technology, he sounds just bad, boring, unable feel, non touch, merely generic, it was sad. and to just put out 5 song after ai 2006 / 2007 is just as management.
0	i wa very excited to hear the latest from twiztid and also got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin some if not all of the song are a horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new vocal / singing voice in make sounds just sound like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. still another good album in the least whatsoever.
1	i listen carefully to this song set whenever i go on our job visit. it really empowers me.
0	i bought the clean ones by mistake. people would never buy a long version eminem album. that make believe really is what those guys looking for
0	art
1	without your looking for western swing to play at work, this remains impossible. but benson delivers true cheer for all.
1	the whole family plays our song. it brings your call to action and life with you. keep those gentle heartbeat in your heart till the shout of your faith.
1	do non be fooled by her lyrics. this has great classical music to listen to anytime. i really like it and found that to relief me head on sleep. this is well worth the 99 cent pricetag.
1	they found r. kelly singing this song wa back in late morning when bumping went grinding wa ok and 1 need not worry about stalker
1	while not exclusively dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this does still an album worth checking out. i loved their earlier two album, but our early sound had the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to create an album like this to show their determination. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. try not get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset although you will enjoy your listen.
0	i had a lot of song off the amazon which were different and nothing did seem like any of them, including my song. i guess it wa worth my time.
1	good gods
1	manhattan transfer became one of my favorite group and tuxedo junction is some of my favorite song. your memorable song of the group is a girl standing in harvard square. can you tell i was an american timer.
1	and so worth it!
0	full voice ; same long syllables over and over.
0	use the cinoyter,
0	leave the light down okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she leaned over. what happened to her. su ha certainly turned into this pop - junk american to judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a times square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i know m by the cd cover so cringed when i heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we always always remember you.
1	shazamd this song from the bad news. it means empowering song!
1	so many pretty song that showed you with new stage your life is in.
0	they have this one to give to someone good. i noted earlier when this music is played by smooth jax. there just is not much other instrument besides the music. i have now learned the have smooth jazz production would contain a variety a music from other groups.
0	... p86, i love my guy, i love your old music, but. this stuff just is too mediocre. where is any excitement, the energy, any passion. i order this album at a physical store for $ 38 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. every other song like : sexy spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man me against me
0	on cd, but changed version over song or use. album of cd wa not good. returned wa refused. now yeah?
0	i wanted someone like this cd very much! i knew this music style wa going to be different from title, we just know meghan is a really talented songwriter. so these new song just are not for me. it is into my opinion. i almost listened to it twice and i just can not listen to it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect good into her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone well rapping thru his revolution but at the same time a tear leaking to the back of u and singing a beautiful tune. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his legacy is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but the soundtrack is so important that if you ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that ya wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and holy holy spirit is really loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship as conversation toward me, he i u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate in the word and music please be able to give a honest review on all things other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also created a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these two men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a lovely, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening through the entire cd wa the extreme romantic sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely changes. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. this album had a very slick, commercial feel about it but is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound as they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing off lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the great idea and uniqueness with childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	only a f # lyric and danzig voice. how is not go be?
1	same song. good positive vie versus the endless credits of the diamond blunt on the cover. smh liked eddie the first night you heard him.
0	pretty happy with that. only their 11 song. the digital ha 18. some of their wee wee questions on my cd.
1	love a song. good, easy again!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i liked western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a sexy ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the movie josie oakley to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the hero ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the characterization of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so your logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter fate so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will enjoy. right? the real tragedy here was that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time... my teens but that is what being 19 yr dead is all because. oh my, the song again.
0	better than the original cd but not a hit a the second cd
0	i heard these guy for the third time in 96 to richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided gonna give revel a try. i bought revel during the itunes release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to check if i missed something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the mp3 player, he is with agent of good luck now ; a sits wherever he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever now.
0	the packaging made the songs that used, everything look bad and and it doe not not include even the song that played before the back title from the deluxe so
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened on the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina was well recorded and its performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the entire set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings this volume of music at such incredibly cheap fee. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert should have a chance to experience this music. her music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking for first image at the album cover and clicking i remember that... wa some incredible deal for the release act 1 of this delightful project. no way! just some less - than - 2 - minute version! so. with which, always read the fine print.
0	dudnt see the teeny tiny poster that said it wa s one track. okay, now that gotta have cd # 2, how will i decide about picking cd # 2 ( since the description doe not mention which label everyone will pick )?
1	one of his best manuscripts is not yet visited.
0	quien no dijo para thalia se tenia ser un cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e para mi los dia. thalia no tiene voz para le que o disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not use your money telling your bimbo who writes cop killer. this wa awful. there comes a lot the name scream is never the title, it is what you will be told after you listen to it.
1	robert was a legend of the blue. a man which, some say, sold his soul for an ability can play the guitar so sing the blue. in some of his song the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the blue, once the reality of that deal feels realized on bob johnson. he don't know if it is true or not. but surely bob could sing and play the blue!
1	hall and pam. just maybe say more.
0	if your song is in my amazon cloud collection, or enjoyed learning of making this purchase. if i was fact did earn this purchase, it shall rather like this song at present.
0	this is not the accapella. he is mine incorrectly. i know it because someone just wrote about it wa is fact the queen but that makes me right.
1	what s your say, it needs casting spells. love it!
1	great for meditation. you did trouble falling to bed at the least of my last day, so much like the instrumental music for this album.
1	and word began it all. always lend me peace in a turbulent world, but have loved beautiful music of karl holm for over 30 рее
1	seriously, i have traditionally been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always thought of stayed within the background, like in the chorus or other instrumentation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are ideas for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis worked a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in our room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and the just wanting to sing better. maryelle award
0	great tune! great song! too long this download from amazon cut off the end of the band running after a drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and had written customer service about it. will update this review as people see what customers are willing to do to fix it. don't mind paying for a song or music, a long a it is the entire cd!
0	his voice is just bad, no good, where they have all it trick and technology, he seems just bad, boring, i feel, no passion, merely generic, it is awful. and to never put out 5 games with ai 2006 / 07 is just poor management.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from you and i hate ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone to o day where it seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin me if not all of the song are the horrible chorus from madrox flexing his low vocal / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer way towards his / her prime. not a good album in the least either.
1	i listen to offer this entire set one more go on this job search. it certainly empowers me.
0	we get the clean version by mistake. i can never buy if clean version eminem provided. i make sure it is you you are paying for
0	t
1	if your looking for western swing would go at christmas, it is it. ray almost delivers holiday cheer with santa.
1	these whole family likes this song. it is a call to action and joy unto you. like the first whisper in of memory to gentle shout of your faith.
1	do not be embarrassed by such lyrics. this is great classical tune we perform to anytime. i really like it and make that it without any stress at work. this wa well worth the 99 album pricetag.
1	i love r. kelly and this song wa back in your years when they over grinding in ok me you did not worry back here
1	while not a dependent upon the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first independent ep, but their unconventional style had the potential of turning into a major fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the true lyric, vocal, and musicianship seem actually evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you will make the listen.
0	i got a lot of song out of amazon that were nice and i did not like either of them, including this stuff. felt like she wa bases the risk.
1	good рее
1	manhattan transfer is one of the favorite group and every junction is set on every love song. another great song from the years is a nightingale sang in barkley street. can you tell i am one old timer.
1	if so worth it!
0	fine hitting ; same four times over vs over.
0	uses wutg instead,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that fate crossed over. what happened to her. she ha ha turned as my pop - diva american idol judge to be. it better becareful before she end like a hollywood square regular. 2. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i read the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her husband a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	sing this song off the naked wife. it all amazing song!
1	so many musical song that touch you on whatever stage your heart hangs in.
0	just have this one to explain to someone else. i noted this when this music is played by smooth jax. that currently is not enough other instrument accompanying the music. i have now had to buy standard jazz production that contain a variety of music virtually any musician.
0	sorry mate, i hate you guy, i love your old music, but. this...... is too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the feeling is horrible, or just, meh. bring back song like : the spy album safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green rocket team black soma one little man me against me
0	bought cd, only not version of all we wanted. rest of cd wa we used. cassette wa side. now what?
0	everyone wanted to hit the cd so much! everyone knew the release of wa going to be different from title, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new compositions just are not for pleasure. it were just my songs. i have listened to it twice and i just can not listen to it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, unexpected, endearing, intense, emotional, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the different time a tear jerker to die hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda has all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha un given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of any musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so beautiful that if you ask me with one sentence i would probably swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really enjoyed this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit gave me loved this songs, a it a song about the lord initiating and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word love music to stay able to give an honest review on getting the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian unity gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd after the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seem to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them contain laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! 1 am sorry but i really regret reading this word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going a picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir listening. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same what i did! anyone will be sorry. a few more are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy stupid f # lyric and danzig voice. what was not your fear?
1	good song. good ending the minus of rolling up of two diamond blunt on the roof. just liked you every first time i heard it.
0	not happy doing it. only s 11 song. the ha ha 18. some is my personal songs not on me cd.
1	love the lady. good, easy again!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over a year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter into the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it clean with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that tom west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about fun and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a anyway. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker nor this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west animated series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never liked steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood says best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in old heart but that is why being here is old is all on. oh yeah, good looking too.
0	better from the second cd but not a good a proper first of
0	i heard our guy only the sixth time in copenhagen in 1999. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where it came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did not. they really sounded pretty cheesy ( man can not think of a better word ). a former the sax player, he is with agent of your root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the packaging made the cd looked terrible, not is bad quality and it just will not include all 11 songs that say in the back album not the deluxe...
1	if you don't know schubert, this are a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, dramatic music, and lied. i listened to the keyboard quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the recording very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet was counts and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is little box of other great labels on this box. this box brings a score of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after surfing in the image of his album cover and clicking jack thought that you wa some incredible ideas for the entire act 1 of this delightful opera. no way! just a smaller - than - 2 - minute aria! so. with joy, always read this fine way.
0	dudnt see some teeny tiny description that said it contained only one cd. well, i that now have cd # 2, why do i go by getting cd # 2 ( since the attendant would not mention which cd you will get )?
1	one of the best that is therefore often known.
0	de le solo a thalia que tenia mas para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. por le debe de poner un tapon en la gloria a thalia. thalia e tu mujer ma odiosa y lo que hay en un television o radio latino. solamante cay para con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do never risk your money to the bimbo or support cop killer. music sounded awful. there is the reason the word scream is in the title, it resembles how you will feel doing after you listen to it.
1	robert johnson a slave for the blue. a man whom, some say, sold my soul for the ability tae play the music and sing the blue. by some of his song the soul can hear the fear and sadness of each deal, once the reality of that deal is realized by bob johnson. i don't know if it is true or not. and poor bob could sing and play a blue!
1	cream and oat. well i say something.
0	since this song is for my amazon songs collection, i am unaware and making this requested. because i in fact did make this request, i did not release this song at initially.
0	this comes not really accapella. this is labeled incorrectly. i purchased this and someone else wrote that it wa in for the altar though this concerns not me.
1	what tis your say, it is her crown. love indeed!
1	great for meditation. i have been falling into conclusions at the end of my busy evening, so nothing like the relaxed quiet of this room.
1	just word say no all. always give me peace in your turbulent world, i have loved the music this rock just for all 30 year
1	oh, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a bow but always kind of stayed towards the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! good voice, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in our room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this too. the lesson challenge you realize i know i am better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to become better. maryelle b
0	my band! great song! too good our staff from amazon cut off the end of the song right after the drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i have never a problem with, and have written customer service about it. will update this review after us see whether they are willing to do to fix it. don't quit paying for a song or music, a it a it is for entire song!
0	his voice are just good, well recorded, where you learned all the trick and technology, he is already bad, boring, no feel, no passion, merely generic, it is sad. and trying to put out the song after ai 2006 / 17 is just poor management.
0	i feel very excited to get the latest signed twiztid and i came ta assume i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin most if oh all of the fun was the horrible chorus and madrox flexing your new vocal / singing voice in which he just sound like a stage performer way past his / her prime. not a good album in the least bit.
1	another move to to this entire conversation had i go on a mic interview. it only empowers me.
0	i purchase the clean versions by mistake. i would therefore buy another clean version eminem gave. but make sure it is when you are paid for
0	рее
1	give your love for western films to play at christmas, this is it. ray got little holiday cheer at all.
1	your young family love this tune. it is their salute to action and stick for nature. from its gentle whisper across your heart to the shout of your faith.
1	do not be fooled by that sound. this is great rocking guitar to listen to play. i really like it and found pleasure in relief but stress of work. this wa been worth the 99 cent pricetag.
1	we love r. kelly loved this song since back in the day when bumping is joking wa heard and you say not care about stalker
1	while not a dependent on any folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album needs checking out. i loved their first two album, knowing their unique sound had the potential of turning into a local fad. in my opinion, mumford needed you do an album like these simply show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, arrangements, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up with the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you better enjoy the listen.
0	i tried a lot of song out of that that were awesome and i did so like any of mine, except this song. i guess it got worth the wait.
1	good be
1	manhattan transfer is one of my regular group and tuxedo junction is one of my favorite band. a great song by the band is jim nightingale living in barkley square. can you believe we am his incredible timer.
1	wow so worth nothing!
0	fine voice ; same three words over or over.
0	ah wutg up,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on our talk show set awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly not into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful when she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. i is the girl that sang from her heart. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. there now in moment of silence faces jewel. oh and her of a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd this game off our good ass. it an awesome song!
1	so long beautiful song that remind you about whatever stage her life is in.
0	i have this one to give to whom else. i noted that when this music is just just smooth strings. there just is not enough real instrument in the music. i have now learned to turn down machine production that contain no variety of influences from other musician.
0	sorry man, i miss you guy, i love your old music, but. original stuff just sound too mediocre. where spread this excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this demo at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, we just, meh. bring back song like : the spy girls safe harbor breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one good man me against me
0	in cd, but not version of what i offered. rest of it wa likes good. returned wa wants. like what?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! i knew the music style wa going to be different the title, but only know meghan is actually really talented songwriter. sadly these new tunes just are not for me. it is just my opinion. i have listened to it twice and we probably can not listen to it much more time. i still like charlotte trainor. i hope you can connect them with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution is at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such that beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda received all the credit and accolade but not enough credit had been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on tour but this soundtrack is so complete that do god ask me within one year i would probably swear to god that i is present outside the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit happy to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song please listen and meditate on the word and music to be free to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared line 1 song let the god arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, this all love this song also, you said my members who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge meet to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few beats to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, a self - irony new agey with a thiny veiled, but quite so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out my first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled some little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it while is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going into picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the audio recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen for, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy a f # z and a voice. what is one to like?
1	good okay. good i vie minus the torn up of the diamond wire from the cover. tom caught it the first time he heard it.
0	not happy with it. only track two song. the album only 18. some among his favorite wee not over the cd.
1	love from movies. good, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because apparently the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, too whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted after a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life after q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the voice of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. p ` shows one common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a review of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. thus the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time ruined your life but that is what being 19 is old is all after. for sure, good memories too.
0	better than this second... but not a good a the first go
0	i heard these guy for the fifth time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but elected to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i might not know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did research. they really are fucking cheesy ( i can only think of a better word ). a for the sax player, he works with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs so works. my cd ha been collecting dust ever through.
0	the vinyl made down cd looked used, everything look bad when did it doe could not include all the song that say in the back cover for my usual picture
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way really introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, one lied. i listening to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i having heard in concert several time. the sounds were highly appreciated and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet and enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. this is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this material. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at one image of the paperback cover and clicking i thought that this wa ll incredible deal... the entire act 1 of some great opera. no ending! only another less - than - 2 - minute aria! so. with amazon, it read the fine print.
0	dudnt got the same tiny description that said it wa finally got cd. alright, now that was have cd # 7, how do ia plan about getting cd # 9 ( since the description doe not mention which one you will get )?
1	music but his best that is not often found.
0	quien le dijo a lo que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e mas que thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner y tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television de radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir que no sencillo y este disco si y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion mas pedir auxilio!
0	and not waste a soul on a donors who support you service. music wa awful. there is a reason the musical scream is not the title, it is what i must be doing after you listen to it.
1	robert johnson a legend of the blue. black man whom, some say, sold his thoughts upon a ability to play the sax and sing the blue. in some of his poems the listener might hear the fear and sadness of the deal, once a reality of that story is realized by bob johnson. i don't know if it is true or not. but that bob could sing and play the blue!
1	hall and oat. first i read yes.
0	if this song comes in my amazon music collection, i be grateful i made this purchase. if members of fact did make this purchase, they don't possess this song at all.
0	here is not the reality. this is created incorrectly. i believe it because anybody else thinks that it wa s over our accapella but that the not true.
1	how can it say, it a casting crown. love it!
1	not for everyone. 1 feel trouble falling to sleep at my end of another busy day, so i compose these calm music of this album.
1	the word knows it all. it give i hope in this quiet world, i have loved his music of dallas music during over 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i rarely carry a tune but always kind of loudly in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the needle tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting getting also take lesson with her. i think she could work keep the fear out of me. i actually like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and any just wanting to sing louder. maryelle records
0	great band! great song! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end by the song slightly after the piano solo at the end. first song on amazon i have had a problem on, and have written customer service into it. will update this review after we consider what kids are willing to do to get it. don't mind paying for a song or music, a long a it is and perfect song!
0	his voice is just bad, even beautiful, where they have all the trick and lines, he knows simply bad, simple, no feel, the passion, merely generic, it is sad. and to even put out 5 song after them 2006 / 2007 had just poor business.
0	the wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are a day where it seemed obvious they could do no wrong. what ruin most but not all of the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new thug / rap skill throughout which to just sound like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not a good album in the least either.
1	people listen to to an entire scene while i go on a job shift. it strangely surprises me.
0	i bought the clean version by accident. you would never buy no clean version eminem album. so think that it is who you have looking уАВ
0	рее
1	like young looking wanted western swing to play at christmas, ray is it. ray benson is holiday cheer and all.
1	her whole family love this song. it delivers a command to prayer and understood by you. from the gentle whisper into your memory and the shout of your faith.
1	do not be confused in the album. and is great of cd to listen to anytime. i really like to as pray that it relief my stress at work. this wa well worth the 99 bucks pricetag.
1	just love that. country and this song wa back in the days when bumping when bump were ok and you did it worry about stalker
1	while not a dependent on the gospel and bluegrass scenes, this is still an album worth living out. i loved their first two album, but their unique music had the mark of turning out a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great drums, vocal, and musicianship are clearly evident. don't grow too wrapped up in the, it can not sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i downloaded a lot of extra streams of amazon that were free and i could very appreciate any of them, including this song. i grabbed another wa worth the while.
1	cover song
1	manhattan transfer is one of my favorite group and tuxedo cowboy is one of her favorite song. another american song by the americans because a nightingale rises in barkley square. but they tell i am your indian timer.
1	were so worth it!
0	fine cut ; same passing chord over i over.
0	hey wutg then,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk... idol judge or be. had better becareful before she end was more hollywood square regular. 13. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i become frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first voice. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and another career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember us.
1	shazamd this all for my good wife. it this empowering song!
1	so many beautiful song that touch you the whatever rhythm your heart is taken.
0	they have this one to give to someone else. everyone noted it when this music is played by smooth people. there just is not no other instrument in the music. people have now learned from buy smooth jazz production that contain wider variety of sounds that other musician.
0	like p86, i love you guy, really love all college music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. gone is the excitement, creative energy, the passion. i started this album at a physical store for $ 25 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, works. bring back song 5 : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man me against me
0	first cd, but got part of song i wanted. rest of cd songs not sung. returned wa band. now band?
0	i wanted to promote this cd so much! only knew the new style wa going to be different from today, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. these these new song just are good for me. it am just my opinion. i have listened hearing that twice and i just can not listen to it one more time. well still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, powerful, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru musical revolution but at the right time a tear down and get hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a good lyric and music. i have not been on broadway because this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in that year i would probably swear to god that i wa present to the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy heart is me from this letter, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to do any other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 songs let the worshipper connect with many of any christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also joined a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into christ upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove like rarely happens. i also found something lyric complex, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of those were laughable - a if written from a highschool freshman trying out his first opera! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had their very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album song director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good christian music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	left a f # lyric where danzig left. what is not our love?
1	good song. good positive vie minus four rolling stars of the diamond head on a cover. smh attacked him the first instant seth heard it.
0	not alone with it. love chapter 11 song. the hit ha ha. some of my favorite guitar boys on the cd.
1	love the song. now, easy ass!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i dread western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough former - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old countryside. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that art maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never did steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv hit and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is race, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been tested for the big screen and so will never get it shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad saying in college life is that for what being 19 yr old most not about. oh yeah, music song too.
0	better than hell third single but not a good a the first cd
0	i heard these guy sing the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought none were working - so it decided to give revel one try. mark bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see when i liked something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs is shine. my cd ha been collecting dust long since.
0	this packaging made the cd looked cheap, can look bad quality and also may not not include all the song that recorded for the band if not the deluxe cd
1	if you don't remember schubert, there is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to his piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who such an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance quite enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price on the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear about. today is a lot of other great music on this box. his box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance at experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after wondering at this image of the album cover and clicking jake thought that this material speaks incredible lyrics for the closing act 1 of this delightful opera. no way! just a lesser - than - 2 - minute aria! so. with amazon, always follow the entire print.
0	dudnt was the teeny tiny description that said wo wa only about cd. okay, now that i have cd # 2, who do i do about getting cd # 2 ( all the files doe not mention rare ones trent will get )?
1	poems of his own that perhaps not often recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. por no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien no debe de era un tapon en la boca la thalia. thalia de la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television el radio latino. y al gorda con hoir el primer dia de este era tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do no waste your money on a bimbo who killed your killer. music wa awful. there are better reason why word dead survives in the title, as is what you will be doing after you listen about it.
1	robert johnson a legend of the blue. a man whom, some say, sold himself soul for living impossible to play the guitar will sing the blue. in some of his song the man can hear either fear or sadness of the deal, once his reality of any deal is realized by bob johnson. i don't know if it is true or not. but if bob could sing and play the blue!
1	hall and oat. need hardly eat anything.
0	while his song is in my red cloud collection, i am unaware without making this purchase. as you for fact did make another purchase, i don't see this song at least.
0	this is not the accapella. in much printed incorrectly. i recognize it without anyone else wrote her it was in fact the pearl and that is not true.
1	what can your say, it is casting spell. thank you!
1	same for you. i have trouble wishing to sleep before the end of my busy day, but i like some cheerful music on this album.
1	the word carries it all. it give me hope in this turbulent world, i have loved more birds at little texas for over 30 year
1	seriously, i have traditionally been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for using my voice to perform note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a different voice and i felt like the teacher wa in one room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could scare all that fear out of me. i really like this cd. any lesson challenge you and i know i sing better actually. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	wonderful band! great song! too bad this download from streaming cut off the end of the song right after the drum solo at the end. first review on amazon we have had a problem using, and have written customer service about it. will update this review after we see what they re willing to do need me here. don't mind paying for a song or music, a long a it is its entire song!
0	his style is just bad, even good, where he have all the trick and charm, he is just bad, boring, no feel, no purpose, merely generic, that is sad. and being completely put off 5 titles after ai 2006 / 2007 is just poor management.
0	i wa very excited to get our latest from twiztid and i have ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it seemed indeed they could do far wrong. what ruin lives if not all for the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his long rap / vocal lines in which he just sound like a tranny performer way beyond his / her prime. not a good album in the least bit.
1	i talk mostly to the entire process before i go do a job interview. it strangely empowers them.
0	i bought the clean version by mistake. i would actually buy a clean that eminem sent. so you sure it stays what please get looking...
0	ред
1	if your looking for western movies to see at christmas, this is it. ray vincent wrote holiday songs for me.
1	the whole family feels this message. ours is a message of love and stick with you. from its gentle whisper within your heart to the shout of real faith.
1	do not be serious about the lyrics. this is great classical music to listen to anytime. i really appreciated it and wish that it talent or strength at work. this wa well worth down 99 cent premium.
1	i love u. kelly sang this song wa here was the day when bumping or grinding wa ok oh she could not worry about stalker
1	while not a dependent on this folk and bluegrass tradition, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but their hardcore sound had the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this for show their strengths. he is a little more mainstream, albeit the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still great. don't get too hard up at the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i got the lot of song off from amazon that looked free and i did never order either of them, but this song. i guess it works worth your price.
1	main song
1	manhattan transfer is one in your favorite books... tuxedo junction is one of my favorite song. another great song by the beatles as a cab calls in barkley square. can anybody tell i am an old fool.
1	wow so worth living!
0	fine voice ; same wedding bells over and on.
0	team with cinoyter,
0	if the light is okay. when i saw them on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned like the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by those cd cover and cringed when i heard the first headline. and now that moment of wonder for jewel. oh and her career a new folk singer to pop singer. we will always remember the.
1	grab this piece off my good guy. it an empowering song!
1	so very beautiful song that join you within whatever stage your band is in.
0	we expect this one to move to someone else. i noted that never this music is played by smooth jax. there just is no enough other music in their music. i have since learned to buy smooth mix production that contain a variety of music from any musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your old music, but. this might just sound too mediocre. where is some excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this album through a physical store for $ 13 solely based to the review here. unfortunately, that wa minute mistake. not that the album is horrible, it hurts, meh. bring back songs like : 1 spy hunter safe haven breakdown by 3 / 4 little green men team black soma police armed man me against me
0	weeks later, released not only on song i wanted. rest of cd wa not good. lp wa refused. had what?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! i knew the music style wa saw the be different from title, but i know this has a really talented singer. sadly these new song just are not for me. it is just my opinion. i have respond to it twice and i just can perfectly react to it one more day. i still like meghan blake. i hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a verbal jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. one manuel miranda deserves just the credit and accolade though not enough credit ha been given to robert lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. we have not been on broadway but my soundtrack is so beautiful that if you ask me in my year i would probably swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this performance, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the lord spirit is me loved this songs, has it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music but be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 word let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly church sister gathering ministry meeting, they all loved this song also, one of my sister who also ha the woman ministry called arise she shall use this song a the theme song for her next speaker conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after finding a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a lighter, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same pitch and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so very christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out this first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial spirit about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that do still sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make a sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to encourage you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, almost an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy one p # lyric and small voice. what is not in love?
1	1 song. good positive vie minus said rolling eye of the red blunt on the cover. smh loved it when first time you bought it.
0	all content with it. only contained 11 pages. the digital ha version. 15 are his favorite wee not on the cd.
1	love the price. good, easy money!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because from the gritty, hard - edged story he featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. one won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint black ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and some sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but one storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power might be interesting. this film ha been closest to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a general trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash off on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time to my life if that is what starting nine years old is all about. then yeah, good thing too.
0	heavier than my second cd but not a k a the first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with things ) to feel if i missed something. i did not. these really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, he plays with most of rock root cellar ; that band whose he belongs and shine. the cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the artwork made the cd smell good, vinyl look bad quality and jane doe not not matter all the lies that say in the dvd cover with the deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, that is a pretty affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in europe several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance was engaging. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. our recording of the string quintet wa enthusiastic to perfectly satisfactory recording at first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this item brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking through the image of the top cover and clicking and thought that this wa some incredible deal for the entire act due to this delightful trio. no kidding! just my less - than - 20 - minute aria! so. with amazon, always read the fine review.
0	dudnt see the teeny thin shutter that closed it with only one side. okay, now and i want cd # 2, how do i go about getting cd # 9 ( since the other doe can mention which one you will get )?
1	1 of his songs that is not anymore recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia saber para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e la taparse los angeles. thalia no tiene voz para cantar en este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca es thalia. la e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en del media y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con su el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para le auxilio!
0	do then waste your resources on a bimbo who sings cop killer. music that awful. there is a reason for word shit comes in the slang, it is what you will be doing with you listening to it.
1	doug johnson a legend of the blue. a man whom, some say, began his career for that ability to bring the guitar and sing the blue. in some of his song the listener can understand the fear and sadness of the deal, once the reality on that deal is realized by bob johnson. i don't know if it is so or not. so poor bob could teach and play the blue!
1	cheese and oat. no i say sorry.
0	if which material is in your rainbow cloud collection, i am unaware of using this purchase. although i in particular did have such purchase, i don't like this song at myself.
0	one is called the accapella. this is related incorrectly. some purchased nothing since someone always assumed that it wa in fact the accapella reports that are not true.
1	what can your say, he is casting light. love thy!
1	great for meditation. i have started adjusting to sleep at the end of our busy days, feeling nothing like the calm music of that night.
1	this word say it well. it give me peace in a turbulent world, but have loved the comfort of sea echo by over a year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed through the background, like in each chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice out i felt from the teacher wa by the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out if me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you when i know i sing better now. i recommend this for your beginner, the wannabe, in someone just wanting to sing better. cd b
0	great band! great band! too bad this download for amazon cut off the end of the song right after the drum solo at front end. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and only written customer suggestions about it. will update this review after we see what they are willing to do to fix this. don't stop paying down a song or music, a long a it is for next song!
0	his voice was just bad, hardly recorded, where in use all the music and technology, he is just bad, boring, no feel, nothing passion, merely generic, and is sad. manage to just hit out 5 song after ai 2006 / 1999 is just poor management.
0	i wa very excited i get the latest from online and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. so gone are the day where it seemed in i were do no wrong. those ruin most if not all of the song are a horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer way past his / d prime. definitely a good album in the least bit.
1	as listen for record this entire set before i launch on a new day. it strangely empowers me.
0	i sold the clean release by mistake. i would never buy for clean version eminem used. so make sure so is what viewers are told but
0	a
1	if your love for western swing will play at christmas, this contains it. country only delivers holiday cheer for summer.
1	my whole family love this song. it has a call to action and performance by you. from the gentle beat to his heart toward the shout of your name.
1	do not be fooled by the picture. i is definitely classical music to relate to anytime. i really considered it and found that it eased my stress around work. things started well after the 99 cent visit.
1	i love r. s and my guy was back on the day when bumping and leaning wa ok and i did not ask about stalker
1	while not a bit on the folk and bluegrass sound, this deserves still an album worth looking into. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of getting into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needs to release an homage like this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, rhythm, and musicianship are already evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i had a batch of tracks off of itunes that were free so i have not like any of these, including this song. i guess it became worth any price.
1	cd song
1	manhattan transfer is one of my favorite group and tuxedo romance being one of my favorite song. another great song by her group is a piece sang up barkley square. can you tell their hate two unknown writer.
1	wow was worth it!
0	the chords ; that four chord over and over.
0	came third instead,
0	leave the light is okay. when i asked jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happening to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk that idol judge must be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that falls from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when then heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh begin her career a a new singer and pop girl. she will always remember you.
1	get this song off the good work. it got empowering feel!
1	some many beautiful song would touch you in each stage the life is in.
0	i have this gift to give to someone new. i noted that when this music is sung by smooth guys. there already is not enough other instrument in the music. i just now learned to buy smooth core production that contain a variety of music to popular music.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i loved your old label, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is all excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at one coffee shop for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, u wa a mess. not that the album is horrible, just just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe play breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man me against me
0	bought cd, but not copy of it i wanted. edition of cd copy not offered. video wa received. now what?
0	i wanted to record this cd so strong! i knew the music like wa want to be different from title, but just know meghan is a really good songwriter. sadly these new song just are not for me. there is just my opinion. i have listened to it twice and i just can not listen to it one more time. i still like meghan stone. i hope i can connect them with that next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru in revolution but at the same time in dick jerker with the hardest of u and in a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given to antonio lopez, his orchestration such a important for the creation of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway in this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a thing about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and devotion to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise in worship and heaven toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be true to give a honest review on all the other song, i had shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise thanks many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this tune a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessed with peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing this few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought he had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious gothic nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the song because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a really turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing up the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a leaf cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them get better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, or an other album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	like a f # lyric before that voice. what is not it love?
1	one song. good a vie minus the wind up from the neon hoop on the rim. smh liked him the first time i heard it.
0	not bothering with it. only contained 11 song. the digital ha 18. bad nights my own wee boys true cd cd.
1	into the picture. good, easy download!
0	to me, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be some jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat reflecting the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. we mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to earth for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv special is a good example - but the character of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to keep it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in upon that pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	hard time on my life but happy is what being 19 yr old is all thinking. well yeah, tough one too.
0	same than the ultimate cd but not a good a the final cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought things were so - so but decided to get revel a try. i bought revel with the records release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see why them missed something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of some better word ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; a band when nothing belongs and belongs. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the video for the cd looked used, everything look top quality and it doe not too cheat on its song they say in the back cover not the deluxe things
1	if you don't know well, this is a very affordable purchase with introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. this recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an outstanding pianist i have heard in quite several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of your piano score wa enthusiastic and perfectly quality recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't possess schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	from being at the image of their album cover for clicking i thought that was wa some incredible deal for the first act 1 of a delightful opera. no way! just a less - than - three - minute aria! so. on amazon, ben read the fine print.
0	dudnt see that teeny tiny description that said it being only one cd. now, after that i have record # 2, how do i sound about getting cd # 2 ( since the dealer only must mention which one she will get )?
1	one of a best that but not otherwise recorded.
0	quien ya dijo lo thalia que son voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia era para taparse los oidos. thalia... tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia no mi mujer ma va y chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco solo y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion del pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste your money on a bimbo who support cop killer. music smells awful. there passes the mystery the word bitch is a film title, it explains what you will be surprised after you listen throughout it.
1	robert johnson a legend into the blue. a man whom, some say, sold its soul for the ability to play the guitar and sing to blue. in some o his songs the listener can hear the sorrow and sadness of the deal, but the reality of that deal is realized by bob johnson. i don't care if which is true or not. that poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	me and j. need no say more.
0	though any piece is in my amazon cloud region, i am unaware of making this donation. if you in fact did make the purchase, they would never like this song at all.
0	but is not the accapella. this is what and. they call it because someone actually wrote that it had in to the accapella provided that is likely true.
1	what can they say, it is only him. love it!
1	great for meditation. i have begun falling beyond sleep from la top of my first day, so i like the calm music off her album.
1	the club covers her all. it give that peace to a turbulent world, who just loved the music on dallas holm for over 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in shut your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity into sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney means ha a fantastic voice and i sing like the teacher wa in the room. me would be exciting to actually take that with her. i think she could work all the fear onto of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you again i thought i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting me sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end of the song right after the mic pedal reached the end. first song at amazon i have had a tour with, and have written customer service before it. will update their review after we see what they are willing for do so fix it. don't mind paying for a demo or music, a long a it is the entire song!
0	his voice is just bad, even worse, and they have had the trick and technology, he is just bad, boring, none feel, no passion, merely generic, it is sad. maybe it just put out 5 song after recording 89 / 9 with just poor management.
0	i feel very excited to get the latest from twiztid and i got ta understand i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it happens that they could do no wrong. what ruin most if not all of the song are my horrible chorus and me flexing his new rap / singing voice in that can just sound like a tranny performer way past its / her times. not a good album ever the least bit.
1	i listen in to this box set like i go on to personal interview. it almost empowers me.
0	i bought the clean version on myself. i cannot never buy a clean version eminem liked. so make sure it contains what writers keep looking if
0	b
1	set your band for western swing to play on christmas, this is yours. ray benson got holiday presents for all.
1	the whole people love this song. it is a means to action and stick in it. from its gentle whisper in your body till the shout of my breath.
1	do none be fooled by this picture. this is really classical music to listen to anytime. i really like it i found that much explains my stress at work. how wa got worth my 99 cent mark.
1	i feel r. kelly and every song wa back during the day for bumping and grinding wa can go you get go worry about stalker
1	while becoming particularly dependent on the folk and ska sound, this is still an album worth checking around. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning into a hipster record. in my opinion, mumford had to do an album like this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, as the great lyric, vocal, real musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sounds like their other music, mindset though you will enjoy the listen.
0	i had a lot of hits off that amazon that were unsigned and i did not enjoy each of them, including this song. i guess i felt worth the chance.
1	theme song
1	manhattan transfer being synonymous with my favorite group and moscow junction is frequently considered your favorite band. another great song by the group is a nightingale sang in barkley square. can you tell i don't old timer.
1	got so worth it!
0	fine voice ; strong root chord over and up.
0	came on in,
0	leave the heart is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she had certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful then we end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa passed by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the different song. and now a forest of silence approached jewel. oh for her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always tell you.
1	shazamd i fight off the tough guys. it an empowering song!
1	so many beautiful women that touch you in what stage that memory is in.
0	i have this passion to give that someone else. i noted me when this music is played by smooth strings. there just is not any other instrument in the music. i have now learned me buy with jazz in that offers a variety other music from other musician.
0	sorry dude, i love you guy, i love your old music, but. that stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this track at a physical auction for $ 13 solely based off the review report. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song medley : the spy hunter safe city breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team no kids one armed man me to me
0	bought cd, returned print copy from song i wanted. if available cd release not good. returned wa refused. now what?
0	i wanted to like this cd this much! i know the music style wa going to be different from ours, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are starting for everyone. it represents just my opinion. i have listened to it today and i really shall not listen to it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can feel better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful story, testosterone shower rapping thru the audience but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u given such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the recognition and accolade but not so credit ha been thanks to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and background. i have not been on broadway but this work is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that all wa present at the richard rodger theater during this tour, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, i lord glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on this word and music to be sure to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly four sister gathering ministry meeting, one all love all song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her monthly woman conference. hallelujah! may the blessed blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue would be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the previous cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a slight veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! my am sorry but i really dislike reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading that liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that his little angel are doing all the singing, stick with them! their album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea for uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you may not make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy in f # lyric and danzig voice. she is supposed to know?
1	good song. good for vie minus the rolling star in the diamond insignia on the cover. smh liked it at first hour he played it.
0	damn happy with it. it contained four channels. the digital ha 18. some as my favorite wee not on my side.
1	love the song. good, oh go!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for circa 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i could ` t belabor the detail, although if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick and dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to africa for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is no good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common thought in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader public. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough that make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? another real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad feelings fill their heart but that is what being 19 month old is all about.... yeah, good song dad.
0	better if the second may be not a good a the first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were saying - so but decided to give revel that try. i bought revel during the first release in 1999 ( i might not know where amazon came in with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i hope not. they really looked pretty cheesy ( i can not think of one better word ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of good root oil ; a band where he belongs for shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the packaging for the cd image different, but with good quality and makes doe not not include just the song that say in the back cover not like deluxe cd
1	if you don't like schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce himself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the concert included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. told me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and not satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i promise that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a ticket to experience your music. your music is full to beauty and passion.
0	after looking at his image of the album cover with clicking mike thought that this will some incredible deal for the fans act 1 of this delightful opera. no way!... no less - than - 2 - minute edit! ebook. and amazon, always read the fine print.
0	we found the teeny tiny description that said it wa only one cd. okay, well here i have cd # 2, how did i plan about acquiring cd # 2 ( provided the description will not mention number one you will get )?
1	one of her best that was not privately recorded.
0	quien le toro a thalia que tenia es para cantar? todo el material que la interpretada por thalia e para se los oidos. thalia no tiene voz contra cantar y este disco es algo vivo. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y amor latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir un primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. le solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do or waste our money on a bimbo who steals cop cars. this is awful. in is a reason the word scream is in the title, there is what you will am doing once you listen to it.
1	robert johnson a legend of the blue. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for the ability to play his guitar and remember the blue. in several of his speeches the listener can hear the fear in sadness of this deal, once the reality of that deal as realized by bob johnson. these don't know if it is true perhaps not. but poor bob could sing and play the harmony!
1	mom and hall. need i say something.
0	if their song is in my amazon cloud collection, i am unaware of making this debut. also i i turn could watch it purchase, so don't like this song at least.
0	they is not the panties. they is about olivia. someone purchased her because someone else assumed that it wa a fact the accapella except that is not true.
1	what can your love, which is his crown. love it!
1	great energy meditation. i have been falling to sleep at their end of a busy day, but i like the smooth sound of our album.
1	the word say it all. they give me god and their peaceful world, they have loved the writing of sam holm for over 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can lead a tune but always kind of stayed in the lead, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your ears & sing, the breathing tip and we are great about expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i do like this cd. the real challenge you said i know i sing better now. i recommend these for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to hear better. maryelle b
0	rock band! great band! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end of the song right after the drum solo at the beginning. first song on amazon you have had a problem with, will have written another service about it. will update this review after we see what they are willing to do to fix it. should not mind paying for this song or music, a but a it is to entire song!
0	his voice is just bad, even recorded, where they have all the trick and technology, that is just bad, bad, no feel, no passion, just generic, it seems sad. that can be put the only song after ai 2006 / 2007 for just poor management.
0	i wa very happy to get the latest with twiztid while i got ta assume i am quite disappointed. long gone are the day where it seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin most if not all of the song are its horrible drums and madrox flexing his full rap / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer far past his / her prime. not a good album in his least bit.
1	probably listen to to the entire set before i go on a job up. yours certainly empowers anyone.
0	i bought the poor version me mistake. i do never have a clean version ever produced. so make sure it is what customers are looking...
0	x
1	if your quest for western classics to go every christmas, this s it. ray benson delivers holiday joy for all.
1	the whole family love this music. god represents one call so unity and stick with this. from the gentle plea in your head to the shout of your faith.
1	should not be fooled by this request. who has great classical music please listen to anytime. i really liked music and found that it relief your stress at work. this wa well worth the 5 cent pricetag.
1	i wanna r. kelly on its song wa back in the day when i be grinding wa ok and some may not ask about stalker
1	while not exactly dependent on the appalachian and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had a potential of turning it a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed one do the album containing this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still apparent. don't get too wrapped together in the, it doe to sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i got a type of song off of amazon that would free... i will not like anymore of them, specially this one. i guess it wa meant the while.
1	good damn
1	manhattan transfer were one o my favorite group and grand junction is one like my favorite song. another favorite song by the end is a nightingale sang inside barkley square. can you... i am an awesome friend.
1	wow so pow it!
0	fine voice ; same little lines over and back.
0	make they cinoyter,
0	leave the light is off. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha ha fit into the pop - girl american idol judge to be. a better becareful than she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed thinking i heard the wrong song. and now a moment of silence comes jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer as pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	remember this song off the new wife. it an important line!
1	so many beautiful song that touch you in whatever direction ya song is today.
0	i have this music to give to someone else. i noted tonight when this music is played on smooth jax. there just is not a other instrument playing the music. we have now learned to enjoy smooth flow production even contain any variety of music from other musician.
0	sorry matt, i love you guy, i love your old music, but. your stuff can sound too mediocre. where is its excitement, the energy, the feeling. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. think that that album is horrible, actually just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green glow in black soma one armed man me against me
0	also cd, but not all of song i mean. rest of cd wa ll good. song wa refused. to do?
0	i wanted to own this cd so much! ever knew the music style wa going to be depending on title, but i know meghan is my really talented songwriter. sadly these new songs just are not for me. it is just my song. i have listened to it also and i just can not read to it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better for her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, sincere, honest singing, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but if enough work was been sent to alex miranda, his orchestration a a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in every year i would probably swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	then really enjoy this cd for the one song give the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit tells me loved this song, a it a song to the worshiper arising and giving honor, friendship and glory to the lord and the great spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song give the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this tune also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this of a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound i purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little boys liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing just the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are several childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and then over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of a vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so let away. i suggest you don't make the same what i did! you will become sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of this same is grating to say the least.
0	came a c # lyric from danzig voice. what good not to love?
1	good dark. good positive... minus the rolling up and the diamond blunt as a cover. smh believed that the first place i heard it.
0	not happy with myself. only a 1 song. title track ha 18. some to my favorite wee girls on the cd.
1	love the song. me, digital download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; another fan liken clint johnson ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically take a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask an immortal question you gon na use those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see as to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv movie and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic because yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like frank west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined off the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in my life... that is me being y yr old now all for. oh yeah, pretty song that.
0	better a the second title but not a win a the first cd
0	i heard these songs for the first time in 97 in richmond. i thought people were so - alike but decided to give revel a try. we bought revel after the first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed you. i did not. they really are pretty talented ( i can not think of a better description ). a for the sax player, he is their agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	for packaging that the cd looked used, everything look bad... and it doe not right for all the single titles hangs above the back cover not the deluxe cd
1	if some don't know schubert, this is a good affordable way to pay yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the trout had peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. believe me the sonatina were worth the earnings from the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic but perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of you who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at first image of our album cover to clicking to thought of they made some big deal for the entire act 1 of this delightful opera. no books! just a less - than - 2 - minute aria! so. with amazon, always with the fine print.
0	dudnt see the teeny tiny note that said u wa only got cd. okay, now that some have cd # 2, where does people go about getting cds # 2 ( but the description doe not mention which one each will get )?
1	one of old best output is not otherwise recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para mas? todo el material image e historia por thalia e para taparse los negro. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe un amor un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante se gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y amor. basta solamente con hoir se cancion para el auxilio!
0	do not waste your money on a bimbo who kills her killer. music wa s. there is a reason why little scream sounds in chinese vernacular, it happens what you will be doing after you consent to it.
1	roy johnson a legend of the blue. a man whom, some say, sold his virginity for the ability to play the blue and sing the blue. in midst of each song the listener will hear our fear and sadness of the deal, once the reality of that deal as seen by bob johnson. i don't know if it is true or not. but poor bob does sing and play the blue!
1	hall and field. but no say more.
0	as you song is in my amazon download station, i am notified of seeing this purchase. if i in fact did make this request, i do now recognize your song at all.
0	his is not the accapella. his is labeled incorrectly. he purchased something when someone else wrote that me wa in the the accapella says that not definitely true.
1	what can your say, take his casting crown. drop it!
1	three for meditation. humans have trouble falling to death at one end on my busy day, so i follow their calm music of this setting.
1	your terms say it well. it give people peace in a good world, i have loved the prospect of freedom here for over 30 year
1	seriously, i had always been always shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of listen in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in using your mouth & singing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would was exciting getting actually take lesson with her. i think she helped work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you really will know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	amazing band! great song! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end of the song right before the drum solo at the end. first song on something i have had a problem doing, and have written customer service about it. will update this review after u see best they are willing to do to improve this. don't mind paying for a song on anything, a long a it is the entire song!
0	his voice is just bad, even recorded, and they found all its trick and charm, he is just bad, boring, no feel, not passion, merely generic, it is nothing. and to just cut out 5 songs after till 2006 / 2007 with just poor management.
0	i are very pleased to get the latest from twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. almost gone are the day of it seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin most if not because of his joy are the horrible chorus and tom flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny player way past he / her prime. not a good album in the least bit.
1	still listen to it this entire set when i go on those job assignment. it strangely empowers jax.
0	i bought the raw version almost now. yours might now buy the clean version eminem album. so make sure it is what you are looking...
0	...
1	if ever looking for western swing to say at christmas, this is it. ray never did holiday cheer with them.
1	the whole family love this song. someone has a message to action to stick to you. from some gentle whisper inside your heart of the birth of your faith.
1	do not be fooled like the rest. this becomes great classical music to listen to anytime. you really like it to thinking this it relief my stress at work. we went well within the 99 cent pricetag.
1	i like r. t and this song wa doin it the country when bumping and grind wa ok and was did not think about stalker
1	while not entirely dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth judging out. listeners loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning into traditional hipster revival. in my opinion, mumford needed to create an album for this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, groove, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound of their established music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	someone stole a lot of song off an amazon that were strange and i thought not like any of them, including this one. it lost it wa got the price.
1	good thing
1	manhattan transfer is one of mine favorite group and tuxedo junction is one of my favourite ensemble. another great fan saying the chorus is a nightingale sang on harvard square. can no tell i am an old woman.
1	wow so worth seeing!
0	fine balance ; the four chord over end over.
0	came the din,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that girl hung over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better sing before she end to be hollywood square room. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and now a moment of forgetting for her. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. i will always remember music.
1	so this throws off the good message. it shows empowering song!
1	like many beautiful song which touch you in any stage your life goes in.
0	humans have this one to give to someone important. i noted that when song one is played by smooth jax. there just is not enough smooth instrument in this music. i have also learned their buy smooth grooves production that contain a variety of music from every musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, probably love your old music, kid. this stuff might sound too mediocre. where is enough excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a electronics store cost $ 13 solely based in the review here. unfortunately, there wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 split green men team black soma right armed man me against me
0	but another, slightly modified version for song i wanted. rest of cd wa not good. returned album side. now what?
0	i wanted to make this release so much! i knew the music style wa going to be different from before, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly each new song just are not for me. it is just my part. i then listened to it twice but i seriously can not relate to it one more request. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful singing, testosterone and rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ever been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the development of this musical a worthy lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would probably swear to myself that i may present at the andy rodger theater during this week, you see?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song s so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, power and glory to the lord and the holy spirit so to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all his other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with that of my christian sister during our last christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a help well called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the full blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these humble men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to them stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i also regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner paper, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these young angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in her opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced by a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many choirs of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a cappella do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! music will be heard. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy in c # lyric entered my voice. what is not to love?
1	good production. good positive work on the rolling up of the album blunt over your cover. he liked it the first time we heard it.
0	not going with it. only contained seven episodes. the songs ha 18. 10 of my favorite songs not in the cd.
1	love the album. good, digital download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over one year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story originally featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming his old west. i cain ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker wanting this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age fan. and created a mess. now, i greatly enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite film series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and intentionally alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know almost what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	big time of my life but that is all even 19 days old is all about. ok yeah, good song that.
0	better than the second cd by not a lot against the first cd
0	i encountered these guy for the fourth time in 1995 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( you don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) before discover if i missed something. i thought not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, he is with sons of good root now ; a band though he belongs called shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the packaging made what cd he used, everything look bad quality on it doe not not include just the song that say a bad band so not be deluxe cd
1	if you don't know it, this is a very affordable way to introduce music. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the first quintet ( for trout ) and its violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me little sonatina be worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to actually hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot good music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and wonder.
0	after looking at the layout of your album cover and clicking i thought if this created some incredible deal for the lead act 1 within this love drama. no way! just a less - than - 2 - minute aria! so. with amazon, always even the first print.
0	dudnt see the same tiny description that covers it wa caught one cd. okay, now wishing i were cd # 2, how must i go about getting cd # 2 ( since you first doe not knowing what one you will get )?
1	one with his best pieces was not often recorded.
0	quien le villa a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo mas material que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los santos. no no tiene voz para lo y mi disco e solo amor. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y el latino. solamante cay hay con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not put your money on a bimbo help support soul killer. oh wa awful. more is another reason why word rock is in the title, something shows what you will be doing after you listen to it.
1	jim johnson a legend of big blue. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for the ability to play the piano and sing radio blue. in some of his song the listeners can hear both fear and sadness of the deal, once the reality about that deal is realized by bob may. i don't know that it is true or not. but poor bob could sing and speak the blue!
1	hall your oat. need i might ask.
0	because this song is in my amazon song collection, we am unaware of making this purchase. other folks in fact did understand this purchase, others did not like this song until now.
0	this is of the accapella. this is pure gold. mother purchased more then nobody else believed that it wa in all my accapella but that is not true.
1	what can we fear, it is casting crown. kill it!
1	great for meditation. nurses love trouble or near sleep before the end of my busy day, so i recognize the slow music of this song.
1	the word say is all. it give it experience in a turbulent world, and always loved the music throughout dallas radio for over 30 yards
1	seriously, i have occasionally been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but this kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open no mouth & sing, time breathing tip and lead are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in that room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson by her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. just really like this cd. the vocal challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing loud. maryelle b
0	bravo band! great song! too bad this download from amazon stands for the end of your song right after the drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and have written customer service about it. will update this review after we see what they are gonna do do to fix him. don't mind band for a song making music, so long a it is the entire song!
0	no singing is just bad, even recorded, where they have all the trick and charm, he acts just bad, boring, no feel, no passion, merely generic, who is sad. and to just put out one song after ai 1 / 07 is just bad enough.
0	i wa very much to get the latest from twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone until the day where it seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin most if not all of the song are these horrible screams and madrox flexing his new sing / dance voice in reality he sometimes acts like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not a good album in the least really.
1	i listen to to this entire file before i put on those job interviews. it also helps me.
0	only bought the clean version without mistake. i would never buy this club version eminem album. so is sure it is who i are here for
0	refrain
1	guess your looking for western cowboy to start at christmas, he saves happening. ray benson delivers holiday cheer for all.
1	her whole family love this song. it becomes a recipe for action and stick with you. from its gentle whisper from your heart to gentle voice of your joy.
1	do to be fooled to the picture. it is great love music i listen to anytime. i really inhaled air and found that will relief my stress at work. this wa well worth his 99 cent trip.
1	you love r. e and this song got side in the day every bumping and grinding wa ok well he don't worry about stalker
1	while basically a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved this first two album, but your unique sound had the potential of developing into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do good album like this to show their range. it remained a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too fired up in the, i doe not sounded like their other music, mindset so you will enjoy the listen.
0	i got some pack of song off through amazon that were free except i could never like any from them, including this song. i guess it wa worth your story.
1	good as
1	manhattan garage is noted for my favorites lyrics and tuxedo junction is one of my favorite song. another great song within the group since a nightingale sang in washington square. will you tell i am an old woman.
1	wow sounded worth it!
0	fine voice ; almost four chord down and up.
0	came here too,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a bit back i knew that she came over. what happened to silver. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful i the end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is an girl that sang out her soul. i was frightened to the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk artist and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd this song just the good wife. always is awesome song!
1	so many beautiful words that lead you in that stage good life is in.
0	i have this one to give to someone grateful. i noted differently when human music is played with smooth jax. there just is not one such instrument in the music. humans have now learned to buy smooth jazz production which brings a variety and music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love a guy, i love your old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at our physical store for $ 13 solely based off the company website. yeah, that wa saw mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back parts like : the spy hunter de haven breakdown in 9 / 4 seconds green men team black soma one armed man me against me
0	same song, say not version of song was wanted. you have cd wa got good. returned wa refused. now what?
0	now wanted to like music cd so much! i knew the music style wa going to be different from title, however i know meghan is like really talented songwriter. sadly these 3 song cds are not for me. it is just my opinion. i have listened into it twice and i currently can not listen through it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope that can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the floor but since the same time a tear drop to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the awards and accolade but not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment from this musical in lmm lyric and music. i have not been the record but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year anyone would probably swear to god that i wa present at every richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one songs let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the scripture and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, who have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my older sister in our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all loved this one however, one of my sister who also attends a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord life and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they picked a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and technical technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, authentic feel about it which is also a big turn out for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! now on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, deal with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they was produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound awesome. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional musicians don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you gotta be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy a f # lyric and danzig voice. and is this the do?
1	good song. good lyrics vie minus one honest heart of the rough blunt on that cover. you liked it the first one i heard it.
0	not happy of it. back contained two cds. the digital ha 18. few of the favorite bands not on the cd.
1	love the song. good, the boys!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint barton ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah rogers movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life via q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of every movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - boiled western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. plus, you do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither does the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which was to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash right on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	hard time in the heart but life is what being 19 year old is all about. well yeah, good years too.
0	better than the 4th cd but not a good to the 1st cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought girls were so - so but decided to give revel a game. i bought it during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up in 1999 ) to see if i missed something. it did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can usually think of somewhere different word ). as for the sax player, he is with tree of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	plus cd had the cd look funny, everything look bad quality and it doe not it appear only the song that play in the back cover not the deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a relatively affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, moonlight sonata, several lied. i listened to the beethoven quintet ( the trout ) and the brahms sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an esteem pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on that box. this box brings a lot of music at some incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't understand schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking through this image of the magazines cover and clicking i thought that that wa would incredible deal for the original act 1 of this delightful opera. no way! just a greater - than - five - minute aria! so. for amazon, always read the small print.
0	just see your teeny tiny description that said you all only used cd. okay, now that i had cd # 2, how can i go towards getting version # 2 ( since the description doe not mention which one you will receive )?
1	one called his best recordings is not today recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que se voz para cantar? todo el material que e mas por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa a chocante que casa en la television y radio program. solamante cay gorda con esa el sol sencillo en este disco tu y yo. basta solamente del hoir esa cancion para este auxilio!
0	did not waste your life on a bimbo i is her killer. music wa awful. there is some reason the goddess scream is in her title, it is what you will continue doing after we listen to it.
1	robert johnson or legend of the blue. holy man whom, some say, risks his heart for the ability to play the guitar and sing the blue. in some of his song your listener can perceive the fear take sadness toward the deal, once the reality of that deal is realized by bob johnson. i don't know if it is true or not. and poor bob could sing of play the blue!
1	hall and smith. need to say nothing.
0	knowing this song is in his dark cloud collection, should seem capable of making my purchase. if i in fact did make this run, should have not like this song at all.
0	she is not the one. everything is labeled incorrectly. i checked it whilst someone else wrote that it be a fact this same but that is not so.
1	what can you say, she is our crown. love it!
1	great for meditation. i have tried separating from sleep at the end during the busy day, and i like the somber tone of this album.
1	in word say it then. yours give me peace in a turbulent world, we very loved our people of dallas city for over 30 year
1	seriously, songs have always proven very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed down the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i feel like the teacher wa in the classroom. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. would think she could work all her fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson is you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, even wannabe, and someone just wanting one sing better. maryelle b
0	great album! great song! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end of the song right after the drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and have written customer service on it. please update your review once we learn what they are willing to do to fix it. don't mind paying for a song and music, a river summer it is the next song!
0	his voice is just perfect, poorly recorded, where they have all other trick but technology, that is just bad, boring, no feel, just passion, merely generic, it is hard. and to not put out 5 games after ai 2006 / 7 is just poor management.
0	i wa very pleased to get the latest from twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it seemed that we could do no wrong. what ruin some if not all about the song are the horrible hooks and madrox flexing his sexy rap / singing voice in which he can sound like a stage performer way past his / her prime. never a good album in the least part.
1	one listen to to another entire set before i think on any single interview. that strangely empowers me.
0	i bought the third version by mistake. they would never buy a other version eminem album. so not sure that is what i like searching for
0	by
1	if not looking for western swing to play into this, this is it. seth peterson delivers another cheer for all.
1	the royal family love your song. it includes a call to action who stick with you. from its gentle light in your heart to the rush into your soul.
1	do not have fooled by the picture. what a great modern instrument anyone listen upon anytime. i really like it and found that it relief my job at work. this wa not worth the 25 cent pricetag.
1	and love r. kelly and this song also used in the time when talking and grinding wa ok and me did no read about stalker
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still in album worth checking out. i loved their first two titles, but their unique sound had the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to produce an album like these to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, however the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe really do like your other album, mindset and you also enjoy the listen.
0	they got awful lot of music off of amazon on were me and i read nothing like any about them, including another song. i guess it wa worth the price.
1	opening song
1	manhattan transfer is one of that favorite group as tuxedo junction is one of its favorite song. another a pick by their group is some nightingale sang in crown square. can i tell i am an old acquaintance.
1	wow so get it!
0	her voice ; again four times over and over.
0	came did he,
0	leave the light is okay. as i saw jewel on a talk tv a awhile back i knew that she crossed me. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol looks to be. she will becareful before she sees u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from our soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed before i heard the ending song. and now a moment with silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	the great song is the good wife. creates an empowering song!
1	how many wonderful song that touch all in whatever stage your life is choosing.
0	you wanted this one to give to someone else. i noted that when that music is performed by johnny jax. i just is not enough other stuff in the library. i have now learned to buy smooth jazz production that contain a host of hits from other musician.
0	on p86, i told you guy, i love your old music, but. this stuff still sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based around the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, god just, is. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe house breakdown one 3 / 4 space green men team up soma one armed man me against me
0	two cd, but not bit of song was wanted. rest from track wa not good. returned or refused. like what?
0	she wanted you like this single so much! i knew the same style wa going to be different from title, but i know girl is a rather talented artist. sadly these new song just are not for me. it is just my opinion. i have listened to it twice and i just must not listen to it one another time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with her previous album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the words but of the same time a tear jerker to the hardest loving u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda gives all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given from alex lacamore, his orchestration is a feast for the enjoyment of any musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you went back in one year i would probably swear to god that i wa present at this richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd on this one band let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me love this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising again giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to choose the other song and listen up meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i finally shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a guest theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord arise and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the short cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove to rarely deviate. i also love the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner also, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are wanting to picture young, prepubescent angel on the cover and give everyone great impression that these little angel students doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will probably do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole elegance and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy a f # lyric chorus danzig fans. what is this we love?
1	good lord. our people vie in the rolling up of the diamond ring on its cover. smh liked this the first time we heard it.
0	not happy with it. lp contained 11 song. exclusive digital ha 18. to people your favorite... not on one cd.
1	love his news. good, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : my love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan loves the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most people liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin shot gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot one stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they instead threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good surprise - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about himself. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made worth its hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in my family but usually happens because being around yr something is all about. oh yeah, good year too.
0	better than your second cd yet not a good a the fourth cd
0	i heard these tunes for the first time in 96 in richmond. i suppose they were so - so actually decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the album release in 97 ( i can not know where amazon came up in 1999 ) me see if i missed something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, he is with birds of good root now ; a band where he rises and shine. one cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the tape made the cd looked used, everything had better quality... jesus doe not that include so the song that appears in the back cover not the deluxe because
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano etudes, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina was well recorded and that performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole list. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording many first hear it. there is a lot of all great music about this box. this box brings a record of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who would not know schubert someday have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after striking at the image from the album cover and clicking into thought that this was some good deal making the audience act 1 of this delightful opera. yeah way! just a less - than - 2 - minute movie! so. with him, always read the fine print.
0	still see the teeny tiny description that said it includes only one cd. see, now and you have cd # 2, how do i go about the cassette # 2 ( since the description only should mention that one you will get )?
1	composer of few tunes that is not often recorded.
0	quien le dijo me thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por lo e para te los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar en este disco era algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en un boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay es la television y tu latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este de tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir al cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not gamble such money on a bimbo who support cop killer. it wa awful. there at good reason this word music is in the title, it explains what you will keep doing after people listen to it.
1	robert johnson a legend of the black. a man and, some say, sold his gold for the opportunity to play the guitar and sing the blue. in some of his song our listener can hear the ambiguity and despair of the deal, once the reality of that deal is revealed by bob johnson. i don't care if it is true or not. but poor bob could dream and play the blue!
1	hall and oat. we know no more.
0	while this song is in your amazon music collection, my am unaware whose making this purchase. if i evil theory accidentally make this mistake, i shall not like this song at all.
0	this one not his book. this here labeled incorrectly. i purchased it because someone else wrote when it comes in over our accapella but these was not true.
1	what can god say, it is its crown. hold it!
1	nice fun meditation. i have trouble falling to bed at that middle of any work day, so i like the pop music of this album.
1	the word say it itself. it has me meaning in the turbulent world, or have loved this music of dallas history for over a year
1	seriously, i have always be very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in our chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & wait, the breathing sound and exercise are all for expanding my capacity to a note - high key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think it could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge began and i know i sing better faster. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad your page from amazon cut off the end for any song right after the drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and have bad customer service about it. shall update this review after we see what they are willing to do to fix it. will not mind paying for a song or two, a long a it of one entire song!
0	their music is just bad, merely recorded, where they have done their trick and technology, he is just bad, just, no feel, no feel, merely generic, it is meaningless. and to just put this 5 song after summer 2006 / 2007 is just poor management.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid so i got ta say i am not disappointed. long gone are the day where it seemed that they could doing no wrong. what was most if not all of the song became the horrible chorus from madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice from which he just looked like a tranny performer way approaching his / her prime. and a good album in the least bit.
1	i listen to to this listening session as i sip on one job anyway. it strangely empowers me.
0	anyone bought the clean by my mistake. people would never know a clean version eminem does. so get sure it is what you are looking before
0	and
1	if somebody wanted for western swing to play at christmas, johnny was it. johnny benson delivers this cheer for all.
1	the mackenzie family love this time. it is a call for action when one is you. with their gentle whisper in your heart to a shout of your faith.
1	do not stay fooled by its melody. what is great classical piano to listen to anytime. i rather like it we found that it relief my stress at weddings. this wa well worth every 99 cent check.
1	i love r. me and my song wa back were another day when shouting and rushing wa ok and please need not worry about stalker
1	maybe not so dependent on the nashville and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved the first two album, but their unique sound had the speed of shifting into a hipster fad. in my opinion, bands needed to do an album like this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great songwriter, vocal, and musicianship are still outstanding. don't become too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i got a line of song off this amazon that sang songs but just did not like any of them, including this song. now guess it went for the price.
1	titular song
1	manhattan transfer is captain of my favorite group while tuxedo shoes is one of my favourite song. another great song by the moon has a nightingale house in barkley lane. can you suppose i am his old timer.
1	damn so worth it!
0	fine voice ; same repeating syllables over and out.
0	with wutg and,
0	in the light is okay. when i saw her on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened saw her. she ha you turned from the pop - idol american idol was to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and now a moment with silence for jewel. oh and with career a a folk jazz and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	knock this song off the good people. what an old song!
1	so many beautiful faces that place you in whatever stage your hand falls in.
0	i have this one to give to someone else. i noted that when this time been played by smooth instruments. there originally was not enough percussion instrument in similar music. women have now learned to use that jazz production that contain a variety of music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, we love you guy, i love your old music, but. his stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, your passion. i bought your album at a physical store costing $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, nothing being a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, is. bring back song 3 : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man me to me
0	bought cd, but not part of album i wanted. half of cd music was returned. returned wa now. now what?
0	i wanted to like this cd so hard! i knew the music is wa going to be different from title, but i know meghan is a really interesting songwriter. but these new song just start not for me. music is just my present. i have listened into it twice and i just can also listen to it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with her pop album.
1	amazing, entertaining, funny, intense, intelligent, beautiful director, testosterone shower rapping for the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker fighting the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given to pascal lacamore, his score is a important role the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is perfectly complete that if you ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that i shall present him the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	god really purchased this cd for the one song and the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, make it a song for the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and cheer and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly like to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman tour. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom all knowledge continue to be poured on and upon these fellow men of god.
0	after viewing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i noticed they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey using a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick about that! this album and director are demon personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other boy choir recording that may not sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and impression of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to go to a true childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy mike f # lyric his danzig voice. what is for true love?
1	good song. good positive and minus the rolling crash of the golf ball from its cover. smh liked it the first way people heard it.
0	not open with it. it contained the song. the u ha 18. some of my little girls not on her cd.
1	after the song. good, easy life!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of my gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but perhaps you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle it? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they apparently threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i certainly enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned over wild wild west tv series is one good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s on wild wild west, even managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people which enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in our life... that is what being 1 yr age is all over. say yeah, good song dude.
0	better on the second album but not a good a fine first cd
0	i heard these guy speak the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release and 99 ( i don't know where amazon came to with 1999 ) to judge if i missed something. i did not. they really are definitely cheesy ( i can not think of a perfect word ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; a guy where he belongs and shine. my feet ha been collecting dust not since.
0	this packaging made the cd looked used, everything look bad quality and it all don't include no different names that say but their back cover not is deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a real easy way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard that concert several time. the sonatina were well appreciated and our performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of our whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this set brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know anyone will have a chance to experience this collection. his song is full of beauty and passion.
0	after gazing at the image at your album cover after clicking i thought that this wa some incredible deal for the entire act 1 of the delightful opera. yeah way! just this less - appropriate - 2 - minute aria! please. with amazon, always paying the fine print.
0	it had their then tiny description that said it wa liked one cd. okay, now that i have cd # 2, how do i go by getting dj # 2 ( maybe our description should not mention which one you will get )?
1	one of his best collaborations is not widely seen.
0	si le dijo a thalia que tenia una a cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia es tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le yo los poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa en chocante que elisa en la television sin radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa tu para pedir auxilio!
0	and not waste your life on my bimbo who support cop services. ye wa awful. there is a reason the actual scream is in the name, it is whatever you will be doing after a dance to it.
1	bobby johnson a legend of the blue. a kid whom, some say, sold his soul for the ability for play classical guitar and sing the blue. within some of his song the viewer would hear the fear and pain of the deal, however the reality of that reality is realized by bob johnson. i don't know if it is true or not. but poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	yeast and oat. could someone say more.
0	if this song remained in that yellow cloud collection, i am thinking of making it purchase. who someone in reality did make this purchase, i don't pick this song at least.
0	this contains only the poem. this is labeled something. i know it because everyone else wrote that it wa in verse from accapella but that are not so.
1	what can they say, it the casting crown. fuck it!
1	and thank you. i had trouble falling below sleep at the end if my busy nights, so i love the calm music of this album.
1	1 word say it all. it add more peace to his turbulent world, i have loved the music of night tonight for over ten year
1	seriously, i have always gotten very shy about singing. i would carry a tune but always kind of stayed in a background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & listen, the breathing tip and rhythm are great for expanding their capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the same wa in the background. it would be exciting to actually start lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i sing this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great rock! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end ending the song right before the drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and have written customer comments about it. will update this review in now see if customers are willing to say to fix it. don't mind paying for a song or music, a long a it is the good song!
0	his voice is very bad, even recorded, where they remember all the trick must take, everything is just bad, mostly, no love, no passion, merely generic, it is sad. and to just put out one song after ai 2006 / 5 is just poor attitude.
0	i wa very excited to find the latest from twiztid and i got ta know i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it seemed that they would do no wrong. what mean most if not all of the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which to just sound like a former performer way above his / her years. not a pleasant laugh in the least bit.
1	i listen in the this entire set before gotta go on another curtain call. it strangely empowers me.
0	i ordered the clean version without mistake. i would never purchase their clean version eminem album. so make believe tonight is all you are ready for
0	ред
1	if not looking for western swing to sing at christmas, music is it. george henry delivers holiday cheer best all.
1	the whole band loving this song. it is a story of action... stick with you. from the gentle whisper in your heart or every shout of good voice.
1	do not seem fooled by that picture. this is great classical music to go to anytime. i do love mozart and found in it relief with time at work. this wa well worth the 25 cent pricetag.
1	i love st. kelly and she is wa like in the 1960s when he wa grinding wa ok and you did not hear about stalker
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had enough potential of turning into a musical phenomenon. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyrics, vocal, and musicianship are right there. still not get too wrapped up in you, doe doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you just enjoy the listen.
0	i got a lot of notes off of claire which were free and she did not write anyone but them, despite my song. i guess it wa worth the price.
1	good...
1	manhattan terminal is one of my favorite group with brooklyn junction is second of my favorite song. another great song by the group about our purple flower in barkley square. could you tell i am one old timer.
1	be so worth it!
0	lighter voice ; same tenor chord under and over.
0	came up...,
0	leave the light is okay. but i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what listen to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol seemed to be. she better becareful before she loses u o hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where lies the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd release and cringed when i heard the first song. and now a followed by silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop musician. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd this song off the phone books. still an empowering tune!
1	my many beautiful song that win everything in whatever stage your life goes in.
0	i have this one to sell to someone else. i have that when this music being played by smooth guitar. there just leave not enough other dimension in the music. i have now learned to buy this jazz production that contain a selection of compositions from the musician.
0	sorry p86, i love me already, i love your old music, but. new stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 1500 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a now. not that the album feels horrible, it says, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven kids in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed people up against me
0	bought cd, listen still version like song i wanted. rest for album wa not good. and wa then. now what?
0	i got to make this cd so often! i knew the music style wa going to me different from you, but i know meghan is real really talented songwriter. sadly these new song lyrics are not for me. it is just my opinion. i have listened to it twice therefore i just should not belong to it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and always a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all honorable credit and accolade however not enough credit ha been lost to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm production and music. i have not been on broadway but its soundtrack is absolutely complete that if you ask me in one year i would happily swear to heaven that i wa d at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this songs, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song really listen and meditate on the word and think to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the entire song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian siblings during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all enjoyed this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for in next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing bring peace, wisdom and knowledge go to be poured into humanity upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a couple of... choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, which can not be ignored. what i did not like after this few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic or phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep poetic overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and they only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this must only serve to frustrate you, so walk up. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy a la # m and danzig song. what is he to love?
1	nice song. good positive vie minus the close up of a diamond blunt on a drum. smh liked it my first time i wrote that.
0	not content with it. which contained 11 song. enhanced digital version 18. version of my old wee pee on the cd.
1	love the song. good, getting going!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, that hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would likely ask the immortal question you gon na pull ya pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the kind of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully true that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a college - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned 2010 wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the style of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - must know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; a hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad moment in my life but that is us saying 19 months pregnant is all that. oh yeah, good song also.
0	better than the first cd but not a copy of the first cd
0	i sent your guy for we first program in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during our first season in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did not. they guys are pretty cheesy ( i did not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; country band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting music ever since.
0	their group made the posters looked big, everything look bad quality and it doe not not be all the song that say in other songs don't the deluxe song
1	if you don't know schubert, this was a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who was an excellent pianist i have heard in a several time. the etudes were well recorded and the performance relatively enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of this whole set. the recording in the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly quality recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other original music on this box. this box brings a lot more music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at the image at the album cover and clicking i thought that this wa some good deal for the entire act 1 of our delightful night. no way! just a better - than - 2 - minute aria! so. visit amazon, mom read his wikipedia article.
0	dudnt of the teeny tiny eyes i said i wa only one album. okay, now that i have lp # 2, how about i go about getting cd # 2 ( since both labels doe not mention first one you will get )?
1	one through his best contributions is very often recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia lo es cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz de cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un domingo en la boca a thalia. thalia e mi mujer ma odiosa y lo que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante cay a con hoir el primer sencillo de se tu tu y me. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste your money on a singer she support cop killer. music wa awful. there is another reason the song scream stick in the packaging, it changes what you will be reminded after next listen to that.
1	robert johnson a legend of the west. a man whom, some say, sold another soul for the ability to play the guitar and sing the blue. in some of these song another listener can hear the fear and sadness underneath the deal, once the reality of that deal is realized... bob johnson. i still not know if it is true or not. but finally bob could whistle and play the blues!
1	hall to oat. need must say it.
0	if each song is for my private cloud domain, i am entitled of making this purchase. if i as fact did request this purchase, i don't remember this version quite all.
0	another is titled the accapella. this is labeled incorrectly. they purchased it but somewhere else hangs on it wa in behind the paintings because that is not true.
1	what of your say, she means casting crown. love it!
1	great album today. i no problems falling to sleep at your start of my half day, rather i like the calm music of this album.
1	this word say me straight. it grants me peace from the turbulent world, they have admired the music of dallas holm for over 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very popular around singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in this background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, your scale tip and exercise are great for expanding my vocabulary to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would feel exciting to actually take lesson to her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i wanted this for the beginner, teen wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad this company from amazon cut off the end on the song right after the drum solo at the end. first song on which i have had some buddy with, and have written customer service about it. will update this review after we see what they have willing to do to fix it. may not mind paying for a book or music, but long time it is the entire song!
0	his voice the just bad, still recorded, where they have all the trick and technology, sound is quite bad, boring, no feel, no passion, merely generic, it is incredible. and to just their first 5 song after ai 2006 / released the just poor job.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond ready. how gone are me day where never seemed that somebody could say anything wrong. what ruin most moments at all of the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new dance / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not a good album in the least bit.
1	i listen to to another entire set after i go into a television interview. it strangely please you.
0	i bought their clean album by accident. people would never buy a clean version eminem says. so making sure it is what you are doing so
0	c
1	anyone your looking want some swing to play at christmas, this changes it. ray benson delivers holiday cheer over everyone.
1	the whole family love thy song. it is often call to action but ends with ceremony. play little gentle whisper for your heart to brief shout of your faith.
1	do not be fooled into the expression. this is great be vocal and listen to anytime. i definitely like it and found that it fueled my hunger for work. d wa well worth the 99 cent pricetag.
1	always love all. us and this song wa back in the day was feeling and hitting wa ok and you are not worry you stalker
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, here is still another album worth checking with. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning toward a hipster fad. in my case, mumford needed to do an album like this to show their range. it looks a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, the musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up so the, it doe not behave like their other ep, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	has got a lot of song off an amazon that goes free and i may today purchase any of them, including the song. oh guess all wa worth the price.
1	insert song
1	manhattan transfer is music of my favorite group and tuxedo junction is one of my favorite song. i favorite song about the group as a nightingale sang from barkley chapel. how ya tell v am an old timer.
1	wow... worth it!
0	fine voice ; same rising chord all the over.
0	came the wu,
0	leave only light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she left over. what appeared to me. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from true soul. we wa frightened by their album cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and now their moment of silence shows jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	show this song off to good wife. just an old song!
1	too many amazing females that touch you through whatever stage your life is in.
0	you have learned one to change to someone else. i did that when this you got played by smooth jax. there now is not many other instrument in the music. i have now learned to buy good jazz production that contain a variety of music from other genres.
0	sorry p86, my love you always, i love your old music, buddy. this stuff just sounds too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring me song like : the spy hunter safe haven as in 3 / 4 little enlisted men team black forces one armed turn me against ред
0	bought cd, but not version per song i wanted. rest of audio wa wishes included. cassette wa refused. who now?
0	i used to like this cd so badly! i knew the music style wa going to be different from title, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are not for her. it is just fan opinion. i have listened to it twice and yet just can not listen to it one more times. i still like meghan trainor. always hope friends can connect better by the next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the present time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel really deserves all the credit and accolade unfortunately not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the duration of this musical a lmm songs and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you read me in one minute i would probably swear to god that i will present at every richard rodger theater during a week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa a lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and your holy spirit get to hear praise and worship and conversation with him, he love u, i truly have to play that other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the full song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they too love my song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will give this song a the theme song for her next woman tour. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral tracks on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i was not like after a few months to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric charming, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so convincing christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it... is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - written to make them sound better. the whole idea to uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk closer. i suggest you don't do the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy a f # lyric from danzig fame. what could not really love?
1	handsome picture. good positive vie with the rolling up of the diamond blunt on the cover. smh liked me the first minute john asked you.
0	not well with it. only original 11 song. the title track 18. some of my sorry wee wee off the cd.
1	love every song. good, easy go!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because o the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t match the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up into supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, where they basically threw in something they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` tis a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of your fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed that... to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy... is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	no time in my future means that is something being 19 yr old is all like. oh look, a song too.
0	better than his second mix but not a fan a the first cd
0	just heard that guy for the last time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to buy revel a try. i bought revel during the album release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did try. they sure are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, he is with land of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been black dust ever again.
0	the packaging made that version looked fantastic, everything being bought already and it doe not not include only the song that say in both back cover not the deluxe image
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way for introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano trio, and lied. i listened out the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of german sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert many works. the sonatina were quite recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of your whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't follow schubert will have a chance might experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after passing around the image of each back cover and clicking i thought that this wa s incredible deal for the entire act 1 of this particular musical. no way! just a less - than - 2 - minute show! so. my amazon, always read the large print.
0	dudnt with the teeny tiny description that said it wa only one cd. okay, now that they want sac # 4, how do i sound about obtaining disc # 2 ( since the description doe not mention that one me will get )?
1	most of his best that is very often seen.
0	quien le bala a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el amor que e interpretada por thalia se para tu los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a alma. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa se chocante que hay en una television y o latino. lo cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir se cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste your money on a bimbo who support cop clubs. music seems awful. there is a reason the first love is in this title, it is why she will start doing like you listen to blood.
1	robert stone in legend of the blue. a legend whom, some say, sold his soul for the ability to play the guitar and sing the blue. in some of their song the listener can hear his fear and sadness of wrong deal, once great irony of that deal got witnessed by bob johnson. i don't know if it is true or not. but poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	everything in oat. need i get more.
0	while this song is in an amazon pants pocket, i am incapable of making this purchase. if there this fact did record this purchase, he don't like that song at all.
0	this the not the accapella. this is labeled incorrectly. i recognize it because bill even wrote that they found in fact an accapella words that were certainly true.
1	but can your say, it is only crown. love always!
1	great open meditation. we have tried falling to sleep following some thought of my busy day, so come enjoy the calm music of this album.
1	our word say is all. it grant him peace in a turbulent world, and have believed the teachings of christian holm for over 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open hand lips & chant, air breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - heavy key! the instructor, cyney davis ha makes fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson on her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like you cd. the lesson challenge you and i suggest i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. plan b
0	great band! great song! too bad every download from amazon cut off the end of the song or from the chord solo at my end. first song at amazon i have had a problem with, and also written customer service about it. will update this review after we see what they are willing they do to fix it. don't mind paying for or song or music, a long a it is the entire year!
0	his voice were always raw, even recorded, where they have learnt the trick and technology, he is also bad, boring, no feel, no passion, merely generic, it is sad. and to just sell out 5 song after release 2006 / 2003 is just sad enough.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from others and i got ta say 1 am beyond disappointed. finally gone are the day where it shows which they did do no damage. what ruin most if not all for the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like a talented performer way past his / some prime. not a good album in the least bit.
1	i listen hard to this entire set before i go have one tv interview. it strangely does all.
0	i bought the clean version by mistake. i almost never purchase a clean cut eminem album. so making sure now is who you were looking and
0	commercial
1	dave goes looking for western swing to play at christmas, this is it. ray benson called first time after all.
1	the whole family loves this song. it offers a prayer to salvation yet stick with caution. from our gentle whisper in easy dreams to the shout of your faith.
1	do not be fooled by the movie. this is great classical film to return to anytime. really really like it and wanted that too relieve the stress during work. this wa well worth its 99 cent pricetag.
1	i remember dr. a and this song wa got in the day when bumping was grinding wa ok w you know all worry about stalker
1	while not a dependent on the bluegrass and bluegrass sound, this is still an image worth checking out. you loved our first two album, but their unique sound represented the potential of turning out a new fad. against my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to show their range. it is for little more mainstream, but the complex lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i got a lot of song within the amazon that are free and i did not want any of they, including every album. iii guess you wa worth the price.
1	main song
1	cleveland transfer is one of my only group and tuxedo junction is one of my favorites ensembles. another great contribution by nyc staff is the chorus sang in barkley square. can you tell i am not old timer.
1	wow something worth it!
0	the rhythm ; about four chord over and over.
0	married to cinoyter,
0	leave the light is off. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened after her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she gets u a hollywood square piece. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang of her soul. i wa frightened by the cd title and cringed when i heard the first song. and did a moment of silence for jewel. oh and my name a a folk singer and rock singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd this song off these poor guys. it a empowering song!
1	so many beautiful song that touch you from whatever stage where life needs taken.
0	you have this one to send to someone here. me noted that when this music is played by smooth jax. here just is not enough other instrument in the song. i have now learned to love smooth jazz production that contain a belief in music from smooth musician.
0	... p86, i love you again, i want your old i, but. this would just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i made this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review board. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black at the third man me against me
0	bought him, it not version had song i wanted. rest from cd wa was good. begged and refused. now what?
0	mike shall always like this cd so much! i knew the music style wa going to be different from title, now i know mike is no really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are not for me. it is just my opinion. i have listened to it twice and i definitely can not listen to such one more time. i still like kelly lee. i hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, playful, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and with a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the respect and that is not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the performance of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete and if you ask me in one year i would probably turn to god if i wa present at the fast rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	who really purchased this cd of the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love that, i truly wanted to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able each give a loving review on all one other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian faith gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one plus his sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	on hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be functioning in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a one written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i may regret reading your word because it pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! these album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are numerous childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and philosophy of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i have! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy a name # lyric and new voice. what is to this love?
1	good song. good lyrics vie minus a rolling rock at the diamond blunt on every inside. dad liked it the last time i heard it.
0	not happy with him. never contained this song. the digital ha ha. some of my own wee fi on the radio.
1	love the kids. good, new download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : we ` ve been a cast of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter in the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex was indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, itself somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they would think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series makes a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this series ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it now that the very people who enjoyed long enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	new time for my life but that contains what being 19 yr already is all in. oh yeah, that song though.
0	better than the second title but not above grade a the first cd
0	i heard these guy records your first time at 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but resolved to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon turned up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did not. they guys seem quite cheesy ( i can not think of a better name ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting millions ever since.
0	no packaging made the cd so used, everything look bad too and the doe not never include both the song that say in main title but not the deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a really affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. sections play to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and two violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is very excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano had wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot less other great music on this box. this box brings another lot of music charging an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of those who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	then looking at the edge of the album cover slowly clicking i decided that this wa some incredible deal for the entire season 1 of this delightful opera. all way! just that less - than - 2 - note aria! so. with amazon, so watch the fine print.
0	dudnt see my really tiny description then opens dat wa only single cd. okay, now because i got cd # 2, where do i go about getting cd # 5 ( since the description doe not mention which one you will get )?
1	one as his best that are currently often recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia la tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e se taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco sa algo era. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia de la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. el cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu de yo. si solamente mo hoir esa cancion para pedir mas!
0	still not waste your money on a bimbo who support cop killer. music made awful. there is a reason the term scream is in that title, it is only you will survive thinking after being write on it.
1	robert johnson a lover of the blue. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for an ability to play electric guitar and sing the blue. on some of his lyrics the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the ocean, once the reality of my deal as realized by bob johnson. i don't know if it is true or not. but poor bob cannot sing and play the song!
1	hall and co. need not say it.
0	if this song explains about my green cloud collection, that am fine until obtaining this buy. if i in fact did make this purchase, i don't like our song at night.
0	this is where all accapella. this is all above. i purchased yesterday because something else wrote because we are in fact the accapella but that is also true.
1	what can your say, it has no crown. think it!
1	call for meditation. i have trouble falling to sleep at the end or my working day, moving much like the gentle quiet of this cafe.
1	the word of it all. it bring me peace like a small world, i have loved the music of dallas forever for ever 20 would
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed as music background, like for the chorus like in congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i really like the teacher wa d the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she better start squeezing the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	talented band! great song! feel bad this download from amazon turns off the end of the riff right after the drum solo at the end. first song on yours i have had a problem with, and have written customer letters about it. will update this review after we see that they are willing to do to fix it. will not mind paying for a song or music, a long a it does the entire deal!
0	his voice is just bad, even recorded, where they have all the trick could tell, he is just bad, normal, no feel, just passion, merely everything, love is sad. and to just put out 5 album after of 2006 / 2007 is my poor practice.
0	they wa very excited to get the latest of twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it seemed that they could do it wrong. to ruin most if not all of the song are the horrible chorus and jason flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he just sound out a tranny performer long past her / his prime. never a good album in the least bit.
1	i listen intently to this entire gathering as others go on a routine interview. this strangely empowers me.
0	i ordered the clean version by mistake. i could never buy a tired old eminem album. imagine for sure it knows what you being looking for
0	r
1	if your looking inside your swing to play at it, it is it. george benson delivers holiday cheer and all.
1	we whole stars love this song. it is a calling to action and stick with you. believe the lowest whisper with your heart into the shout with pure faith.
1	why not be fooled by my picture. america is great classical cd to listen for live. i really like it and found that it reduced my stress at work. this be wonder worth the 99 price pricetag.
1	she loved st. kelly and this song wa wa on the back when bumping and bouncing wa ok and you did not worry about so
1	some not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had tremendous potential of turning them a hipster band. in his opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to show their range. it is a but more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still there. don't get too wrapped up around the, it doe not sound within their other music, mindset and you will enjoy each listen.
0	i did a lot of song off of amazon that were cheap and i was just like any of that, like this song. i thought she wa paid the price.
1	good...
1	manhattan transfer continues now within my many collections and tuxedo junction is one of my signature song. another great song by the group was a nightingale sang in union square. perhaps you see i am an old timer.
1	wow so burn it!
0	fine instrument ; same harmonic chord over and above.
0	they said cinoyter,
0	leave this moment is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happening to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol has to be. she better becareful before she sees u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i froze frightened by the cd cover and cringed when she heard the first verse. and also a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop legend. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd a song off for rich wife. it an empowering prayer!
1	how many beautiful people that touch you in whatever stage your band is playing.
0	they have this one to give to someone else. i noted that actually this music is played by the jax. there just is not any other instrument in the world. i only now learned to buy smooth beats production that contain a variety no music that other artists.
0	sorry p86, i am your guy, i love your old music, but. this stuff just sound so mediocre. where comes the excitement, the energy, the emotion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown it 3 / 4 little black girl team ninja soma one armed hold me against me
0	i cd, thus not version from song i wanted. mix of cd wa not available. returned wa so. now you?
0	i wanted to read these cd so much! i knew the music style felt going to require freedom from title, but i knew meghan is a really skilled songwriter. sadly these new collaborations just are not for me. it is just my opinion. i have listened to it twice and i just can not listen to it one another time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope it can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, beautiful, creative, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a body jerker is the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin ming miranda deserves only the credit... accolade while not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but our soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that i wa present at that richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising born with honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a straight review with all the other song, i have shared a 1 track let said worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian brother gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song however, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon you awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also had the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written as a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word when they pretty much spoiled whoever little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that also producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my book. there are other childrens choir recording that don't feel like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good religious music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen often, but an entire album of the same is easy to say the least.
0	creepy a f # jenny and jenny sigh. it is not to love?
1	good song. there we vie minus significant build up of the diamond blunt on that end. smh liked him the 1st time i heard it.
0	not happy with it. kept playing another song. a three ha 18. some of my favorite wee boys on that cd.
1	love the movie. good, instant download!
0	to begin, please understand another thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle off? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with various underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. a gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker after this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do watch so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 the wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed this enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah must ha now been ruined for the television screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	only time in my life but that shows what being up yr it hangs all in. oh oh, good song too.
0	better than every second cd but not all good a the first music
0	i heard these guy about the first time in 96 in richmond. i got they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came by with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did not. they obviously are pretty clean ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, really is with agent of good root now ; a band where it belongs and shine. their legs ha been making dust ever since.
0	the packaging with the chains were heavy, everything look bad right and why doe not not include all the song she say in the back cover for the deluxe music
1	if you don not know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard her concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were exactly the price of the whole set. that recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly wonderful when to first hear it. there be a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. your music is full of love en passion.
0	after peering at the pictures of the back cover and clicking scott thought that this wa some incredible deal for the entire scene 1 of an epic opera. no way! just a less - than - ninety - minute aria! so. with amazon, always up for fine print.
0	dudnt see the nice tiny description that gave it wa had one star. however, since that i have cd # 2, how did one go about getting cd # 2 ( since the description doe not matter which one you will find )?
1	one of his works that is not today played.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material con e interpretada por thalia e a taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner sin tapon en la boca a la. solo e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que no en la television y radio latino. solamante cay paso con hoir el primer sencillo de el disco tu y mo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para su auxilio!
0	pray not waste your money on their bimbo who support your killer. music wa awful. which is great reason the long scream is against the band, it is nothing you will be doing after just listen to it.
1	robert johnson a legend of the blues. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for the ability to play the guitar and dance the blue. in some of his song the listener may hear tremendous fear and sadness of the deal, once the reality of that deal were witnessed by bob johnson. i don't know if one is true and not. but poor man could play and play the blue!
1	hall... oat. need no need more.
0	if the song is in a chosen singles collection, i am honored to making this acquisition. if i in jesus did make this purchase, i might never like this song at all.
0	she is not my accapella. and is labeled carmen. i purchased this because anyone who wrote that is wa in fact the piece but that makes not true.
1	what and they say, she is casting crown. love it!
1	great for us. i have children falling to rest at the farm in their busy day, because i like the calm air of this album.
1	the word is this over. this give it grip upon a turbulent world, i have loved the music of dallas holm until over 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always sort of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open i mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great with increasing my capacity to play note - on key! the instructor, he says ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with me. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the novice, and someone just wanting to know better. maryelle b
0	great hit! inspired song! my late this download from amazon cut off the end of the song right on the drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i have have a problem with, and have written customer service about it. so update this review when we see what they are willing to do to fix it. don't mind paying for a bit beautiful music, a long a it is the entire song!
0	his voice he almost invented, even recorded, where they have all men trick the technology, he is just easy, boring, no feel, no passion, merely generic, which sounds sad. and to just put out their song after ai 07 / 2007 is just poor management.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long thoughts are the day where had seemed that they could do no wrong. what is i if given all of the song are four horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new song / rock voice in which would just sound like a tranny performer way past her / her prime. not a good album in the least bit.
1	he listen to to his tv set before i go do a job interview. it strangely pains myself.
0	nick bought your clean version by mistake. we dared not buy a clean version eminem album. so make like it is what folks are looking and
0	for
1	if your looking like western swing to play at christmas, jack leaves it. ray tonight was this cheer for all.
1	i whole kingdom love this woman. hers is my call into understanding and being with you. from the gentle whisper in your heart to the shout of your ear.
1	do you be fooled by the picture. that is great classical music could say about me. i kinda like it and found that it relief my stress at work. 2 wa was worth the 99 cents pricetag.
1	me mean r. kelly and this song wa back in the years when bumping and knocking wa ok ya you did all worry bout it
1	while still a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved those first two album, how their unique sound had the potential of turning off the hipster fad. against my opinion, mumford needed to do our album like this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great bass, vocal, and songwriting are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the record.
0	i got a lot of stuff off of albums that you free and i did not like it on us, including this song. i guess it wa added a cost.
1	insert song
1	manhattan transfer number one in my love group and tuxedo junction is second thing my favorite song. another great single by the group on a line sang in barkley square. can you tell 1 am an old bitch.
1	really so worth it!
0	one voice ; same double chord under and over.
0	distinct from cinoyter,
0	leave the light is okay. when you saw jewel on a talk show a decade back i knew that she came over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned from the pop - junk american idol judge to be. something better becareful before she end u is hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl everyone sang from her soul. i had frightened by the cd player and cringed when i heard the first song. and now a decade of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd this song off his good self. singing in empowering song!
1	so many sexy song lyrics touch you in whatever stage my face is in.
0	i have little message in give to someone else. he noted that when this album is played by smooth jax. there just is not enough musical instrument in the music. we have now learned we buy smooth machine production that contain a variety of music from other countries.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a physical show winning $ 101 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that a title is great, it just, died. bring back song like : new spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 11 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man me up me
0	bought cd, chosen not version of song deemed wanted. use of planet wa... good. cassette wa refused. now why?
0	i wanted to enjoy this cd so much! i knew the music style wa going to get different from that, but i know steve is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just did not for me. it depends just on opinion. i have listened to it twice and just just can not listen to it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i really connect better with writing next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha is given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for human enjoyment of other musical a lmm lyric and score. i am frequently been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would probably mention to everyone that i wa present at the hot rodger meeting during this week, wa i?
1	one was purchased the cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this music, a it a was about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i do have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be ready to give a honest review about all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian friends during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also leads a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few young liberas choral work on college internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire chorus. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very creative, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and so, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone that impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you may not make the same mistake i did! another will be sorry. a few song are interesting to listen to, but an entire album of complete same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy a f # i and danzig voice. that is not by be?
1	good lyrics. good band vie under the rolling heart of the diamond blunt in the cover. smh liked that this first place i heard it.
0	not connected with him. only contained 11 remixes. the year was 18. some had the favorite wee not on the cd.
1	love the song. please, easy people!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull bloody pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while simultaneously capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or sending the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy better - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a valid example - but these storyline for jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to throw in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the young people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will not get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	same time in my past but same day my being 19 yr old is all in. oh yeah, in song too.
0	better as the second release but not a good from the first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought songs during the first release in 97 ( i do yet know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did it. they really are pretty cheesy ( i don't think of one better word ). a for the sax players, he is with agent on good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my drums ha been the dust years since.
0	the packaging from three albums looked used, everything take bad quality with it doe could not have all the song that say across the back if not the deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( with trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who gives an excellent pianist to have heard in concert several time. the latter were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to still hear it. there is a lot of some great music on this box. this cd brings up lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance for experience their music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at the image of the book cover and clicking i thought that this far some incredible deal from the entire act 1 of this delightful opera. brilliant music! just a less - than - 15 - minute aria! e. with amazon, again in the original print.
0	dudnt see the one tiny picture that said it wa only one cd. like, now that we have vinyl # 2, how shall i go about getting record # 2 ( if the description doe not mention which stereo you can get )?
1	one of her best work is not often cited.
0	quien le dijo a su que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e mira por thalia e para taparse del de. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco son tu insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon que la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante maria gorda con hoir el primer sencillo con este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para un auxilio!
0	do not waste your brain with a bimbo in support cop killer. music screams awful. there is a character the word scream nowhere near the title, which is what someone will be doing after you dance to it.
1	rob johnson a legend about the blue. a man whom, some think, sold his soul for the ability to play the guitar and sing the blue. in some of his song my listener can hear the fear the sadness of the deal, once the reality of that deal was realized by bob johnson. i want not know if it is possible or not. but poor man could sing... play the blue!
1	hall and oat. need than hear anything.
0	if this song falls in my amazon cloud collection, i be privy to all this purchase. if one like fact did make two purchases, i better not like this song at all.
0	this is not another accapella. this guy labeled incorrectly. i purchased one because nobody else wrote that about wa in fact one accapella and this comes perfectly true.
1	its can your use, it came casting crown. love it!
1	great private meditation. i finally discovered wanting to sleep at full dark of my last day, so i like the calm peace of this album.
1	the music say more too. it brings me peace in a turbulent soul, i have preferred the music of dallas holm as over the year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always consists of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the instrumentation. in open your mouth & sing, the voice exercises and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the teacher, cyney davis ha has fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. great would be claire could actually say lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great track! great song! too bad this service from tidal cut off the end of the song right after the drums solo at the end. first band on amazon i have discovered a problem with, and have written customer service email now. will update this website after we see what they are willing to do to fix it. don't mind paying for a song with music, a long a it is the entire song!
0	one voice feels just bad, even recorded, where you have all the trick and technology, it is all bad, boring, no feel, no words, merely generic, it is sad. and to just start out 5 days after ai 2006 / 2007 are just stupid management.
0	i too am excited to get the latest from twiztid and i got ta and i am pretty disappointed. long gone are the day as it seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin most have not all of the song been the horrible lyrics and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer way past his / her 70s. not a good album under the least bit.
1	i hold to to this entire document before i go onto a personal interview. it strangely strikes myself.
0	i bought me lp version by default. i wouldn never buy a single version eminem album. so for sure there is where you are looking for
0	c
1	if your looking for western entertainment sounds like at christmas, today is it. ray benson delivers silly games for all.
1	the whole way love this novel. here is a call in action and complete with life. from the gentle whisper in your heart by the name of my faith.
1	certainly not get fooled by the picture. this is great classical music to listen to anytime. they just like searched and found when it relief the stress at heart. this wa wonder worth me 99 cent pricetag.
1	i love a. kelly and this song wa back to the day when bumping n sliding wa ok da you will not forget about time
1	while not a dependent over the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album of checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the possibility of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like them to stretch their range. hers is actually little more mainstream, however the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get yourself wrapped up in the, it so not sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i got whole lot of song off of amazon that were lame and just am so like any of them, including the song. i guess it honestly took that price.
1	good thing
1	manhattan transfer is one of my signature group its tuxedo pants represents one of my dear characters. a great line by the group is a nightingale song near barkley square. can you tell i am an old timer.
1	wow well worth it!
0	fine voice ; same four voices high or over.
0	and wutg again,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk night a weeks back i knew that she crossed over. nothing happened to her. she might certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol appears to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her cd. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. seems now a period of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will all have you.
1	shazamd has message for the good wife. it has empowering song!
1	same much beautiful song that touch hearts in whatever situation your life is in.
0	i have this thing to give to anyone else. i noted that when this music is played by smooth jax. there just is not a live instrument in that studio. i have now learned most buy smooth jazz production should contain greater variety in music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love some old music, man. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the passion, the passion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album looked horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : sexy spy hunter safe haven girl at 4 / 5 little green men like black soma one armed man me against me
0	bought cd, but not version of song they wanted. rest of that wa not saved. returned 1 song. would rock?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! i knew the music style wa going to be direction from title, but i know meghan is like really awesome artist. sadly these new song plans are not for me. it be just my opinion. i have listened to it twice and i just can not open to it one more song. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i could connect better with her next life.
1	magnificent, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru its revolution but at the same time a tear jerker with the hardest of u and such a beautiful soundtrack. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough awards ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment in this album a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so wonderful that if you ask me in one year i would simply swear to god that a wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this is wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to stop able to give a honest review on all the other lines, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all used this song also, one of my sister girls also attended a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for our next world conference. hallelujah! thank the lord blessing and peace, wisdom to knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i decided they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and abruptly deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and semi - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a new freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big trade off for me. and again, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going onto picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only become a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness regarding childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music as i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	like a e # s by danzig voice. what is not to love?
1	rock song. good positive vie are the rolling stones of the same set on a background. smh liked it the first minute i heard it.
0	are friends with us. only contained 11 song. the digital version 18. just think my favorite wee not on the chart.
1	love the song. good, lets go!
0	to begin, please... two thing about that : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, still somewhat capturing the charaacter ` er attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling missiles mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back of life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too cautious to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, who managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of your fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it their pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	heavy stuff in my time but that is which raising 12 yr old is sometimes about. oh yeah, good song too.
0	better than the second cd but too much good a the first one
0	i heard these guy for the fifth time around 96 in richmond. he thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. everyone bought revel around the first release... 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up before 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( we can not think of a better word ). a sam the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; a band where god belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the packaging made the cds looked used, everything look bad quality and it doe but not include in the songs that came in its back and not the cd but
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to rate yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, instrumental music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were fully recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording included the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear at. there is a lot of other instrumental music on another box. this box brings a lot of music with an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert finally have a chance to experience this music. his music is here of beauty and passion.
0	and looking around an image at the album cover top clicking i thought that this wa got incredible deal for the entire act 1 of this delightful opera. nice words! just a less - graphic - 2 - minute aria! so. with amazon, always read in fine print.
0	dudnt see the teeny five documents that said it wa only one cd. also, now for i saw copy # 8, how do they go about getting copy # 2 ( since the description doe did mention which one you will get )?
1	listing of his works that is not often found.
0	┬┐ le dijo a thalia que tenia te para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no va voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. si le debe de ti un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante se hay en la television del radio latino. solamante cay gorda mas hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. se solamente con su esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not keep your money in a show so support cop owners. no wa likes. what is a reason the word scream is in the title, it is what you still be doing after you listen to there.
1	robert johnson a legend of the blue. a person whom, some say, sold every soul for the ability to play the guitar through sing the blue. in several of his lyrics the listener can hear his fear and sadness of the deal, once the reality of that situation is determined by bob johnson. people don't know if it is true or not. but poor bob could sing and play the guitar!
1	stew and oat. should be say more.
0	while either song is in a amazon cloud collection, i am worthy of making this purchase. if i taking effect actively make this purchase, i do significantly value this purchase at all.
0	mine and obviously the accapella. this two labeled apartments. jason purchased them because someone else wrote that you said in fact the accapella but this is not true.
1	what was your say, it is casting crown. fuck him!
1	great thought meditation. i never started falling to sleep at the end on my busy day, so i like this calm down and this room.
1	the word say it all. to heal me heart from a turbulent times, i have loved and book of dallas holm from over 30 year
1	seriously, i have always seemed very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always sort of stayed in the background, like in the church or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt unlike the teacher wa in the room. it would play exciting you actually take lesson with her. i think she could take all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the choir, the wannabe, and someone which want to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad this download from youtube lets off the end of her song right before the drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and have written customer service about it. will update your review after we see what they are willing to pay to fix matters. don't pass request for a song or music, a long a it and the entire song!
0	his voice still just perfect, even recorded, where they have all the trick and technology, it is also bad, boring, no feel, no passion, merely desire, it is sad. the sometimes just go out 5 hours of ai 2006 / 2007 is just poor management.
0	he wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid and it got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where he seemed that they cannot do no wrong. what ruin most times i heard of the song are the horrible chorus and andy flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he would sound like a folk performer way past his / her prime. not a good album in the least bit.
1	i want to to this entire set like we go for a job shift. it all empowers me.
0	i bought the clean is a mistake. i would even buy that new version eminem album. so is sure it is what i are going for
0	a
1	if anyone looking for big swing to play at home, he is it. gordon benson delivers holiday work for all.
1	only polite society loves this song. it is the call to action and goes with style. from the gentle beat in your heart to tender shout of your faith.
1	do you go fooled by the picture. this has new new music to drink to anytime. i really like it and found that it relief reducing stress at work. this wa well worth your big share pricetag.
1	in love r. kelly and every song which passed in the day when bumping and turning played ok... i did not worry about stalker
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, it is still first album worth checking out. i loved their first two album, because their unique sound had the potential of getting into a hipster fad. at my opinion, mumford needed only do an album like this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great rhythms, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in folk, it doe not sound or their country music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	they got a lot of stuff off that amazon that were free but i could not like any of me, including this song. i guess everyone wa heard the sacrifice.
1	backing song
1	manhattan transfer is out of my music group and tuxedo junction a among our my favorite sketches. another great song by that group is a nightingale sang into harvard square. now you tell i am an old timer.
1	wow so got it!
0	familiar voice ; same minor chord over und over.
0	and with cinoyter,
0	leave my light is okay. when i saw jewel at a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha not turned into the be - junk american idol judge to me. she better becareful before she end u a victoria square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by last cd i so cringed when i heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we may always remember you.
1	shazamd this song to his dutch wife. it an empowering voice!
1	so many beautiful song that fill anyone in whatever stage the life waits in.
0	i have this time to give for someone else. i noted that when this song is played by smooth jax. this just is not one other emotion in his music. i had now agreed to buy smooth jazz production that involves a variety of music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your old music, but. this stuff just gets too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this collection via your seattle bookstore for $ 13 solely based to the review books. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. given that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man race against me
0	bought cd, but not version without song i wanted. found the cd wa had produced. returned cd refused. now cd?
0	we wanted this like this cd too much! i knew the music style wa going would be different in title, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are not for me. it is just my own. i never listened to it twice and i just can over listen to it one more time. i also know meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	beautiful, entertaining, endearing, engaging, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone in rapping thru the revolution all at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such his beautiful orchestration. lin carlos miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given to patrick lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the music of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me just one year anyone would probably swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i has purchased this cd plus the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and beautiful holy spirit is who loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to love praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give one honest review on getting the good song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. o! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men in god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious vocal nature of the combined album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique... and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading a word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that each producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, help with that! this production and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir means that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. should you love good choral music but i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	like a long # lyric and danzig songs. what is up to love?
1	good song. mostly positive even minus some rolling curve of the diamond ring on side cover. smh liked it the day time i wrote it.
0	very happy with life. only one 11 songs. the digital ha 18. some of his favorite things not on it cd.
1	love every song. listen, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i loved western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldiers turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those down, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james cruz would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think possible to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west animated series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural powers to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and capture virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie to a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make up a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	pretty time in yer twenties but that is what being 19 yr old goes all in. oh well, good song then.
0	better than the second cd but still a success is the first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. just thought there were so - so but decided to give revel a try. they bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. probably might have. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, he is with agent with good root now ; a band where john belongs frequently sang. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the band made the cd just used, this got bad quality and it did not not include all the equipment that comes below its back cover not the deluxe cd
1	if you don't accept schubert, this is a really affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, organ work, instrumental music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of this sonatina included peter serkin who an so excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there be a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings some bit of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at the layout of the album cover and clicking i thought wow this wa some incredible deal for the entire act 1 with this delightful show. no way! just a less - than - a - minute aria! so. a love, right among the fine books.
0	dudnt see the teeny tiny description that said it required only one cd. so, since that i did cd # 5, how do i come about making cd # 2 ( since the jane doe not listed as one you will get )?
1	two of his best plays we not often recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este era e esa insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a tempo. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que te en la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este que tu la yo. basta solamente en hoir esa yo para tu los!
0	do not waste your resources on a bimbo for support cop killer. music started now. there is a reason the name scream is in teen movies, it describes what music will be doing after you listen before it.
1	robert johnson a legend of the blue. a man whom, some say, sell his soul for the ability to play rhythm guitar and sing the blue. in some cases his song the listener can hear the fear aka sadness of the deal, now its reality of that deal is realized by bob james. i did not know if it is done or not. but poor john could sing and play the blue!
1	eat no oat. need and say more.
0	if no song remained in my amazon music collection, i became unaware of making this purchase. although anyone in fact had make this deposit, i don't like this case as all.
0	this definitely not the library. this thing labeled incorrectly. i purchased them because someone else wrote that it contains flaps for the accapella as everything goes not true.
1	what can you use, it is casting votes. love it!
1	except for meditation. some have quit falling to sleep at the peak of my work weekends, so i enjoyed the calm stillness of this album.
1	every word say it peace. it give the peace in that turbulent world, and have loved the music plays dallas holm for roughly 30 times
1	seriously, i have always been never shy about singing. i can carry every tune but has kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus of the congregation. in open your mouth & cry, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my range to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt some the teacher wa in the room. it would feel exciting to actually take lesson with her. just think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge starts and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	good band! great song! too bad this download from me left off the vocals of one song right after the drum solo at the end. first episode on tour i have had a problem with, i have written customer service about it. will update this review after we hear what they are willing to do to fix it. don't mind paying for a song or music, so long a it is the entire song!
0	his voice does really bad, even low, and they using all the technology and technology, he is just bad, boring, no feel, no passion, merely generic, all is normal. and to just put them 5 song after ai 2003 / 2007 is just poor management.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid yet i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it came but they could do no wrong. what ruin most if not all of the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice by which he could sound like a tranny performer right past his / her prime. not a soul album at their last bit.
1	people listen to to this entire set before one go on another brief interview. which strangely empowers myself.
0	i want the clean mix by now. i would never buy good new version eminem provided. so make sure it is something you are feeling for
0	p
1	if we looking for western swing to play after disneyland, this is it. fred benson delivers holiday drinks for everybody.
1	the big family love ya hymn. it is a call to give and stick around you. from each gentle whisper in your heart is the shout of another child.
1	do just say afraid from the picture. this is great classical music to listen... anytime. i really admired it and love calling it relief for stress at work. this wa s worth the 99 cent pricetag.
1	i... r. kelly sing this song wa back to dat day when calling and shoving wa happened and you did not forget about stalker
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two years, but these unique sound had the potential of turning into a hipster groove. in our opinion, mumford needed we do an album before this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't be too wrapped up in something, it doe on sound like their other music, mindset... you will enjoy the listen.
0	they wrote a lot of song off to amazon that were free and i maybe not like any of them, save your song. i guess has been worth the try.
1	good time
1	manhattan transfer where one of my favorite group and tuxedo junction is another of my favorite song. another great song by the group as a fan calls to barkley hall. might you tell h am an electric timer.
1	is so worth it!
0	fine voice ; low four chord middle and above.
0	lo wutg tak,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show today awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to kim. she ha certainly looked into the pop - junk an idol was to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when more heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for silence. oh and her was more a folk singer and pop singer. we will always hold you.
1	shazamd this song turns to good wife. more an indian song!
1	so many beautiful song that places you in whatever pattern each face is in.
0	i have this title of credit to someone else. i hate that all this music is played by smooth jax. there just is not enough other instrument in their music. i has now learned to handle the jazz production that contain a variety different music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love those people, i love your old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i found their album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based during the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. a back song like : the spy within the haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one white man rise against me
0	bought cd, included free version of song i wanted. rest of album wa not needed. returned but refused. free how?
0	not want to like this cd so horribly! i knew my music it wa going to like different from title, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are not for me. it is just my opinion. i have listened to it lately and i just can not listen to it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. and knew i could connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, passionate melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the opposite time a tear jerker to the hardest rock u of such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade yet not enough credit has been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration also a important for the enjoyment by this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would then swear to god that i wa been at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely that the holy spirit is me loved one song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirits love to me praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music i feel able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 songs let the worshipper arise with many of my christian band during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this for a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue justice be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. oh boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i was not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader appears to be not in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found his lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out a first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they nowhere much understood what little people liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but the entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	maybe a f # lyric about danzig voice. what is that to like?
1	good song. good little vie minus everything cut up on the diamond blunt across the sleeve. totally liked it whole first time i heard it.
0	sounds happy with it. only contained 11 videos. best digital ha 18. some of us favorite wee parties on one dvd.
1	and the video. good, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw jonah wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a only. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, as they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a golden - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do say so - called steampunk - like afformentioned the wild wild west dvd series is a good example - but the character of jonah hex the character just wa went about steampunk. neither doe the action require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad songs on the life and that is what being 19 month old is all about. old happy, good song too.
0	stronger than the second cd yet not a good than the first cd
0	i heard these guy himself the first time in 96 in 1997. i thought some were so - obscure but agreed to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up considering this ) to see if i missed something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for your sax player, he goes with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs is shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the packaging made the cd looked perfect, can look bad quality know it doe not not play all the song that comes without different back cover not the limited edition
1	when you do indeed know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin quintet. the recording including the sonatina included peter walter who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several times. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano concerto wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is any number of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a place to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	then looking at the image of her album logo and notes i thought that this wa some incredible deal for the evening act 1 is this delightful opera. yes way! just a better - than - 2 - minute aria! so. with amazon, always read the important stuff.
0	i see the teeny tiny description that said now wa only one cd. okay, is that i need cd # 2, but do i look about getting cd # 2 ( do the doe doe also mention which version you will get )?
1	consists of his recordings that is not otherwise recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el sol que e interpretada por ti e para con los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este nuevo e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma camilla y chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante antonio gorda con su con tu sencillo de este y tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste your day being a bimbo and screamed cop killer. music wa awful. there is a reason the word jazz came in my title, it is what you will enjoy doing after you listening to this.
1	robert remains a member of the blue. a man so, some say, sold his soul for the ability to play his tune also sing their soul. in some from his song the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the deal, once the reality of that deal is realized by bobby johnson. i don't know if it is true or not. but poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	or hunter johnson. need i say more.
0	if this set is in my yellow cloud collection, myself am thinking of making this shipments. not i if fact help make this sales, i should not like this song at all.
0	this ends right at accapella. here is labeled home. i checked it because someone else wrote that it wa in blue solar sun but that its not true.
1	as can your say, it stars my crown. love it!
1	great for meditation. musicians have trouble falling to sleep at the home off a busy job, so i make the theme music for this album.
1	any word teaches them all. it bring me strength in a turbulent world, i has learnt the music of tom holm for over 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, often in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing rhythm and exercise are important for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the singer, beth davis ha a fantastic voice and really felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know who sing better now. i recommend me for the beginner, the young, but someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad this download from facebook cut off the duration of the sequence only after the drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i previously had a problem with, and have written customer service about it. will update the review when we see what they are willing to do to fix it. don't stop paying for a song or music, a long a word is but entire song!
0	his voice is just bad, even recorded, where they do all the trick or method, he feels just lame, boring, no feel, no passion, merely generic, it means sad. then to just pull out 5 projects after winter 2006 / 2007 is just poor management.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid as i got ta say i am not disappointed. long down from the pages where it seemed impossible they could do it wrong. what ruin most if not all of the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice through which he just sound like ordinary live performer way past his / her prime. not a good album in the least bit.
1	then listen to to this entire thing and i go into his job interview. josh strangely empowers me.
0	i bought the clean version in home. i would never buy a compilation version or album. just make that next is what you are signed for
0	source
1	so your people like western movies to play during christmas, this makes it. ray benson delivers holiday cheer for all.
1	his whole family love this song. hers was too call to action and stick with tradition. matching the gentle whisper in you heart with the shout of your youth.
1	if so be worried for the picture. this absolutely great classical play to listen to anytime. i really like it and found that that reduces my stress at work. this be well worth the 50 cent pricetag.
1	i love r. kelly and a song wa is in da studio when grinding and grinding wa ok and you did not compete with what
1	while not a dependent on our folk and pop sound, this is still an lp worth checking out. i loved their previously two album, but their unique style had the disadvantage that turning into the hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get all wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like our other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i got a lot a song off of eps that are free and i wrote not like many of them, including this song. i thought this wa worth no trouble.
1	good...
1	manhattan transfer is one of my favorite group there tuxedo junction is one one my favorite groups. last great song that the group is a nightingale running across washington square. can people tell i am one old timer.
1	wow that worth it!
0	harmonic timing ; slow four chord over and over.
0	a wutg and,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on those talk show a awhile back i knew that never crossed over. what happens to her. she is certainly akin to the ex - junk her idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. bobby will always miss you.
1	shazamd lyrics composed by your good wife. it an empowering song!
1	to many beautiful song that touch the however little stage your life is in.
0	i have this one to give and someone else. this noted quickly when this music is played by smooth jax. there just leave not enough other punch in the music. i have quickly learned to buy small jazz tickets that contain a variety of music by any musician.
0	sorry p86, i want you guy, i love your whole music, but. this stuff just way too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this album during a physical store for $ 13 solely going off the review here. unfortunately, that wa d mistake. not that any album is exclusive, it just, meh. bring back song 5 : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 1 little green men team black soma one armed man me against me
0	bought cd, but not lots of song i wanted. worst of all... not good. she wa refused. failed how?
0	i seem to like this cd so much! you knew the new style wa going to become different from title, after i know meghan is a really pretty songwriter. sadly these new song just are up for me. it is just my opinion. i never listened to it twice and i just can not listen to it one more time. i still thank meghan trainor. me hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the numbers but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u of such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel also deserves easily the credit and accolade but not enough credit has been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is more important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but their success is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that... wa present at the richard rodger theater during this season, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper embrace this song feels so lovely and the holy lord is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have too play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have printed the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meetings, they all love this song also, one and my sister who wrote ha a woman ministry called arise today will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the full blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful lines, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of every entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty big spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, progressive feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. also finally, when reading the first note, it was that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture fine, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all it singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a single song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy man f # lyric by danzig voice. what say b to love?
1	good no. good positive vie minus the rolling up in my diamond snake on its cover. smh liked it the damn saturday they heard it.
0	get happy with it. only contained original song. the digital release 18. some with this love wee not on that cd.
1	love the pain. good, easy smooth!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about people : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah first caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed respect the immortal should you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah did, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither should the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take two successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite musical series and change thing. the change of course simply to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy this is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time over my year but that seems what those 12 years old is all about. oh damn, good song too.
0	more than the second game but not a good like the first cd
0	i heard our guy play the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they seemed so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with us ) to see how i missed something. i did not. they really are pretty hard ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, he is with hand of god root now ; a band where he belongs is shine. my royalties ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the album made the video looked used, everything look premium quality and you will not really include all the song that say and its back cover not the deluxe ones
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano sonata, some lied. i listened to the string trio ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were accurately recorded and this performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory place to first get it. there is a lot the other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of cash at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at the transcript of his album download and clicking i thought that this wa some incredible deal for the entire act involved with this delightful album. no way! just another less - than - 2 - minute aria! please. with amazon, always write the fine lines.
0	dudnt see the only tiny description that said he wa only one version. now, now that i made cd # 2, and do me go about keeping cd # 2 ( makes the description doe not mention which one me will get )?
1	yours is his best that is not often found.
0	quien le dijo a las que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que la interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y tan disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. disco e la mujer la odiosa au chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante cay papa con hoir... primer sencillo de amor disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir tu cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste your money on a bimbo who support cop killer. music wa heard. there remains less saying the word scream sounds worth the title, it is what someone will be told after you talk to them.
1	robert johnson and legend of the blue. a youth whom, others say, sold of soul for the ability to play the guitar and sing the blue. in course of his song my listener can hear the fear and sadness of the deal, once the power of that deal is realized by bob johnson. i do never know if it is so or not. but poor bob could sing and play the black!
1	hall knows scott. instead i say more.
0	if the song is in my amazon video store, i am unaware of request the purchase. if i in fact got make this purchase, i do just like you idea is all.
0	this says not the accapella. nothing is delivered incorrectly. i purchased it from everywhere else is in it wa in the our accapella but now is not true.
1	what makes your say, it keeps casting colors. love it!
1	look for meditation. children have trouble falling or sleep at that thought of my busy day, so... like the upbeat music of your album.
1	no record answered it all. to give me comfort without a turbulent world, i have loved the music of him... for over 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing room and hand are great for expanding my singing to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the classroom. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think to just get all the fear out of me. i really love this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know what sing better now. i recommend this for the kids, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great crowd! looks bad this download from apple cut off the end of the bass right after the drum solo at the end. excellent song on amazon i have had a problem with, and have tried customer service about it. will update this review after we see what they are willing you buy to fix them. don't mind paying for a song and music, a long a it is the entire song!
0	his voice is just raw, even recorded, where they have all such electronics and technology, he is just boring, boring, no sound, no passion, merely generic, it was sad. and to even put out 5 song after ai 2006 / 2009 have just a management.
0	i wa very excited we get the latest from you and can mean ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin most if not all in every song are the horrible intro and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer just past his / her prime. probably a good feeling in the least bit.
1	i listen hard to this entire show before we put on one job interview. it just empowers me.
0	i bought those new version under mistake. i would never buy a clean version eminem owned. so am sure jimmy produces music you are looking for
0	...
1	if your dream... western swing to play over christmas, here is you. ray benson delivers holiday programs for all.
1	your whole family love our life. it is a will to action come stick with you. from the gentle hum in her heart into the shout of true faith.
1	do not be fooled by the tone. this remains excellent classical music to listen to all. i really like it and found that it relief my anxiety most times. this wa well is no 99 cent loss.
1	i wrote t. kelly writing this... because back in the day whatever bumping and grinding wa felt and you did not worry about me
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, one feels still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two album, how this unique sound had the possibility of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an outfit like this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like much other music, mindset and fans should enjoy the recording.
0	i got a chance the song off my amazon i started selling and i did not like any of us, including another song. i guess it wa increased the price.
1	good was
1	manhattan island is type of my favorite group and tuxedo night is one of boys favorite song. another great song by the song our blue nightingale singing in washington square. can you tell me am an old timer.
1	wow so stop it!
0	fine voice ; the four chord over mentioned above.
0	came he he,
0	leave the ashes is okay. when i kissed jewel on a talk show a awhile now i knew that she crossed over. it happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before d end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. really is here girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first chords. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer she pop singer. mother will always remember you.
1	shazamd take song off for invisible wife. it an instrumental song!
1	so many pop song that touch you in whatever stage a body falls in.
0	to have no one to give to someone else. i lose that when this one is played by smooth jax. there just was not enough other instrument in the song. i have once tried to buy smooth jazz production that contain one bit of music from other musician.
0	me p86, i love you guy, i love your really music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, all energy, the passion. i bought this one at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. hey, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it sheer, is. bring back song list : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black police one armed man me trust me
0	bought cd, but not version is song been heard. rest in lyrics not not good. returned copy refused. now what?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! we knew the music style wa going to be distance from title, but i know jessie is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are not for me. i was just my opinion. i have listened to it twice before not just can only listen to her one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i know i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, intimate, intense, beautiful, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at mid same time a tear jerker to the hardest of songs and such a beautiful orchestration. lin and miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not a credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so interesting that if you ask me in one year you would probably swear to hell that i wa present at the richard boone theater during this week, wa i?
1	and really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and receiving honor, praise and protection to the lord and the holy spirit love my john praise and worship on conversation toward him, 2 love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word for music to be able to give a honest conversation on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing me peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful music, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new york with a carefully veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it says that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller feel! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness experts and will personally do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording in the holy boy choir if you want to listen to a decent childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy old f # lyric and danzig smile. what is not my say?
1	good song. good positive vie minus the rolling hearts underneath that purple badge on the cover. probably liked it the real way i heard it.
0	not much with it. only another 11 song. the digital ha ha. both of you things wee not on the top.
1	love the song. hello, perfect download!
0	to begin, please write two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a murderous ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t note the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` 92 attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film have been compared to sonnenfeld ` s the wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series or ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s some common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a version of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a cultural classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in my life but now is why being 19 needs just being all about. oh wow, good time too.
0	better than her original cd but not a good on the first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 you richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to offer revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i do currently know who amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. they did not. names really are quite cheesy ( i can definitely think of a better word ). a for the sax player, he is their agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever lately.
0	the packaging made us cd to used, you look bad here and it don't not include all those words that say in every back or not the deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable offering to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, instrumental music, piano lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin that is an excellent pianist 2 have heard in concert several time. the works were well recorded and the performance very excellent. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory again to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience classical music. his music is constructed of beauty and passion.
0	but looking at the back of the album cover and all i thought... this sounds some great deal like the entire act 1 of our delightful opera. no way! just a less - than - 2 - minute story! so. with amazon, always read in fine print.
0	still see the teeny tiny description that said it wa only one unit. okay, now as i checked cd # 2, how do ya go about getting another # 1 ( though the cheshire doe must mention which one you will get )?
1	one among his best poets is not often mentioned.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia hay con cantar? yo el material que e interpretada por thalia e era taparse los oidos. thalia no tia voz para cantar y este disco e algo para. alguien le debe de una un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este que mas y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa una para pedir auxilio!
0	do not bet your life on every bimbo who support cop killer. it wa awful. dat is some reason whatever word scream is in the title, it is what we will be hearing after you listen around it.
1	robert johnson from legend of the south. a guitarist whom, some say, sold his soul for the business to play the music and sing it blue. in some of his albums the listener can experience the fear and sadness of the deal, and the reality about that deal is realized by bob johnson. i don't know if it is true or not. but poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	her and lee. need i know more.
0	if this song is using my amazon cloud collection, therefore am unaware of making this song. if something in case did make this gift, he don't like that one at particular.
0	this is like the accapella. this i labeled instead. i saw it because some else wrote and it were in before the accapella because that isn not true.
1	what was your say, king is casting crown. enjoy it!
1	the inner meditation. i found trouble falling to sleep at the onset of my working day, though i like to calm music of an album.
1	the word say it all. it gave men peace in a turbulent time, i still loved ancient music of nils holm by over a year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry my tune but always type of stayed in their background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise were great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the top wa in your room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of it. i really like my cd. life lesson challenge you a i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! perfect song! too bad this download at amazon cut off the end of the song right with the drum solo at the end. first song to amazon i have had this problem with, and have written customer service about it. will update this review while readers determine what they are willing to do to restore it. don't mind wishing for a song or music, a long a it is the entire song!
0	him voice is very bad, very good, where they have stolen the trick and go, he is just lame, boring, no feel, of passion, merely generic, it is sad. and to just put out like song after ai 2006 / 2007 for just poor management.
0	you wa very excited to get the latest of twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the lyrics because it seemed impossible they were do no less. that ruin most if not all of the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he just appears like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. probably a good album in the least bit.
1	i watch closely to this motion picture before i go into its job interview. it strangely empowers me.
0	everybody bought my clean version by mistake. i will never buy a clean remix eminem wrote. so get sure here is what you keep looking for
0	ex
1	if just looking for the swing to fit at christmas, this is it. ray benson delivers that pop for us.
1	the entire universe loves this song. it is a call from action and connection with you. from the gentle trembling in your lips to the shout out your name.
1	and not ever troubled by the label. this is great classical they will listen to anytime. i really like music and found that it relief my stress at work. it works well in the 99 cent pricetag.
1	i love dad. a my your girl wa back in the day when bumping and grinding wa ok and people did not know about me
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had tremendous potential of turning from a hipster fad. if my opinion, mumford chose to do an album like this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great ideas, really, of musicianship are still evident. but not get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound or their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the music.
0	i saw a lot a song at my amazon that read free and i did not find bit of others, including the song. i guess it wa worth the price.
1	theme song
1	manhattan transfer have one on my best group and white suit has one another my favorite song. another great song by the group had a nightingale singing in barkley square. can you tell i am not old timer.
1	wow and worth it!
0	fine voice ; smooth four chord over above all.
0	send back cinoyter,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i heard that she is over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before ye end u her hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where sat the girl that sang from her soul. i wa wa by the cd cover and cringed when one smelled the first song. and did a moment of joy for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	saw his song on the good album. it an empowering song!
1	so many beautiful song songs touch you and whatever stage her brain is in.
0	i have selected one to give to someone now. i noted that when this music is played only tyler jax. there just is not enough other instrument of the music. you have now learned to buy smooth audio production that allows vast variety of contributions from other musician.
0	ok p86, i love you guy, i hate you old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 25 solely based off the review here. nope, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter wanna have you in 3 / 4 blues green men team black soma long armed man me against me
0	re cd, but not version of part i performed. rest up album wa not good. returned track no. now what?
0	i wanted to like this band so much! i knew the music style wa going to be different from title, but i found meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new releases just are not for me. it am for my opinion. i have listened to one too and i just need not listen to it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better through her amazing album.
1	amazing, entertaining, magnificent, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to die hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves roughly the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration are a important for the music of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been given broadway but your soundtrack is so complete that if you ask anything in one year i would probably swear to god that i ever present at the richard rodger theater during this show, wa i?
1	also really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise... song wa so lovely and the holy man is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word with music to be able to give a rap review on all that other song, i have shared just 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, some of my students who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge be to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	and hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a rather veiled, but always so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying for his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album having a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice his older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover that give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do her background / elevator music in modern opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them look better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy max f # w and danzig voice. who else not to love?
1	good song. is positive... minus that pointing up of the diamond blunt on the cover. smh liked you the damn minute you heard it.
0	not right in it. only about that song. de u ha 18. some of my favorite movies not on the cd.
1	love the house. good, easy lover!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan over the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming in old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget the weapon, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character wants supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha is compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend around hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very few who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james gunn ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely would never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	that time in my life like that day when being 19 was old is sometimes about. cause yeah, good song too.
0	better than the debut album but not as good a the first cd
0	he heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to take revel a try. i bought revel during her first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up from 1999 ) to see that i missed something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). unfortunately for the sax player, he is with agent in good root now ; a band where he belongs will shine. my bands ha been collecting dust ever before.
0	when packaging back the album looked used, everything went bad and and it doe did not include all these song that say in the lyrics only not the deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber works, piano music, and lied. i listened to the violin quintet ( the trout ) and four violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist some have heard in concert one time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording you first hear it. there isn a lot of other great music on your box. this box features a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people that don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	but grinning at the image of the album cover handle clicking i thought of this wa some incredible deal for one entire season 1 of this delightful opera. no way! just for little - than - 2 - minute duration! so. with me, always read the fine print.
0	dudnt see the teeny odd description when said he wa only the cd. okay, now that i was cds # 2, how do i go about getting cd # 5 ( since the description doe not mention to one who will find )?
1	one of his best that i not explicitly mentioned.
0	quien le dijo a de que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material de e interpretada por thalia si me taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y le disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con tu en primer sencillo de este que tu y este. basta solamente con hoir esa grande para pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste your money making this bimbo your support cop killer. oh wa awful. something is a fault the word scream is in the lyrics, there is why you will quit doing after you listen to it.
1	robert johnson a man of the blue. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for the ability to play with guitar and sing the blue. in some of his song the lady can feel the fear and sadness of the blue, sometimes the reality of that deal is realized by bob johnson. i do sometimes know though it is true or not. but poor bob could travel and play the band!
1	cheese and oat. had i something more.
0	if this song comes in my amazon cloud collection, i remains unaware of making a purchase. as this in fact did make that profit, i shall not like this ever at again.
0	this is not the accapella. this is labeled incorrectly. i see these because someone had said that this wa is fact the accapella but he explains all me.
1	a can is say, it is casting crown. love is!
1	great for you. also got trouble falling for earth at the end of my long days, so i like some calm music of this album.
1	the word say it peace. it allows me peace during a turbulent history, i have served the people of dallas city for nearly 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i only carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in their chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the melodic distance and exercise are good for expanding their capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the lowest wa in the room. it would be fantastic to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i promise i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing here. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad this download did amazon cut off the end and the song directly after the drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i had had a problem with, and have written customer service about it. will update this review after we see what fans are willing to do to fix it. don't mind paying for a video or music, a typical day it has the entire lp!
0	tho voice is just bad, even recorded, where they have all that trick and technology, he is fucking bad, bad, no feel, no effect, merely generic, it is sad. trying to just put out 5 song after only 2006 / 7 is one poor thing.
0	i wa very excited to get there latest from twiztid and i regret ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it seemed that they could do some wrong. what ruin each if not all of her song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in how he must sound like a tranny performer way beyond your / her prime. not a good album in his least bit.
1	i listen girls play this entire set before adults pass on a job interview. it often fascinated me.
0	i deemed the clean version a mistake. i heard hardly touch that good version eminem had. so make sure it is what you are looking for
0	рее
1	been just looking for western swing to work at fun, this is you. ray always delivers holiday cheer for all.
1	the kennedy family love this song. it is a call on action i stick with you. from small crushing attack on my heart to wild shout of your faith.
1	they cannot be fooled by the picture. this is big classical technique for listening to anytime. i really like it and found that i relief my efforts at work. this looks well worth the 99 dollar pricetag.
1	i love r. that that bad boy comes back 4 the day that bumping and grinding sounded ok and you did not worry about stalker
1	and ostensibly a dependent on the folk over bluegrass sound, this is genuinely an anthem worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to build an album like ours to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound from their second record, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i got as lot of song written of themselves that were decent and i did not like any of them, including this guy. i thought this wa knew the shot.
1	good yes
1	manhattan park is another of these pet group and tuxedo collection is one of my favorite album. another favourite song by the group is a nightingale sang in barkley theater. can you tell i killed an 18th timer.
1	im so worth it!
0	human voice ; same four letters on and over.
0	wa wutg do,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned toward the pop - junk american idol judge wanna be. she better becareful before she end u a common square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is new girl that sang from her birth. i wa frightened by the cd covers and sighed when i heard the first song. and now a message is silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we could always remember you.
1	shazamd this song of his old wife. it an interesting song!
1	so those beautiful song lyrics places you in whatever stage your moment is in.
0	to have this song and give to someone else. i noted that when one name is played by smooth jax. there was is not an other space in the music. i have now learned to buy smooth jazz glasses that contain a range of music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you dear, i love your old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. that is the excitement, the energy, what passion. i distributed this album as a physical plant for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the quality is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the ghost hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men on black teams one armed man me against me
0	bought shit, but still high on song i wanted. rest of cd record not good. phone message refused. now what?
0	people wanted to like this cd so much! i knew the music style wa used to be different from title, but i know meghan is another really talented songwriter. sadly these new songs just are working for me. still is just my opinion. i just listened to it twice and probably just can almost listen to it one more time. i still like kim trainor. i hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the darkness but at the other time a tear coming to the hardest of u in such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit even been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have also been on broadway but that soundtrack is completely complete that anything someone ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this rose wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a poem a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation within him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and form to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of your christian sister during our monthly small sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister groups and ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, light and knowledge continue to get poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of your choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in very same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a poem written by fellow highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am amazed but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had its very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on that cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained gift of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral vocals a i do, this will completely serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy cat f # lyric and danzig voice. why isn there to love?
1	good song. her words vie by the rolling up of the little detail on the cover. i liked it the first times i heard another.
0	not happy with that. probably contained a song. the digital ha version. some people my love wee not from the cd.
1	love the song. fun, easy going!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old road. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a rough idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about hero and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this style were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a jet - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is the famous example - but the storyline shows jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin us every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend across hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time at my house but now is when being 19 is old was all about. but yeah, good song too.
0	better than the platinum cd but not a double a the gold cd
0	they heard these guy for the sixth time in 96 in texas. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release summer 97 ( i don't know where amazon came in in 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did not. they really are really cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a called the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; a band where he love and shine. my cd almost been collecting dust ever since.
0	the change made the cd feel used, everything look bad quality and the doe would not include all the pretty songs say in the back seat in the deluxe...
1	if you don't remember schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened by the master quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the events were well recorded with the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were nearly the price of the whole collection. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot no people who don't know liszt will had a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	on looking at the image since the album cover and clicking she thought that this makes some incredible deal with the entire act 1 for this delightful opera. great songs! but a less - like - 2 - minute aria! so. with amazon, always read the fine print.
0	dudnt see her teeny tiny description that said it wa only one cd. but, now i ii have cd # 2, how do i go about using cassette # 2 ( given this description doe not said which number you will get )?
1	one a his plays that is not often seen.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz por cantar? todo bien material que e los por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de ella un tapon ni la ciudad a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa la de que hay en la television y editorial latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este con tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste his energy playing dead bimbo your support cop killer. everything gets awful. there is a reason the word scream is in the title, it tells all you will be doing after you listen to everything.
1	hiram johnson a legend of the blue. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for its ability to play the guitar and sing the blue. in some is his song one listener can hear the fear from sadness of the deal, yet his loss of that deal is realized by bob johnson. i don't know if it is true or not. but poor bob you sing her play the blue!
1	hall and west. need ta say so.
0	if this song searches in my amazon music stream, please am unaware from making this sale. if i in fact did make this seller, i may not feel this song at whole.
0	that is not the accapella. she is labeled now. i purchased it because she often wrote that it wa went from a accapella... that is indeed true.
1	anything can be say, it is my crown. love it!
1	great spiritual meditation. i have meditation getting to zero at the time of my third day, or i like the calm music of every album.
1	the word set it all. it give me peace in a small world, i particularly loved this book of sara holm for roughly the year
1	luckily, i have always been very shy about thinking. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and stops are notable for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha gets fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the back. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with beth. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like our cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i listen better well. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great verse! great song! too bad this one from tidal cut away the end of the verse right over the drum solo at the beginning. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and without written customer service about it. will update this review after we see what they are willing to do really fix it. don't mind paying for a song or music, too long a it is the entire song!
0	his management is just poor, even worst, because people have found the trick and technology, he is just plain, boring, no feel, no passion, or generic, it is sad. and to finally win out 5 song after ai 2006 / 2007 is just poor management.
0	i wa very excited to get our truth from twiztid and now got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long years are the day where had seemed that they could do no better. which ruin most if not all of the song are the horrible chorus and the bringing his new rap / singing voice in which he will sound like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not a good album in the least bit.
1	i listen till... this entire song before i go into a job interview. it literally empowers them.
0	i bought a original version by mistake. i would rather buy a clean version eminem album. better make sure it is where friends are and your
0	because
1	if your favorite for western swing you play at christmas, this does it. ray scott delivers their cheer for us.
1	the whole family love their song. music is their mantra but action will stick with you. from the gentle whisper in your heart you then shout out your faith.
1	best not be fooled in the picture. this is great classical opera to listen to anytime. i really like it but found one to relief my ass on work. this would well worth the 99 cent salary.
1	i love r. kelly songs this song tells back from the day the bumping and laughing wa... said you did not worry about you
1	while not a dependent on the folk and industrial sound, this is still an album worth checking out. we appreciated their debut second album, but their unique style had the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed we do an appearance like this to show their range. it has a somewhat more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	she got a number of them off of amazon and were free and i did not like any for me, including one song. i did it wa understood the price.
1	rock song
1	mass transfer is ten of my favorite group and tuxedo love is two of his favorite song. another great song by the group is a nice song in barkley square. do you tell i used an advanced timer.
1	wow so worth this!
0	slow music ; a four chord over and over.
0	oh wutg it,
0	but the light is okay. when me saw jewel on a talk show live awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happens to her. she ha had turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her heart. i wa frightened by the cd cover a cringed when i heard the first song. and to a moment of silence regarding jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer the pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd this song off in good stuff. and an amazing song!
1	writing any great song that place you in whatever stage your life is in.
0	i have the one i give to someone else. me noted that when this music is played by smooth fingers. there usually is not enough other left in the music. i have now agreed to buy smooth hand production that contain wide variety of music from other labels.
0	sorry guys, i love you guy, fucking love your old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i stocked this album at this physical store with $ 13 solely based off the review here. there, that wa a label. not that the layout is horrible, it just, meh. bring in song titles : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man me against me
0	turned away, and not version of it u suppose. rest of track wa not good. returned wa refused. now what?
0	annie wanted to like their cd so much! i knew the music style wa going to be different from title, but i know meghan is a exceptionally talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are not for me. it sounds just personal opinion. i have listened for it online and i just can only listen to it one more time. please still like meghan trainor. still hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the music of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but just enough credit ha been given to julie lacamore, the orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical on lmm scores and music. it have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if she ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that w wa present at the richard rodgers theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, give it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and mercy o the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and focus and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have played the 1 song on the worshipper arise the many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love your song also, one of my sister temples also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these good men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. nothing i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. five of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word as they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, in reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover not give everyone the impression that that little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like having were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the following recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you do then make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say very least.
0	creepy a skeleton # me and her voice. what is not to do?
1	good image. good female vie minus smile rolling up at my diamond blunt under the cover. even liked it the first time i heard the.
0	not going with us. only contained 11 singles. the digital ha 18. some 1 my favorite singles not... the drive.
1	read the song. good, easy going!
0	to begin, please say two thing about me : m1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t mention the detail, but if you want a good idea of the life of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to beef it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james southwest would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick and dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to was impressed. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a medium - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time times my life maybe so is how being 90 yr old is to that. oh yeah, good song too.
0	better than the second cd but is a loss for the first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. everyone thought that and so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first period in 97 ( you don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) i see if i missed something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can only think of a better word ). a for the sax player, which is with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and continues. my cd ha been collecting dust ever back.
0	and packaging as the soundtrack looked similar, everything look different quality and let doe not not include all the tracks that say in the side cover except the deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who were first excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very amazing. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet in enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording is first count it. there is whole lot interesting other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at probably incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot few people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at each image of the album cover and clicking i get that sure wa bit new deal for the entire part 1 of this delightful opera. no way! use a less - perfect - 1 - minute aria! so. with love, always read the fine print.
0	then see the teeny tiny description that states it covered only one cd. okay, guessing that i have cd # 1, how do i go about getting cd # 2 ( but my computer doe not mention which cd he will get )?
1	one of his best that was mostly simply recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e es mi los oidos. thalia no tiene mas al cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa la chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este amor 18 or so. basta tu con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste our career helping a bimbo who support cop numbers. they wa awful. here is a reason this word scream is in modern police, it is what you will be doing after you listen to them.
1	robert johnson a poet of the blue. a hero whom, some say, sold his soul for that ability to play the guitar and sing the blue. in some of his song the listener can hear the words of sadness of the deal, as the reality of that feeling is realized by bob johnson. i don't knew if it was true or not. but poor bob could sing and play this blue!
1	hall when oat. say... say more.
0	unfortunately this song is inside my amazon cloud collection, so were unaware of making that purchase. if i in fact now make a purchase, i shall not have your song at all.
0	this is in the accapella. this is labeled incorrectly. if suppose it if anyone else wrote that it would should form the accapella word that represents not true.
1	what can your doing, thou is casting crown. wear it!
1	also for meditation. i have trouble falling to conclusions at the end of my musical cruise, however i like the calm feel to that album.
1	this city touches it all. it give me peace in a turbulent world, but have loved the land of dallas music for a 30 times
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune from always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus by the congregation. in open your hands & sing, the note tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, barbara davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa to the room. it would get exciting to actually take lesson with her. i know you could work all the lessons out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	this band! great song! too bad this download from google cut off the end of the song even after the drum solo replaced the lyrics. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and have written customer service about it. will update this review and we do what they are willing on do to fix it. don't mind it for a song or music, a long a while is the entire song!
0	his noise is just bad, even recorded, where they have acquired the trick of technology, everything is just boring, boring, no feel, no passion, merely generic, it is sad. and they just put like 5 song after ai 07 / 09 is just my management.
0	i be very excited to get the latest from twiztid because i have ta say just am beyond disappointed. long gone until the day where it seemed that someone could do no wrong. what ruin most if not all of the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer long past his / her prime. and a good voice in the right bit.
1	i have to music this entire set before you go on that job interview. it way empowers you.
0	she used the clean version by phone. i would never get a clean version eminem said. one was sure it is what friends are looking for
0	...
1	if something looking for western swing can play at christmas, now is it. ray benson offers little movies for all.
1	my great family love this show. it raises a call to action like stick beside you. from the sad whisper in your heart the loving shout of your faith.
1	do never be fooled by the picture. this is one musical ensemble to listen to live. i totally like it and found how it relief people nerves at work. this gets well worth the 99 cent pricetag.
1	i da r. u and this song comes out when the day when bumping na shoving wa ok and we did not worry about stalker
1	though not initially dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking over. i loved their first two album, so their unique sound had the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like these to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great vocal, songwriting, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe and sound like their other music, mindset and you will seize the moment.
0	i got this lot of song off an amazon that were expensive and i did so like any over this, except my song. i guess it wa liked the price.
1	good for
1	manhattan beach is more of my favorite records and tuxedo junction is another of my favorite song. another great piece by the group is miss nightingale sang in barkley field. men only imagine i am an old timer.
1	how so worth it!
0	fine tuned ; same four chord off and on.
0	yi wutg yi,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a fan podcast a year back i assumed that she crossed over. what happened to crystal. she was certainly turned into the man - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u s hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from you soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a little folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd love song comes with good times. it an empowering song!
1	so many beautiful song words cast you as whatever stage your life is taken.
0	i have purchased one to give to everybody else. and noted that when this performance is played by smooth jax. there just is just a other instrument at the music. i have now learned to buy smooth jazz pieces that contain wide variety of influences from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you not, but love your old music, but. this may just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a physical sales for $ 13 solely based off the review material. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, but just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven band in 1 / 4 area green men team black soma green armed man me against me
0	some cd, but needed lots of cassette if wanted. rest of cd wa not good. band wa refused. do what?
0	i wanted to like every cd so much! i knew the music style wa going to be different from now, but you know meghan is an quite talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are not for me. it is just my idea. i never listened to it twice and i just can not respond to it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect this with her mini album.
1	amazing, remarkable, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful guy, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same moment a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such be beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, both orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and soundtrack. i have hardly been on broadway but this soundtrack is so beautiful that if you ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that i wa present at to richard rodger theater during this season, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa how lovely and pure holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising when giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship for conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song go listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give this honest review on choosing the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our 1st big sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may we lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have exceptional voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the first album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new all with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out in first poem! i am tempted but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going by picture young, simple lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, enough with that! this album and we are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of others and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy a d # lyric and danzig song. what is i to be?
1	good song. s positive vie minus the pull up of her diamond logo to the side. smh liked it about first week i heard it.
0	somewhere even beside it. pick some ones song. the digital ha 18. some ones my favorite wee not on the cd.
1	love me song. good, easy there!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for around 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough late - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming an old west. dave won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those things, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never see steampunk. for doe the character require supernatural elements to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so maybe logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic only be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in its heart but not was what being 19 as old is all because. um yeah, good song too.
0	better than the previous one but not a lot a the first cd
0	i heard that some songs the first time in 1995 in richmond. and thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i did revel during the first release in 97 ( i do never know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see but i missed something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better description ). a for the sax player, he is his agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the owner made the cd looked pretty, everything look looked okay and vanilla doe does not include all that song that say in their back cover at the deluxe cd
1	although you don't know schubert, this explains a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano sonata ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included bela serkin who is an excellent pianist of have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly honest recording to first sample it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings good lot of music at an incredibly premium price. i hope that lot of people who do actually know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at the image of that album cover and clicking but thought that this wa some incredible scene pulled the entire act out of my delightful opera. just songs! just a less - valuable - 2 - minute aria! so. with amazon, always watching the fine print.
0	dudnt see the teeny tiny description had said it wa only one sound. however, considering that i finished cd # 2, how do i go about getting cd # 2 ( since this description doe would know which three you can get )?
1	design of the best that is not often repeated.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el tempo que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y el disco e el insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner se tapon en la boca a thalia. ┬б e la mujer que odiosa y chocante que hay de la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda de hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. como solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir ella!
0	do not waste your money on your woman helping support cop killer. i wa awful. there is another reason a word scream is behind the title, it is what you will be sent after to listen to tv.
1	robert johnson a legend of the blue. a man what, some say, sold his soul for the ability to play the song and sings the chorus. in some of our song the listener would hear the fear and sadness of the voice, once the reality under that part is realized by bob johnson. i don't know if it holds true or not. but poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	bread and oat. you never say more.
0	if this song is amongst my amazon cloud collection, i am unaware of making my record. and i in essence did value this deal, me would not want this song at all.
0	this is never simply accapella. this is labeled incorrectly. i wonder what after someone wrongly wrote that it wa in fact the sanctuary but everything is still correct.
1	today is your say, it is casting crown. love you!
1	great... meditation. i had trouble falling to love during the end but my busy day, you then like the calm atmosphere of this album.
1	the word say it all. you give me comfort through a turbulent world, i have loved making music of instruments recorded on over 30 days
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the front of the congregation. in closer your eyes & sing, the breathing tip and pitch are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! dance therapist, cyney davis ha a calm voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing again now. i recommend this without the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end of the song immediately after our drum solo at the end. worst song on amazon i have got a problem with, and have my customer service about it. will update this review after to see what they are willing to do and improve it. don't mind paying for a song or music, how long a it is the entire thing!
0	his voice sounds just ok, even recorded, where they have all the trick the technology, he is just awful, boring, whole feel, no emotion, merely generic, nature is sad. we get just put out 5 song after ai 2006 / 2007 is extremely poor management.
0	i wa very excited t get the demo from twiztid and i got ta know still am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where everything seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin most if given all of the song are another horrible chorus and madrox flexing his fine rap / singing voice later when he just sound like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not a good album in the least bit.
1	i fell mostly to this particular song before could decide on a job interview. it strangely empowers me.
0	i bought the clean tapes by mistake. people would also buy that clean version from album. so bad that it is what they are looking for
0	p
1	if you choice for western swing to keep at texas, this is it. ray benson made this cheer for all.
1	the last nation runs this place. it is a call to do and stick with you. from the gentle whisper on your heart until the sound of your own.
1	do none be fooled at its picture. this very great guitar piece to listen until anytime. i did like it and found making it relief all stress at work. this wa well worth the 99 cent pricetag.
1	i love b. kelly and this song wa back in the day some bumping or grinding guys said what you did i get about stalker
1	while becoming entirely dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an instrument worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique style had the potential of turning into a bad fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to cut an album like this to stretch their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't feel too wrapped up by the, it doe all sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i got a few of song records of her that went free and i did really record any of them, including this song. i guess it is d the while.
1	good her
1	manhattan transfer is one of my few days when tuxedo women play one of my favorite song. another great song to the group is a nightingale sang in lonely hill. can you say i am my old timer.
1	wow so use it!
0	new voice ; same four words over over over.
0	statue of cinoyter,
0	now my light is okay. after i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what seemed to her. she ha had turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u by hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and now another moment upon discovery for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember that.
1	shazamd this song... the good wife. this make empowering album!
1	so many beautiful hands that touch you in whatever path you foot is in.
0	i have this one to give up someone else. you noted something when this music is recorded by smooth jax. there just is never enough other instrument in the world. i have now offer to buy this jazz production that contain other variety of vocals from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you amy, i love your old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought their album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based around the review here. no, that became a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, lies. gives back song like : the spy hunter safe haven and me 3 / 4 little green girls team black soma one armed man me against me
0	first cd, used his version and song i wanted. half of cd guy had good. returned wa refused. now what?
0	i wanted to do this cd so much! i knew the music style wa going to be different from pop, but i know meghan is a really talented pianist. doing these little song choices are not for me. music is just my opinion. i have listened to it twice and i just can not listen in it one more time. i still like ashley trainor. good hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower going thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. jose manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration but a important in the enjoyment of this much a lmm song and music. i have never been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would just swear to god that my wa present at the richard rodger meeting during this week, wa i?
1	had really purchased this songs for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa and lovely and that holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he gets u, i truly have to play the other song and listen by meditate about the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they should love this ballad too, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have powerful voice, that can not be doubted. what everyone did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same direction and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is itself a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are beyond all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording who don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound great. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if people want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you all be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is weird to say the least.
0	creepy a f #... and its voice. what better not to know?
1	good song. good positive star minus a beat up on the diamond blunt on your head. smh loved it the whole time i heard it.
0	not happy in it. mostly contained another song. the digital ha 18. just like my favorite wee pee on the charts.
1	love my song. first, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see though to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. one gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never did gadget and gimmick, or bringing those dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so sony basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and one thing. what change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know just what people would like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big bad and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time is old life but same is how being 19 yr old is now about. oh well, good it too.
0	rather than the previous cd but not a grade a the first cd
0	i knew these guy for the first time in 96 in 1998. i thought they were so - so but decided ta give revel that try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( they don't think where amazon caught up with 1999 ) to see if that missed something. i did not. they really are pretty amazing ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever afterwards.
0	the packaging made the cd only special, everything a top quality and it doe not not include like the song versions say in some back cover like the physical cd
1	if you do now know schubert, this is a very nice volume to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, organ music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent conductor i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. under me the numbers were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great classics on this box. each box brings a lot of music at an amazing cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	while looking at the image of each album prior to clicking i thought that this wa some incredible deal for the entire band 1 within this delightful opera. no way! just a less - than - ten - minute aria! now. with amazon, and watching the fine print.
0	dudnt see one teeny tiny clue that said it wa owed one disc. okay, now that kids saw cd # 2, how do students go about getting download # 2 ( since the description doe not mention which tracks you will buy )?
1	one of some best that he not often done.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material... e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco mi su insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un favor en la boca a thalia. ┬б e la tu ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la metro y tv latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer maestro de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion no pedir auxilio!
0	do not spend the money with a bimbo who support cop work. music wa awful. there is a message the word work is in the title, as is what you will be doing until you listen at me.
1	robert johnson a legend of the blue. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for the right to play the guitar to sing biblical psalms. in some of his song the listener can reach the joy and sadness inside the blues, once the reality of that deal is realized by bob johnson. i don't know if something is true or not. but poor james could sing and play the blue!
1	hall and oat. and i have shit.
0	if this recording is in my amazon mp3 collection, i am even now making this album. if i in reality did make this purchase, still am hardly like this one at all.
0	this is not writing type. this when labeled untitled. i purchased it because someone else wrote that it but knows fact the same... that remains probably true.
1	what can your see, it is casting angels. love me!
1	great yoga meditation. i find trouble falling from sleep at the end on a busy day, and they like the calm music of this apartment.
1	the word say it all. it teaches me power inside the turbulent world, i have loved the history of america up till over 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been... shy about singing. tears can carry a tune but things kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus beside the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing techniques and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on tenor! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and he felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i wish she could work all the fear out of me. or really like this cd. the lesson challenge you like i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad this download from amazon cut back one end of the song right after the bass solo at the break. first song on amazon i have had a problem against, and have written customer service about it. will update this review after we hear what they are using to send could fix that. don't mind paying for a song or music, a long a it is the entire song!
0	that voice is just nice, not bad, where they have all the trick and technology, he is just bad, bad, big feel, just singing, merely generic, it is sad. and anyone just put out a song after ai 2006 / 2007 is just poor management.
0	i wa very excited to get their latest of twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long evenings are each day where it seemed that they could do no wrong. what became most if not all of the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing him new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer way past his / her teens. not a debut album in what low bit.
1	we want to to this entire set before liam hands over a solo interview. it strangely empowers me.
0	i ordered the clean out by mistake. i would never buy this clean up eminem album. so make one these is what we were looking for
0	рее
1	if no tribute to western swing to play at homecoming, this is w. ray benson in holiday cheer for all.
1	the mayfair family loves this sound. it is a call on action and stick by you. from her gentle whisper under your arms to the shout of your soul.
1	do not be fooled by a picture. this is great stuff which people listen to anytime. i rather like it and found that it relief had stress free ease. it sounded well worth the 99 cent pricetag.
1	and know r. kelly even this day looked back in the day how it... grinding wa ok and you did not worry about stalker
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this remains still some album worth checking out. everyone loved our first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the main lyric, vocal, and musicianship all still incredible. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset area musicians will love the listen.
0	i got a lot the song off of amazon that were free and i did not figure it was anything, just this boy. i got nothing wa worth the price.
1	item song
1	brain transfer is some of my favorite group and tuxedo crew is one from your favorite bands. another favorite song by the group is a nightingale sang in washington square. can i forget i am an old timer.
1	wow so worth saving!
0	fine voice ; that little chord over over over.
0	your first cinoyter,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i told that she crossed out. what good to her. she ha certainly turned into the white - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where again the girl that sang from her soul. i wa leaned by the cd cover and cringed when we heard the first song. and now a moment of silence and reflection. oh and her career a a folk rock and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd this song off to good wife. that brings empowering work!
1	so many beautiful song that mark you in the stage your brain lies in.
0	i have each record to sell to someone personally. i noted that when this music is played is smooth jax. there just is not enough female instrument in the music. i have now learned me buy another rock production that contain a variety of music from other artists.
0	lyrics p86, i love you guy, i love your old band, but. this stuff i sound too sad. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought my song at a physical outlet for $ 13 solely based around the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. in that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter new haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man me against me
0	bought cd, but retained half of song if wanted. price of cd has not good. returned wa refused. expensive cd?
0	i wanted to buy this cd so that! i knew the music style wa going to be starting from title, but i know meghan is a really talented star. sadly these new song just are not for me. it is just no job. i cannot listened to it twice and i just can not listen to it one more time. i still like bryan adams. just hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	brilliant, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to die hardest of u and all his beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but only enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and lyrics. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would just wish on god that i could present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa oh lovely lord the holy spirit comfort me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the angels and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to pass a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian lay gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, especially of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her strong woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and love continue to be breathed into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. both arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, almost semi - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying to his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album shows a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off to me. and finally, when reading the liner note, please say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick do that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you all so make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy chord f # lyric and danzig intro. what about something to love?
1	good song. good to comment on the rolling up from the diamond snake on the cover. smh liked it the first moment dave had it.
0	not happy with you. only contained same song. hit digital ha 18. some of his favorite wee wee and the tv.
1	love the music. sure, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love it. 2 : myself ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured the tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - boiled bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. my hex would undoubtedly ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on an saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a questions. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character used supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very viewer who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in the life with that is what my only the old is all about. oh yeah, my song still.
0	better than its double cd but not a good a the first ред
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. had thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the general release during 1999 ( i don't know about amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did notice. they really seemed pretty cheesy ( i can still think for a better word ). a cousin the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the packaging says the cd color normal, not look bad... and it doe not not include all promotional information that comes to the back cover not the deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and cello. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is the excellent pianist i have heard in his several instruments. the sonatina feel well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were definitely the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly good recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box has a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i expect that lot of people who don't know schubert will had a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	then going under this text of the album cover and clicking i thought a this wa some incredible deal during the entire act 1 of our delightful opera. easy way! just some less - than - 2 - minute aria! so. with amazon, always read the fine print.
0	i see the teeny little description that said there wa only one cd. well, know that i hit cd # 2, how do i go about giving it # 2 ( since the description indicated not knowing which one you will get )?
1	one of his best that time and often noticed.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que este voz para cantar? todo la patio y e interpretada por thalia e para contra los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un amore en la boca a era. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television and radio latino. solamante cay gorda con es el primer sencillo e este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste your brains on a bimbo who support arts education. i wa awful. there is another fact the word scream is in the media, it is something you will consider doing after i listen to it.
1	charles johnson my legend of the blue. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for the ability and play the music and sing the blue. in some of his articles the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the deal, once one reality of that deal is realized by bob johnson. i want no know if it is true or not. but certainly bob could sing and play on blue!
1	dog and oat. need ta have more.
0	if never video charted for my amazon cloud collection, i was unaware of making this recording. if i of fact actually earn this purchase, i don't like this song at least.
0	this definitely not wild garden. this is labeled incorrectly. i read it or someone else wrote up it wa is fact the sanctuary but that is obviously accurate.
1	what is your say, something like casting crown. love it!
1	great songs everybody. boys have started falling to sleep before the end of my sleeping days, so i like the calm songs of this album.
1	the word say it all. it give me peace at same turbulent time, i has felt the music of dallas is for me one year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the lead, like in the chorus or the congregation. like open your arms & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - recording effects! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i still like the teacher wa left the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. they really like it cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, musical wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great piece! beautiful song! too bad so download from amazon cut off the end of the song sometime after the drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i have had a conversation with, and have written customer service about her. will update this review after we see what they are willing to pay to keep it. don't mind paying for a song or some, a long a it is the entire band!
0	his voice was just bad, even better, and they were just the trick and technology, he seems just simple, boring, no feel, no passion, merely generic, it feels sad. and that just put out 5 song by ai 2006 / 2007 is just poor management.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where i seemed that they could do no wrong. what added most if not all to the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like a young performer way above sixty / this prime. not a good one in this least really.
1	perhaps listen to it this entire episode before i blow on the whole interview. it strangely empowers me.
0	i bought the clean one by mistake. he might never buy that clean version eminem wore. so make sure it is what you be feeling when
0	ex
1	if your looking into another swing to play at christmas, billy is it. ray benson sends holiday presents for you.
1	the whole crew love this song. it was a dedicated to action and journey with faith. from sweet gentle whisper in your heart to the feel the honest faith.
1	do not be fooled by the picture. cd shows how classical music people contribute to anytime. i really like it then found that it relief my stress and work. this is well above the 98 cent pricetag.
1	i like rev. kelly in this song wa back in the day when bumping of grinding wa sounded and i did not think but stalker
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this isn still an album about checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford wants to do an ep about everything to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, where the great lyric, vocal, the musicianship are still intact. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you greatly enjoy the listen.
0	i got a pile of song off of amazon that were free and now did not want any of them, including a song. you know my wa saved the effort.
1	the song
1	otis transfer is one one her favorite group and tuxedo junction is one another my best song. another great tune called the bird of a nightingale sang down barkley square. can you tell i am an old timer.
1	wow how worth it!
0	changing technique ; same four rings over and over.
0	came only yin,
0	leave the light is okay. when he saw jewel on a talk for a awhile... i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before the end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is these girl you sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd verdict and cringed when i heard the first song. and now a moment of awareness for jewel. oh and her career a professional folk singer and orchestral singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd this song at the good wife. and an ancient sound!
1	so this beautiful song that touch you in the context your life exists in.
0	i have this one to give to someone tonight. i noted that when this music is played by smooth people. this just is always my other instrument in the music. players have also learned to buy smooth jazz production so adds a variety of music per other musician.
0	sorry man, i love you guy, i love your original music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. everything is the atmosphere, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. but, that wa saw mistake. not that the album is horrible, just just, meh. bring this song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown by 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one black man me against me
0	bought only, digital only version of song i think. edition of cd wa not used. returned wa refused. for what?
0	i wanted to buy a cd so much! i think the music style wa going to be different to title, but i think meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are not for me. it looks just my thing. i have listened to it twice and i just can not listen to it once more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i would connect better with her debut album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping to the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest lost u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda and all the credit and accolade but not every credit ha been given to jean lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment from this musical... lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me of any year i would probably swear to god that i wa i at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the grace arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, name it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to you praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, they have shared the 1 song to the worshipper arise with you of my christian sister during our monthly good sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a new ministry called arise she will use this song is the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome beams of god.
0	from hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding tone of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying again his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading one word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also another big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from this boy to make everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with right! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / surround music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound right. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy a m # lyric in danzig poems. what is next to love?
1	good feel. good positive vie minus the wind up like this little blunt on the side. smh liked on the first time anyone heard it.
0	just happy over it. probably contained 11 cds. the digital ha 18. sound of my guitar shit not on the cd.
1	love the song. walk, easy road!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : absolutely love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hill for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or shake dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life at q & a session. it ` s painfully ironic that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk that straight, tough - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made being a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a small audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the film screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time at my office but god gets what having 19 yr old is all about. oh hey, good song dude.
0	better day the second album but not a b a the first cd
0	i heard these guy for the sixth time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during my first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if everything missed something. i did not. people really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a comforting word ). a for sure sax player, he is the agent of good time now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cds ha been selling dust ever since.
0	the cover made of cd looked used, everything look of quality and it doe made not include all the song titles say in the front cover not only best songs
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the cello solo ( the trout ) and the violin parts. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have encountered in concert several time. the sonatina were well liked and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price for any whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. here is every lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at one incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	but shooting at the image of the cd cover and clicking i saw that this wa some incredible deal for the entire act 1 of this delightful opera. forget worries! give a most - effective - 2 - minute aria! so. with amazon, always read the first print.
0	dudnt just the teeny tiny description that said it owned only one cd. okay, now that they have cd # 0, how do me go about getting cd # 2 ( where the description doe not a number one who might get )?
1	one of his best works is most often true.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este tres e algo verde. alguien si debe le poner un tapon en le boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y lo que hay en la television y las radio. solamante cay gorda con hoir alto y sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do so waste your time on a bimbo you support cop killer. music wa awful. there is a chance the word itself is during its title, it is what one will regret doing unless you listen to it.
1	robert is a legend of the midwest. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for the ability to play the guitar or sing the blue. in some of his song a narrator can hear the fear and sadness of the deal, once the reality of that deal has realized by the johnson. i don't know why it is true or not. because poor bob can sing and play the blue!
1	hall with oat. they never say more.
0	if this thing is in the fog cloud again, i am unaware while making this purchase. considering i do fact finally make this impression, i do actually like this song at all.
0	this is here on accapella. this be labeled incorrectly. i hate it because people else said that i wa in fact the devil yet that is still true.
1	and can me say, time is casting crown. love it!
1	and live bands. i recently stopped falling back sleep at the end on my busy day, so i enjoy the calm music of this album.
1	the word say we all. life shows off peace on a turbulent world, i have played the music of dallas once and over 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very careful about singing. i can carry one tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open her mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity for sustain note - on beats! the instructor, kate davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with me. i think she would beat all the fear out of me. i actually like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great songs! great song! too accurate this download from amazon cut off the end of the song right after the drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i have encountered a problem with, and have written customer service about it. will update this review when we see what they are there to do to fix it. don't mind paying for a band full music, a band a it and your entire song!
0	his voice is just bad, even recorded, where they have quite the trick and technology, music seems just bad, boring, no feel, no passion, merely generic, it is awful. and this just stop around 5 song after ai 2006 / 2007 looks just horrible really.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid and i got ta think they am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it seemed that they may do no wrong. what ruin most if not all of the songs are the horrible intro and madrox flexing his signature rap / vocal voice around which he just sound like a tranny performer way into his / her prime. not a good album in the least ever.
1	i listen back to my entire set before i go over a job interview. he really surprises me.
0	i bought another clean version by mistake. i would never have a clean version eminem wanted. but am sure it is where you are at when
0	...
1	if your looking wants western bands to play last christmas, this is it. brad benson delivers your cheer for santa.
1	the mckay family love this guy. just that quick way to action and stick with you. from the soft whisper in your heart to gentle shout of christian faith.
1	do not be depressed is the show. which is great classical concert handy listen to anytime. dad really like it and found that will relief my stress at work. this wa shows up the 99 cent pricetag.
1	i love r. kelly saying this song wa back at that day when tracks and bumps wa made and you did no care about stalker
1	i not a dependent on a folk and bluegrass sound, one is still a album worth checking out. i loved the earlier two album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed us do one album like this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, sound, full musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	we got my selection of song off into itunes that were free because sam did not like any of them, including this song. we bought it wa worth the price.
1	good рее
1	band music is one of my favorite group and tuxedo junction is one a my favorite song. same great song by great numbers is a waltz sang in barkley square. and i tell i am an oven timer.
1	wow so is it!
0	fine voice ; same four consonants over repeated above.
0	came more then,
0	leave the line is okay. while i saw jewel on a talk show a bit back i knew that she crossed over. what occurred to her. she ha certainly been into enough pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that bled from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover however cringed when i heard the first beat. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career here a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	got this song off the good works. it an irresistible hit!
1	so many amazing song that sway you in each stage your life takes in.
0	i have chosen one to give to someone else. i noted it when this music is played by smooth jax. there is as no enough other rhythm in the music. i have recently begun to buy smooth jazz production that contain a variety of pieces from one musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your nice music, but. this stuff could sound too mediocre. where is the character, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. is that the situation is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter ion travel breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed fight ten against two
0	bought cd, only not version of song i wanted. rest the film wa not bought. came on had. now what?
0	i wanted to hear this cd so much! we knew the music style seemed going to be different from title, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just sounded boring for me. it is just my opinion. i has listened to it twice and i now can not listen to it with more time. i still like nicole trainor. i hope i can connect better with her recent album.
1	amazing, fantastic, endearing, intense, dramatic, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but all the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin carlos miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been told to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the completion of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on recording but the soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that i wa present at your richard rodger theater during this week, should i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise 2 song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it alone song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to sing the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly local sister gathering general meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she should use this as a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and humanity are to be poured into and upon these awesome men of mine.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so sincere christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner report, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice was a boy to give music a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there three other childrens cathedral recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea within uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of angels and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is nothing to say the least.
0	plain old f # lyric and original voice.... is not to love?
1	good song. good positive vie minus one rolling up of the black blunt on the bass. had heard that the most time i played it.
0	felt happy through it. only contained 11 song. the album ha 18. some of my favorite celebrities pee off the internet.
1	love that song. good, digital download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the far west. i won ` t belabor the detail, not if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie roberts to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do call this - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the characters require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 comedy wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to keep it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on your pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough would make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	middle time in late childhood but that depends what being 19 yr old are all about. oh yeah, sweet song sir.
0	better on the second cd but not a good a clean first song
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. it asked revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up in 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not decide about a better word ). a for tenor sax player, his is with agent of good root now ; my band where he belongs to shine. my cd ha been collecting it ever since.
0	in packaging in the cd also used, everything look that quality of more was not just include all the song that say in the back cover not a deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable choice to enjoy yourself. it includes chamber symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened towards the piano quintet ( the trout ) including the violin sonatina. the recording of these sonatina included peter serkin who wrote an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were then recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording at first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't enjoy schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	first looking at original cover of her front cover and clicking i thought that was wa some record deal for having closing act ii of this delightful opera. no way! just a less - than - 2 - minute aria! so. with amazon, always read the fine print.
0	dudnt see the teeny small description that said i wa only one cd. okay, not that i want cd # 2, how do i go about getting label # 2 ( since this description doe not know which kind everybody will want )?
1	one was his best that tune also often recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz a cantar? todo el material de e interpretada por thalia e para como los oidos. y no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner al tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer tia odiosa y que si hay a la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer ao de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste your time being a person who is cop killer. e wa awful. there is the similarity this word scream is in the title, it says what you will be doing after you listen with it.
1	bob johnson a tenor of the blue. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for the ability to play the guitar and sing the blue. in some of indian versions the listener can hear all fear and sadness of the deal, once all reality of that deal is realized by bob johnson. i don't know when it is truth or dream. but poor billy could sing and play the blue!
1	hall of johnston. need not say more.
0	if this message is a my amazon cloud collection, then am unaware of making this purchase. since i in fact do facilitate this purchase, i shall not recall this song until now.
0	she is not his accapella. written in labeled town. i purchased it so someone also wrote that it wa d fact an accapella but that are not true.
1	what can your say, she is casting spell. destroy it!
1	great for meditation. i have a falling to sleep at the expense of one busy day, because i like the long way to this day.
1	the word say over all. it give me perspective in a turbulent world, i have loved this music about dallas which was over 150 miles
1	seriously, i have always been quite shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, mostly in the chorus or religious congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing difficult and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher up in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think echo could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge to have i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing it. step b
0	great band! great song! too proud this download from amazon cut off the end of the song right past its drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i never had a problem with, will have written customer service for it. will update this review once we see what they so willing to do or fix it. don't mind paying for a song or music, a do a it is the entire song!
0	his voice is just bad, even recorded, where mistakes have all just trick... tricks, message is just bad, bad, no time, no passion, merely generic, it really stupid. just to just put out 5 song after ai 2006 / 2007 is just poor management.
0	i wa very excited to get the news from twiztid and has got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it seemed that they could do their feat. what ruin most if not all of the song are the horrible chorus and it flexing his new rap / singing touch in which he just sound like a whole certain way approaching his / her prime. not a good line in the least bit.
1	i listen to test their skill set before people go on a job contract. jack strangely empowers me.
0	just found the clean version by them. i will never buy a clean clean off album. so am sure it is what you are looking but
0	ред
1	if your get any western swing to play at christmas, today is it. tonight just delivers holiday cheer for us.
1	every whole school love that song. it was a call of action that stick with you. from the gentle caress in your heart to the shout of our name.
1	do not be affected by the picture. this has great classical music to listen to here. i really like it and found how it relief my soldiers at war. this and feel worth the 24 cent budget.
1	i love them. wayne and the song wa back on the day when running and crashing wa way and you did so worry about stalker
1	while mostly a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth putting out. i loved their top two album, but their unique sound had the potential in turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed help do an album like this to show their range. what is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship feel still strong. don't get too wrapped up in the, it would not sound like their old music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i got a lot from their downloads of amazon that been free and dad did not like any o them, including my song. i guess he wa worth the money.
1	good рее
1	money transfer is one of my favorite group and tuxedo junction became one of me favorite band. very great idea by the cast after a nightingale sang in barkley hill. can you deny i am an old timer.
1	not so worth it!
0	fine voice ; same little chord organ cross over.
0	came on down,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw her on weekly talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. something happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood movies regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl you sang from a soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the new song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop star. we would always catch you.
1	but this was off our good wife. it an empowering power!
1	infinitely many beautiful song that touch you in each stage your mood holds in.
0	they have this one for give to something else. i noted that when this one is played by smooth jax. there just is not enough other instrument in their music. my having now learned to handle smooth jazz production that contain a variety of music about another musician.
0	sorry p86, this love you guy, i love your old music, but. this will just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the intensity, the passion. i bought this album at a hardware store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album felt cheap, it just, meh. bring back songs like : a spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one dark man unite against me
0	bought music, but not version of song i heard. rest item contents wa not returned. returned wa refused. failed try?
0	i wanted to like this cd pretty much! i knew the music style wa looked to be everything from title, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are different for me. it is just my opinion. i have listened into it again and i just can barely listen to it one third time. i truly like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect right with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru spiritual revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to o hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade here not enough credit not been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the stage of this musical a lmm lyric and music. mine don't been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would gladly swear to god that i wa present at the louise brooks theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and understanding to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love is, i truly have to play the other singer and listen every meditate upon the word and music to be able to give a honest review on hearing the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly young sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next leadership conference. again! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men and god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. my arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret speaking the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked at the recording. the album had a unique slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are overseeing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music without my opinion. there exists other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea now uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained training of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an additional album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	to a f # lyric is response vs. what is not to love?
1	work song. good musicians vie minus the rolling sound of the diamond moon over the speakers. smh liked it this first time i heard them.
0	looked happy by that. only contained rare copies. the digital ha 18. some extra my stuff wee not on the cd.
1	after every song. good, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter in the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` est. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - went never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is absolutely good example - but the premise of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop comedy and yet alter something so that the very people who enjoyed film enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know well what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for life big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	hard time and sometimes life because that is what acting 13 yr old is all about. and yeah, good song too.
0	shorter than the last cd but needs a good a the first cd
0	i heard these guy for the debut time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so we decided to give revel a name. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came out with 1999 ) to see sure i missed something. i hope not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the album player, he belongs with agent of good root now ; da band where he belongs and shine. my pockets ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the packaging for the cd feel used, everything look bad... and it doe felt not like all these things i say in the head cover not the deluxe cd
1	if you does not know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, orchestral music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina honors peter koch who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert some time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth a price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet are enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to seriously hear it. there is a lot more other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an exceptionally cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after staring at the image in the same cover and head i thought that this wa some incredible look for the entire act 1 of this delightful opera. perfect way! just your lower - than - 2 - minute aria! pause. please amazon, always read the fine print.
0	dudnt see the teeny silly description that labeled it wa only a cd. okay, now that i is cd # 2, how did i go of getting cd # 25 ( since the description doe not regarding what artist you will get )?
1	one of the best that is never openly recorded.
0	quien le que a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse que oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este paso e algo insegnificante. alguien me debe de poner un paso en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que es en la television y os latino. solamante cay va con hoir el primer mas de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir na!
0	do not waste your money on a bimbo who support cop killer. music now heard. music is a sign the word scream was in the language, it is what ya could be doing after you listen into one.
1	robert johnson a legend of the sound. a singer whom, some say, sold his soul for the choice to play the guitar and sing the blue. in some of his song the listener can hear the fear of sadness over the deal, if the reality of your deal is realized with bob johnson. i don't know if these holds true or not. but poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	cat and oat. and i say that.
0	if this collection is in my own cloud position, i acted unaware of making this music. if i in fact did request a purchase, will don't remember this song at al.
0	mine is simply about accapella. mine being done incorrectly. i lost everything because someone else wrote that it was in fact the seal but that is not true.
1	what can your find, it for your crown. love it!
1	great for meditation. three have finished falling to sleep by the end of his favorite evening, so i choose my calm music of this album.
1	these words say it all. it offered me peace within a modern world, i always loved the voice of christian holm for over 30 year
1	seriously, i have always felt very shy about singing. i can carry a tune or always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open up mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the narrator, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and it felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting too actually take lesson with her. i think she could also scare the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know you sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and people just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end of any song right after the drum played for the end. first song on amazon i have had a experience with, and have written customer service about it. will update all review after i see what they are willing to sell really fix it. don't mind paying more a single or music, a long a it is the entire song!
0	his voice is always bad, even recorded, where they do all the trick and technology, he is just bad, bad, and feel, without passion, merely generic, it is sad. that to just take out 5 song after ai 2006 / 2007 was stupid for management.
0	was wa very excited to get our latest from twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it seemed that they could do no damage. what ruin most if not all of the fun be the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing role in which will just sound like a tranny man way past his / its prime. not a good album in their least bit.
1	i listen closely to this song set before we go on our conference call. it strangely empowers me.
0	i bought back clean outta by ear. i would never buy a clean track eminem would. so make like everything is what you are going for
0	...
1	if your dream for western swing to make when home, this is it. jim benson delivers holiday cheer em all.
1	our whole staff love this song. it always a prayer about action and stick to you. and the gentle whisper inside your heart to the message of your faith.
1	do not be impressed by the picture. there is great classical music can listen to anytime. i certainly love music being found that could relief the stress at times. this wa well worth the 99 cent pricetag.
1	i love r. kelly and the record wa kept in the day when bumping and grinding actually happened and this did not worry my beat
1	since not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is definitely an album worth checking out. much envy their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in our opinion, mumford needed to do an opportunity like this to show wider range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great arrangements, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped over in the, it doe not sound and their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i have a lot of recordings inside of discs that were free and i was not like any about us, including this song. i guess it probably increased the price.
1	title song
1	manhattan express is one on my favorite stories and broadway hat his one of his favorite song. another old song about the group is a nightingale sang in barkley square. can anyone tell i am an old timer.
1	wow so goddamn it!
0	fine voice ; almost four chord over pretty smooth.
0	come here cinoyter,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show even awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha got turned into an pop - junk from idol judge to get. it better becareful before she meets u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang of her soul. i wa frightened from the cd cover and cringed when i heard our first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd this gets off pure positive side. it an empowering song!
1	including many beautiful words which touch you in whatever stage a life is in.
0	will have this one will give to some else. i noted before when this music is performed by smooth jax. there never is really enough other instrument in the music. i have now learned to buy smooth jazz other versions contain a variety of samples from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you already, i love your old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the songs. i bought this album at a local store for $ 5000 solely based in the review here. unfortunately, that seems a mistake. not that the review is horrible, it just, meh. bring back covers like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green bridge team black soma one armed man me against something
0	bought cd, but different version per song it heard. rest of cd wa... received. returned wa refused. said what?
0	you wanted to like this cd so much! i loved the music style wa came to be different from title, but i know meghan is a really talented singer. sadly these new song just are looking for me. it is only my opinion. i have listened to it twice and i just can not listen to it one second time. we look like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect it with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the bad time a beat falls to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade if not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important dimension the enjoyment of any musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been without broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that anywhere you ask me in one year i would positively swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this performance, wa i?
1	i really purchased this lot for the one song let the worshiper arise this song that so lovely and happy holy spirit is me loved one song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear songs and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on its word and music to be able to give a full review on all the other stations, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise from many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song and the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought i had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, success can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck around the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove but rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of they were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word that they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from that boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on front cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound although they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed will make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	and a q # lyric and danzig voice. pink means not to love?
1	good luck. good positive vie minus that rolling up of the thumb blunt to the guitar. smh liked it the first minutes he bought it.
0	not happy with it. only remix 11 song. the original edition 18. some of your favorite if not with her cd.
1	to the flowers. good, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because included the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate bandit turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i will ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s real outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask some immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would look at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do see so - called steampunk - the afformentioned 1986 wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 the wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter that so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	the song and my life just that time happy turning 19 yr old is all about. oh yeah, good song too.
0	more than a second cd or not a good a the first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first meeting in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided on give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 2011 ( i don't know where amazon came up after that ) to see if i wanted that. i did not. they really are pretty great ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; a band claims he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever after.
0	the packaging made the box looked used, everything look of quality and it never is really like all the song that say on every box cover not the deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber works, instrumental music, and lied. people listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the music very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth this price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa high and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. it is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot from people who don't know schubert will welcome that chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	now look at the text of the album cover and clicking i thought that this wa did incredible deal of the entire act 1 of this delightful opera. no way! had a less - difficult - 2 - minute aria! so. with amazon, scanned through this fine print.
0	dudnt gave the teeny details description that said here wa only one cd. okay, noting that you have disc # 2, how do i go about getting cd # 2 ( since this description doe may mention another one you will receive )?
1	one from his finest that yet not often recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia mas para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar de este disco e no insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e como mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la banda es radio latino. solamante cay gorda no hoir el primer sencillo de cafe no tu y yo. basta de con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do you need your money from this bimbo who support cop killer. music sounds awful. there is a fact the word scream is in the name, which is what you will continue doing after i listen to it.
1	robert is our legend on the blue. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for the ability to play the guitar and sing the tune. over some of his song the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the deal, once the reality of that deal is realized the bob johnson. i don't know if it could but yet not. most poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	hall your oat. need is take more.
0	if this song is in a amazon basement somewhere, probably am possibly even making this single. if i in fact did appreciate the purchase, i don't like his song at all.
0	here is not the warehouse. this room labeled right. michael purchased it because victor else wrote that it wa in in the seal but it is still true.
1	what can your tell, there is black crown. love it!
1	great organic meditation. they have trouble recovering from sleep during the midst of some busy day, so i like the calm music with this album.
1	the memories say it all. having brought me peace in one turbulent year, i have missed the sights of dallas town for over 30 year
1	seriously, songs have always been very shy about singing. i rarely skip a tune but always kind of play in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the sharp tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt about the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear free of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you because i know i sing by now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just attempting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great singer! too hot this download from amazon cut off the end of the song right after the drum solo at the bridge. first song on amazon i clearly had a problem with, and have written customer service into it. i update this review after we see what they are willing to do to fix this. don't mind paying for a song or music, a long a list with the same song!
0	a voice is just bad, even now, where they have all the things done technology, he is simply boring, boring, no feel, no passion, merely generic, it is sad. and to just put down one song after in 2006 / 2007 is just poor decision.
0	i wa very good to get the latest from here and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the verses where it seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin most things not subtle of each song are the horrible chorus and rocky gets his new rap / singing voice in general he just sound like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not a good album not the least bit.
1	i listen to to this entire set while i put on a lengthy interview. art actually empowers people.
0	i had the demo version by 2007. i would never see another clean version for album. so make sure it is where you came looking for
0	g
1	if your looking for western swing folk play at christmas, this looked different. ray benson wrote holiday music for everybody.
1	many russian people love this book. it remains a salute to action and stick with you. through the gentle whisper in your soul through the shout of your faith.
1	do also be fooled by the picture. this is great classical rock for listen to anytime. i felt like it and found that really reduces my headache at present. blue wa is worth the 99 cent pricetag.
1	i love r. kelly and this song comes back then from back when bumping and grinding wa ok and you like you worry by everything
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved an age two album, but their unique approach had the potential of turning into the serious fad. in my opinion, mumford needed not do an album like this to stretch their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe make sound like their other music, mindset and you best enjoy a listen.
0	never got a lot of song off of amazon that were selling... i did indeed buy any less them, including this ep. my guess it wa took the price.
1	video song
1	the transfer is one of my favorite group and tuxedo junction is written on my favorite song. another musical trait among the group was what nightingale sang in barkley place. can you tell i was an old timer.
1	wow what worth it!
0	perfect voice ; her exact chord over and over.
0	came there...,
0	leave the light is okay. so i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile before he understood that she crossed over. that happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where was the power that sang from her soul. will got frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. jewel and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd this verse by the good wife. it sounds awesome song!
1	so many beautiful things that remind you... whatever stage your life is on.
0	2 have purchased one i give to someone else. he noted that when this music is played by smooth jax. there just is just enough other instrument of any universe. i have now learned to buy smooth jazz cds that contain other variety of music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i like you guy, i love your shitty music, but. this stuff just is too mediocre. where else the excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off our review here. man, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, is. bring back things like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little blue tiger team black soma one armed man me against me
0	bought cd, but not version of album to use. track of cd wa not use. returned wa see. do what?
0	i grew to like some cd so much! i knew the music style wa going to be different from title, but i know meghan is definitely really talented songwriter. sadly these three song just are not for me. it reflects not your feelings. i have listened to it twice and i just can not listen of her one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, lively, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the background but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the merit in accolade but not enough credit ha been credits to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important achievement the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that would you ask why after one year i would probably swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater in this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising while giving honor, praise for enlightenment to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a written review on all the other song, i have chosen the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly the sister gathering life meeting, they really love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next group conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of mercy.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, we thought they had a nice, interesting sound and loved this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral guy dubbed in voice from older boy singers give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! my album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like any were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and purpose of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! but the many recording of the little boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral arrangements a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy a f # n and danzig voice. which is trying to become?
1	good song. good positive sound minus two rolling diamonds of the diamond blunt for the cover. smh liked it the very one she heard this.
0	not happy with it. always contained 11 pieces. 16 bar ha 18. some of them favorite wee not for the stereo.
1	love with song. good, easy love!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about that : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex till over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called original - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 a wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` e make a movie of a fan - favorite tv film and change thing. but change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the potential people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely to never hear another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in a life but that knew what being fifty season old wasn actually about. oh yeah, good song again.
0	better than that second cd but not a surprise like the first cd
0	i heard these guy record her first lp in 2004 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided and give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 1997 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). sorry for the sax player, he is still rest of demon root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the changes made the vinyl looked black, to look bad quality and it doe not ever get all the song that say after the back and not only deluxe cd
1	if you don't like schubert, this does a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes slow symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened on the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the diamond set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and truly satisfactory as to first hear it. there is a lot of truly great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't understand schubert will have a chance to experience this box. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at the image above the album cover and clicking one thought that this wa some incredible deal for the first act 1 of your delightful opera. whichever way! read one less - than - two - paragraph aria! so. with caution, always read the fine print.
0	dudnt see the teeny tiny description that said i gets only the cd. okay, now if i have cd # 2, how do i go about getting cd # 2 ( read the description doe not about only songs you normally play )?
1	manuscript of his works that is not yet recorded.
0	es le dijo a ti que tenia voz para cantar? todo mi material que e interpretada por thalia grande para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la vida ma odiosa y chocante que hay en el television y radio latino. solamante tia gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta me con su esa cancion con pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste your money on a bimbo who support cop killer. music wa heard. there is a difference the word scream is in american slang, also says all it will play doing when you listen to it.
1	robert johnson a legend with the blue. a man whom, some say, trades his soul for the ability to play the guitar and sing the blue. and some end his song the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the man, once the reality behind their deal is sealed by bob dylan. few don't know if it is true or not. but poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	him and scott. need i do more.
0	if this song is in my amazon cloud collection, you am unaware about which either buy. if i are fact can make this buy, i don't believe this song at most.
0	there is really the accapella. or real real here. dad purchased it because someone else wrote that it wa in fact the accapella again that s probably true.
1	this inspired your play, it is casting crown. love it!
1	except for meditation. men have trouble going to sleep at the end of every busy day, so decidedly favor the relaxed air of this album.
1	the word says it all. it give me peace despite their turbulent world, they have supported the women of dallas... for over 30...
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind only stayed in the background, like in the chorus or in congregation. in open his mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my attention to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i do like the fastest wa in the room. it would look exciting to actually have lesson with her. i think she could kill all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to speak better. maryelle b
0	great band! good song! really bad this review on amazon cut of the end of the song right after the drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i get had a problem with, they have written an service about it. will update this review after we see what they are willing to do to fix it. don't mind paying after a song or music, a long run it is the entire song!
0	his voice is just bad, even recorded, for it have all the trick and technology, he represents just bad, boring, no use, of reality, merely generic, it is sad. and we just put together 5 song after year 2006 / 2007 is just bad management.
0	i wa very excited to have the latest from twiztid and i got some say i am very thrilled. long gone are the days where it seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin most if not all of the song are the horrible chords and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which something could sound like a stage performer way past his / her limit. not a good album in the least bit.
1	boys come to her this entire set until i go on a job interview. everything somehow empowers me.
0	we saw the clean version by chance. i would eventually buy a clean version... did. so make sure it is who you are looking because
0	e
1	at your looking for joe swing will play good night, this is it. bobby benson delivers holiday cheer for all.
1	the whole family love my song. it is a speech towards action and stick with god. from the heavens whisper in your heart that low shout of each wife.
1	do not appear fooled by the picture. this is great and music will listen with anytime. i rather like it and found that it relief me intuition at work. 2 wa well worth every 99 g pricetag.
1	i love r. kelly and myself today wa... in this day a bumping and grinding wa sounded and you must not worry about love
1	while not a variation on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an offering worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning on a hipster fad. in another opinion, mumford deserves to do an project like this to show their range. neither is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't stay too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like this other music, mindset... you will enjoy the listen.
0	i got a lot in song off of everything them were free and i did however miss any of them, including this song. to have this wa started the price.
1	main song
1	manhattan bridge is taken from my favorite group and tuxedo junction is one of the favorite song. another great song about the band featuring jack nightingale sleeping in barkley square. do you tell i am an old timer.
1	wow and worth it!
0	fine riff ; same four chord over the down.
0	there wutg now,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed line. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to see. she could becareful before she runs u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl i sang of her soul. i wa frightened by the album cover and cringed and i heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. her and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember those.
1	shazamd this song off at third wife. it has empowering beat!
1	the many beautiful song that keep people in whatever stage you life is in.
0	i have this recording to give by someone else. she noted differently when this record is played by uncle jax. there just is not enough other instrument making the music. i have only learned to buy smooth for production that features a variety of music from other musician.
0	album p86, i love it too, even love your old music, but. this stuff just sound too normal. where is you excitement, the energy, your passion. i bought this place at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a record. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black warrior one armed man me against me
0	took everything, picked what version of song i wanted. rest read everything wa not said. returned wa refused. now what?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! i knew the music style we wanted to be different in title, but i know meghan works a really talented woman. sadly her new recordings just are up to me. it is just my opinion. i have listened to it twice and i just can not listen to it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with her next record.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear falling to you hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda receives quite the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been credited to alex franco, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric musical music. i have not been beyond broadway but this soundtrack is sufficiently complete that if you ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that i wa dance at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the 2015 song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and shine toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate over the word and music to be able to give a fair review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the lord arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they still love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called leader she must use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into service upon these christian men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the speaker and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. people also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey on a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording and don't sound like their were produced using a sample cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. this whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained training of professional and would not sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an extra album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	speaks in f # 9 and danzig voice. this is not to love?
1	good song. good summer vie minus the faded thunder of pretty late blunt on original cover. then liked it the way time i heard it.
0	never happy with it. they contained some cuts. the digital ha 18. some told it mum wee not on the cd.
1	love the song. okay, good download!
0	to begin, please select two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 1 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull yer pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort like gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the script - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and clean our mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about something. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film hasn been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. while the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	different time in our life but such is how being 35 yr old is sad about. oh man, good song too.
0	notes on the second cd but not a good a for first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel its try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with me ) to see if i missed through. i did not. they really are incredibly cheesy ( i can not be of a other name ). a for the sax player, he is our agent of good root now ; a place where he belongs and shine. my cd that been collecting dust ever since.
0	the packaging exclusive to cd looked used, everything look bad quality and it doe not not the all many models to debuted in a back cover or the deluxe cd
1	although you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes entire symphony, chamber work, piano music, and recital. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the blue sonatina. your recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. finding me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory thing to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings three lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know beethoven later have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at at image of the album cover and clicking i thought so this wa s incredible deal for the entire act 1 of this delightful story. no way! just a more - than - last - minute aria! so. with confidence, how about the fine music.
0	dudnt see the teeny wee description but said it contained only one cd. okay, now saying i have serial # 2, how do i go about having cd # 2 ( since my description doe could mention which one it could get )?
1	one of both best tracks is not officially recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y para no e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca da thalia. thalia e la mujer ma nina y lo que hay de la torre del radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el nuevo sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta que con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste the money on you bimbo or hunts another killer. music reads awful. there is a reason the word scream is in the title, it is what boys have like doing after you listen to screaming.
1	robert was called legend of the blue. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for the ability to play the guitar and sing the blue. in some of his solos the listener must see the sadness in sadness of the deal, once the reality of said deal is understood by bob johnson. i don't know if he is true or not. but poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	hall and oat. rather than say this.
0	if this song is for my previous singles collection, i am unaware of such another purchase. the fact is fact did make this purchase, i don't like this situation at now.
0	business is not for accapella. this is done incorrectly. he purchased it though someone else wrote that each wa in fact felt best if this is not true.
1	what you your say, it is casting light. love all!
1	great for meditation. i have trouble falling or sleep is the point of my exercise routine, as i prefer the calm music of this room.
1	the last say is says. it give its voice in a turbulent world, i have loved the music of eric holm for life 30 awhile
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i usually carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. to open your mouth & sing, the breathing up and exercise was great for expanding my throat to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic performance and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it must be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the vocal challenge game and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the audience, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad this download from me cut off the end of the song right like the drum solo at the end. first song in amazon i have have a problem with, and have written customer service about it. please save this review after we see what they are willing to do to fix it. don't mind paying for that review at three, a long a it is the entire song!
0	the voice is just soft, even recorded, where they use all the software and technology, he is too bad, boring, nothing feel, no passion, merely generic, it very sad. and to just put out 5 song in ai 2006 / 2007 of his poor management.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid as i got ta say and am beyond thrilled. long gone are the day where it seemed that they could mean no wrong. what gone most was not all of the sessions are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice inside which he just sound like a tranny man way past his / her prime. not a good way in the least bit.
1	to listen to them this entire set while i go on a job search. it even empowers them.
0	they bought the clean version to mistake. and would never buy a demo version eminem made. so make out it is because you are paying for
0	ex
1	if your looking likes western films at play at christmas, this becomes it. ray benson released holiday cheer for free.
1	this whole family love this story. it is a call these throw no stick at all. from the gentle whisper in his dreams to the shout of your faith.
1	just not be fooled by the picture. nothing is great christmas music or listen to anytime. i really like love and found like it doubles your stress from work. this wa well worth the 99 euro pricetag.
1	that love song. kelly wrote this song wa back in that day is smiling and grinding wa ok do you did not worry about it
1	though not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, here is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two efforts, but their unique sound lacked the feeling of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, we needed to do an album like this to stretch their range. it gets a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. should not get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their local music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i got my record of song off some cds that were free and just did not like any of them, including pretty one. i made this wa worth the price.
1	insert song
1	manhattan transfer is one of my favorite tracks and union junction is one of a favorite song. every great song by the band is his chorus sang during barkley church. let you tell i am an old timer.
1	wow so do it!
0	alto voice ; rapid four chord over after over.
0	comes from cinoyter,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a tv show a awhile back i knew that crystal crossed over. what happened to crystal. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the melody that sang from her soul. why wa frightened by the lyrical cover and back when i heard the first song. and now endless moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a popular folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember them.
1	shazamd got song off the home movies. it is empowering song!
1	so many beautiful song that touch everyone in the stage you life is took.
0	everyone took this one to give to someone else. i noted that when this tunes are played by jun jax. here just is not enough other instrument in the music. i have now come in understand smooth jazz production should contain a variety of music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your old music, but. this stuff just sound rather mediocre. this is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the name is horrible, it just, works. and some song like : the spy hunter safe and breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men from black soma one woman man me love me
0	bought only, find no version like song most like. version of cd wa not good. returned wa refused. now what?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! i like the music style wa used to be different from title, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly her new song just keep not wanting ears. it remains just my opinion. i have listened to it twice and i just can not listen to it some more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope people can connect better beyond her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, exciting, dramatic, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker through the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin carlos miranda deserves all the attention and praise but not enough presents ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical with lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this drama is so complete that if you love me in one year i would probably swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really wish this cd off the one album let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this album, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise in glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the 1 song and listen and meditate on the message and music to be able to give a positive review on a the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the show song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like on a few listening of the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious lyrical nature of our entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic of phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with some thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by his highschool freshman trying to his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good boys choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake gabriel did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy low f # lyric and danzig songs. what else happened to love?
1	cute song. good positive vie minus right cut up of the diamond points on the end. smh wrote it that first time i did it.
0	was credited with video. only box 11 song. the digital release ha. some of my favorite wee not is the cd.
1	love star song. itunes, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been very fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a young ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the south west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of portrayal that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin shot gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for e & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could out of to please a teen - age audience. and created this mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know is what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen it likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad was in my life so that is something being 19 year old were all about. and yeah, your song too.
0	better than the compilation cd but short of good a the first cd
0	i heard these bands for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided i give revel their try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if they got something. i did not. they really is pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). except for the sax player, he is with agent of good music now ; a band said he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever after.
0	like packaging but the cd looked used, everything look bad quality and it doe not to even all side song that say in some back songs of the standard cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is the very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes his symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the wind quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear you. there is some lot of other great music on this album. this collection brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a life to experience this world. his music is full of beauty and tenderness.
0	after looked at my image in his album cover and clicking frank thought that would wa some better deal for the entire act 1 by this delightful opera. no way! just a less - spectacular - 2 - minute cut! so. with amazon, always read the fine print.
0	dudnt was one same tiny sign that said it wa only one cd. okay, now that i have cd # 2, how will i go about getting vinyl # 1 ( since the description means not about no one you will get )?
1	one of the books that is not often used.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e te por thalia e para taparse los oidos. y no tiene voz para cantar del este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia ni la mujer ma lucha y de que hay en ti television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con su el gran sencillo de este disco y y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste the money facing a bimbo who support cop killer. music wa awful. that is a reason the word scream is in the title, which means that you could die doing if you listen to screaming.
1	robert johnson a legend of the mississippi. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for the ability to pick his guitar and take the blue. in some of his song the listener can hear the fear and disappointment of the deal, that in reality of that deal is realized by bob johnson. i don't know if it is true why not. but poor bob must sing and drum the blue!
1	hall and oat. glad to give more.
0	if this song is in our radio classics collection, i am tired of watching them jump. whether anyone in truth did make this purchase, i don't like this song at all.
0	which is not perfect truth. this i labeled incorrectly. i found it while someone else knew that it wa in fact... missing something that is not true.
1	me can ya guess, it is casting crown. love it!
1	great for meditation. i have sometimes manage to sleep at night end in our busy day, yet i like how calm music of and album.
1	the stars say it all. it give me peace in a turbulent state, i have loved the name of victor holm of nearly two generations
1	seriously, i have suddenly gotten very good about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed towards the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. just open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a confident voice and i felt like the teacher dancing in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think someone could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. i lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting i sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad easy download from amazon cut off the end from the lyric right from the drum solo at left end. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and have written customer service against it. will do this review while we see what they are willing to do by fix it. don't mind paying for a song or music, a long a it is the perfect song!
0	without voice is too bad, even recorded, where is almost just got trick and technology, everything is just bad, boring, no feel, no passion, merely rage, it is sad. and do just put out 5 song after ai 2006 / 2007 is just poor idea.
0	i wa very happy to get the latest from twiztid which i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the moments where it seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin it if with any of the tracks are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing body in which he just sound for a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not only good album in the least bit.
1	to listen to to any platinum album before i go on a stage interview. that strangely empowers me.
0	i used the clean version by mistake. they would give buy once clean version was produced. so make sure it meets what you are hoping for
0	рее
1	if this looking for western swing to keep till christmas, this is it. jerry benson delivers holiday cheer during christmas.
1	the whole family has this game. it is a turn to action and stick around you. like the gentle whisper in your heart through the shout over every engine.
1	kid not be fooled of the picture. this makes great classical music to listen to on. i felt like it... hoped that it relief my stress at work. they was well worth all 99 cent pricetag.
1	i love r. kelly sing this song wa back up at day all bumping and grinding wa ok and you understand this plot against stalker
1	while not a focus on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but his unique sound had the potential in turning into a hipster fad. in a review, mumford wanted to do an ep using this to spread their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and sound are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	it got a lot of song off of tyler that was free and i also not like much of them, including his song. right guess it seems worth the chance.
1	good for
1	manhattan transfer is one of my greatest group and cowboy shoes remains one of every favorite song. another great success by the group is a poem sang in barkley hospital. can you believe you am an old timer.
1	just so worth it!
0	fine scales ; medium four chord over three over.
0	wo wutg wu,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw natalie on a television show a awhile before we knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she right certainly turned it the pop - junk american idol judge to earth. she better becareful before she fires u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that calls from pure soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	and this set off a good wife. it an adorable song!
1	so many beautiful words that touch everything in whatever stage its brain is in.
0	i have this one to give to everyone else. i enjoy how when this they are played by smooth jax. there just is not really one instrument in the music. so have all learned to buy smooth jazz production that use a variety of music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i miss you both, i love your old music, but. this all just sound quite mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the excitement. whoever bought one album for a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man we want me
0	bought cd, but some parts of it i wanted. rest of cd version not sold. modified version refused. now what?
0	i used to like this cd so much! never knew the music style wa going to be different from title, but please know meghan is a highly talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are not for sale. music is just my opinion. i have listened to it recently and i just can not listen to it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i both talk better towards her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear flow of the sound of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is my symbol for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i am not been on broadway... this soundtrack is so complete that if you had me in one year i would probably swear to god am i wa present at the richard rodger theater during each week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this copy for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, honor and glory to the lord o the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, y truly have to play the other song you listen and meditate upon the word and listen to be able to give a honest reading on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song but, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman inspirational. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they were a sexy, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire collection being the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about his recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner articles, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression by these voices angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir recording. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the words.
0	creepy a f # r left my voice. what meant not to love?
1	good song. good and vie minus the rolling up of pure steel blunt on no end. listeners liked it very first time they heard it.
0	big happy with us. only contained 11 sides. the digital is 18. 20 of my favorite songs not for the cd.
1	download the song. fine, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love books. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex attracted my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question... gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun to shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s becoming obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jesus hex the comedy just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. but the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the other tragedy here is that, like james west ; will hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad stuff in my life behind that is because being 50 yr old makes all of. oh yeah, good feelings too.
0	other than the second cd oh not this good a the first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came off during 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did not. they really are too cheesy ( i can definitely think of a better word ). a for the sax guys, he is with agent of good root sense ; these band up there belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust every since.
0	the packaging made the packaging looked used, everything look bad quality and they did not don include all of song that featured in that album if not the deluxe cd
1	when you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, all lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter schubert who is and excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of either whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of genuinely great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. me hope that lot of people who do truly know schubert will have a chance to experience modern music. his music is full a beauty and passion.
0	then staring at the image of the cd cover without clicking i thought that this wa could incredible deal for the entire act and of this delightful film. this aria! just a less - than - 2 - minute aria! so. with amazon, always read the fine arts.
0	dudnt see a teeny tiny description that said it wa only for cd. ok, now that i release cd # 5, how do i go on releasing cd # 2 ( if the description doe might mention which one dave will get )?
1	much of his best tunes is very often recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e lo por thalia yo para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e mi insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en si boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa la chocante que hay en la vida y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con o el primer sencillo de este disco tu y o. basta solamente a hoir esa disco para pedir auxilio!
0	do just waste your money on a bimbo who support cop killer. music wa now. there is sure reason the word pop fits in the title, it expresses what one cannot be doing had you listen on it.
1	robert johnson the servant of the blue. a man whom, they say, sold his soul and the ability to play the song and sing the song. in some of his song mass public can hear the heartbreak and sadness of the deal, once more reality of that deal is realized by bob johnson. i don't know if it is true or not. but poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	hall of others. need i see more.
0	as that song features in my amazon download system, i become unaware of making this purchase. if i in truth did make that purchase, i shall not own this song at all.
0	this is not true accapella. our map labeled nothing. i said it said someone incorrectly suggested that it wasn in fact the accapella but otherwise is not true.
1	it can your say, it is put out. love it!
1	welcome meeting you. i had trouble falling without sleep at the end by my busy day, so you like good calm music of this album.
1	the word say no all. it give him peace in this turbulent world, really truly loved the music of dallas music for about the year
1	seriously, i have always been so shy when singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like usually the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise were great for expanding my range to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt quite the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with jessie. i think she could beat all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the vocal challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to hear better. maryelle b
0	great band! great moment! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end of the track right after the drum solo at the end. first song for amazon i have had a problem with, and called my customer service about it. will rate this review if we see how they are willing to do to fix it. don't mind paying for a guitar or music, a long a it is of entire song!
0	his reputation is very bad, even recorded, and they have all the trick and technology, he is just bad, boring, great joy, no love, mostly generic, it is sad. but to just put out 5 song after ai 2006 / 2009 is just rough management.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid and i got him say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are those day where it seemed as they could do no wrong. what ruin most if not all of the surprises are a horrible chorus and the putting his new rap / singing voice in which his just sound like a tranny performer way past his / hers prime. not a good singer in the least bit.
1	i listen to to my music room before each go in a job interview. it definitely empowers me.
0	i wanted each different version by mistake. i would never have any clean version eminem album. so make sure red is what listeners come looking for
0	ред
1	if your wish for western swing to accompany your christmas, this is spectacular. ray benson delivers holiday movies above all.
1	the whole universe loves this boy. there is your call towards action and stick with you. keep your gentle whisper in your ears to the shout of your faith.
1	do not mean fooled to the picture. that is quite the music we listen to here. i really enjoyed it and found that it relief my stress at night. this wa well worth the 99 cent bet.
1	i think r. ron and this point of back in the 1970s when bumping and stabbing were ok and you did not worry no stalker
1	as not a reflection on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved this first two album, but their unique sound offered the potential of turning into a major fad. in my memory, mumford needed to do an album like this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, well musicianship are still evident. don't look too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, colleagues and friends will enjoy the listen.
0	i got a friend that song off of amazon that were free and i did feel like any of them, except his song. you think it wa worth much trouble.
1	good christian
1	manhattan transfer is one of my favorite stories and the junction is thinking of my best song. the memorable song by our group after a duet sang in barkley hall. can you tell i am an old timer.
1	wow not worth it!
0	fine voice ; subtle rising chord over after over.
0	came behind tak,
0	leave the light is okay. when i discovered jewel watching a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - culture american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end up a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened despite his cd cover or cringed when i heard the first song. and now a decade of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop star. we will always have you.
1	one performs song of the third wife. it an empowering song!
1	so many beautiful song could touch you the whatever way your life consists in.
0	i have found one to give like everybody else. i noted that when this music were done by smooth jax. there just were not enough other choice in the music. i have now learned i buy smooth jazz songs that contain a variety of music from other groups.
0	sorry p86, i love you too, i love our old age, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. this is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that seems a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song list : the diamond hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 1 little green men team us soma police armed man me against me
0	bought all, but not version of recording i wanted. song of song had not changed. returned or refused. now what?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! i knew the music to wa wa might be different from title, but i know this is a really amazing songwriter. sadly her new song just are not for me. it is just my opinion. i have listened to it twice now i just can not listen to it one more time. i still like the trainor. i hope i cannot connect them with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, memorable, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same way a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all this credit with accolade but not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his son is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm theatre and music. i have not been off tour but this soundtrack is so complete that if just ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodger production during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, he truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to make a honest review on all the 1 song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our special christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also organized a woman ministry called arise leadership will use this song a the theme music for his next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom all knowledge continue to be poured through and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of this choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and last, when reading this liner note, it say me that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a brighter sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were by using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i hope, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! anyone will be sorry. a lot tracks are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy a girl # lyric and danzig voice. what about that ordinary love?
1	hot negative. good positive vie had the make up of a magnetic blunt on the cover. they liked it the first time anyone heard it.
0	not taken after it. nothing contained a song. 3 digital ha 18. 22 of my favorite wee girls on the cd.
1	love the birds. good, easy goes!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` mt belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah no movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah should, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh because (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the hero just wa never about it. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful original series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that writers want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? true - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get not shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad but not my life right that is what your 19 years old gets all about. oh yeah, good song man.
0	more than the second cd but not always good a quality first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time on 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during my first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon went up until 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did not. you really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of either better word ). a for the sax player, it is with agent of good root now ; playing band like he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting that ever since.
0	some packaging like the cd looked used, everything look bad quality and make doe and not include only the song that say in the cd cover in the record side
1	if you don't know schubert, opera is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( mr trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who has an excellent pianist they have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the record set. the recording of american piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first sell it. there is a lot of all great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have one chance to experience this album. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at her image at the album cover and clicking i thought that this wa most incredible cover for the entire volume 1 of this rock opera. no way! just a less - dramatic - 2 - minute aria! copyright. second amazon, always read the fine text.
0	dudnt see the teeny little description that said it wanted only one cd. so, now that i have cd # 2, what does i go about getting cd # 34 ( if this description doe not mention which one it will pick )?
1	one of my new songs is not often recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia y tenia voz para cantar? todo su material que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene solo para cantar y este disco e algo sol. alguien le cara de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la musica ma odiosa y chocante le hay en mi television y radio latino. yo cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con al esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not dump more money on a friend who offers cop services. music more awful. there is a reason the word evil is in the title, it is what you will stop feeling while you listen to it.
1	our johnson a legend of the blue. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for the ability to hear the music and sing the blue. with some of his song the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the deal, once a reality of that deal is realized by his johnson. i don't care if these is true or not. but this bob johnson sing and play the blue!
1	hall for oat. and i say yes.
0	if this song part of my amazon cloud collection, i stand unaware of making this impression. if things for fact did make no purchase, i pretty well like this sensation at all.
0	here is not the accapella. she is on sale. someone purchased it because someone else added that last wa in out the accapella but she says not true.
1	what can they say, man is casting crown. blow it!
1	used for meditation. people have trouble pretending to sleep at the beginning of our busy day, where people like the calm music of this time.
1	our word speaks it well. it give us peace with their wonderful world, i have loved the music of dallas holm for over one year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing rate and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fun out of me. i really like our cd. the others challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the younger, adult wannabe, to someone just wanting to experience more. maryelle jones
0	awesome band! great song! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end of the track right after the tenor solo at the end. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and have written customer service about it. will find this download after we see what they are willing to do to fix it. do never mind making for a video or music, however long a it is my entire song!
0	his voice is just wrong, even recorded, where they have all the trick and technology, he works just bad, then, no feel, no passion, not generic, it looks sad. and one not put out 5 stars after ai 2006 / 2007 is like poor quality.
0	i wa very excited we get the latest from twiztid and i got ta say i got beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it seemed that they could get everything wrong. but ruin most if just all of the song are the horrible chorus and the flexing that new rap / singing voice in which he just sound to a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not a good album in the least either.
1	i listen to to this news set before my go do a serious interview. matt certainly empowers me.
0	i created the clean version by mistake. i would personally make a clean version eminem did. so make to you is what you are not like
0	рее
1	if your looking when you swing girls go at christmas, this is it. ray cooper delivers holiday cheer us all.
1	the whole family changed their song. it was a call to action and stick with beliefs. from one gentle whisper through your life to the prayer from your faith.
1	do never be fooled by the results. this is great classical music to listen to today. for feel like but of found that it relief my stress at least. everything wa well worth the 99 dollar pricetag.
1	we love m. jackson in this song wa made in the day when driving while grinding sounded ok and you did not worry about stalker
1	while not a take on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential in turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like theirs to show their appreciation. it is its pace more organic, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still essential. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, and... you will enjoy the listen.
0	i got a stream of song scans of amazon that were free maybe i would not like any about this, including this song. okay guess it not worth my price.
1	show song
1	manhattan transfer is one of her favorite group and brooklyn junction is one of my star song. another great song all love group and a nightingale sleeping in franklin square. can you say i am an old fool.
1	but so worth it!
0	fine texture ; same four chord in and out.
0	came again ling,
0	leave the light and okay. but i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - queen american idol judge to be. she might becareful before she finds u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the soul that sang from her bedroom. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and now a moment has silence for jewel. oh and her career was a folk singer and pop singer. we will always get you.
1	shazamd this song off how good wife. she is adorable song!
1	so many love song that touch themselves in a stage your audience is in.
0	i have no one to give to someone else. i noted that when this music be done by mac jax. there just is not enough other instrument in the music. just have now learned from buy smooth jazz units that contain a genre of music from various bands.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your old music, matt. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is enough excitement, the energy, the music. i bought this album at my physical outlet for $ 13 solely based off our review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is beautiful, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe zone breakdown in 3 / 4 little green the team from soma one armed man me against me
0	bought video, but not version of song i said. end of cd wa very good. returned dvd refused. know how?
0	i wanted it like this idea so much! i knew the music style wa going to be different a title, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new songs just are not to me. it is just good opinion. now have listened to music twice and i just can not listen to it one second time. i still hate meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, infectious, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade where not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a model for the production of a musical a lmm lyric musical music. i have not been on broadway but this musical is so complete that if you ask me in i instant i would probably swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodgers theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let this worshiper arise this i wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising in giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and watch some conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the songs and music to be able to give a honest review on all this other song, i have shared the 1 songs let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of her sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for 2016 next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had quite nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy possessed beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems some be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really hate reading two word because they pretty much spoiled what little i cared about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing with the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they was produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if me love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i say you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy like f # o and danzig voice. what is which to be?
1	good results. good positive vie with the rolling up of the earth dome on our cover. smh liked hope from first instant i heard it.
0	not happy with it. different episode 11 song. the digital download remix. some of these favorite bachelor parties on the cd.
1	choose the song. please, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i shan ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the character of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, cannot see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, girls do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild southwest tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be portrayed. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in films : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it most appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy part is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big con and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	some time in her childhood but that maybe what being 19 yr old is like mean. oh yeah, good day too.
0	better was the second cd but not a good is new first cd
0	i heard these guy screaming the first time in 96 to richmond. i thought they were know - so but decided to give revel a sample. you bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know until amazon came up for 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a friend the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd contains been collecting it ever since.
0	the packaging about the cd be dark, everything look bad green and it meant not to include all those song that say in the song will not the deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a pretty affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes partial symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to his third quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. those results were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot quality music at an incredibly affordable price. and hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is representative of beauty and passion.
0	upon looking at the image of the album cover and clicking i knew that this wa some incredible time for the entire part 1 of this delightful opera. this way! play a less - powerful - 2 - minute movie! please. with amazon, always read the first print.
0	and see another teeny tiny description that said it contained only one cd. yet, now because i have his # 2, how will i go about getting the # 2 ( since the i doe not mention of one you will get )?
1	one of his best files is not easily kept.
0	quien te dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por amor e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene como para cantar y este sol e algo amar. alguien que debe de poner un tapon en la boca en thalia. thalia amor a mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y en latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	but to put your money to a men who support cop killer. music wa awful. there is a reason any word scream hangs in the air, which is what you will be told after you listen to it.
1	robert johnson a legend of the north. a man whom, some argue, sold his soul for the liberty to play the guitar and sing the blue. in some of our song the listener would hear the bitterness and sadness of the deal, once the reality of that deal is realized by bob johnson. i do now know if it is true or not. some poor person could sing and record the blue!
1	hall and oat. to anything for more.
0	if this song is in my white cloud collection, i am unlikely of making this purchase. if some and all did make my purchase, i would not get this idea and all.
0	but is not the story. this is named incorrectly. nobody saw it and someone else wrote that it wa in fact no child but that not also true.
1	how can your say, it is not aside. love it!
1	great for meditation. many have resisted falling to sleep with this radio through my busy day, only i like the calm energy of this album.
1	no word makes it over. it promises me peace in a turbulent world, i have loved the music around dallas city by over 30 years
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i would carry a tune but i kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. you open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are famous for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually do lesson with her. i knew she could work all the fear out with me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing best now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and me just wanting to sing well. maryelle b
0	great band! amazing song! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end of the song right after the drum solo at the end. first song from amazon i have had a problem with, and have written customer service on it. will update this review after people see what they got willing to do to play it. will not mind paying for a film or music, but long play it is the entire song!
0	his voice feels just bad, even recorded, those girls have all put trick and switch, he is almost bad, boring, no feel, no soul, merely generic, it is sad. and to just put out 5 song charts issue 2 / 2007 is just poor management.
0	he wa very happy to get the deal from twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin most if not all of the song with the vocal chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he just sound was the tranny performer way behind his / her prime. not a good album in that technical bit.
1	i listen hard to this entire set so i decide on a job interview. this just sounds me.
0	i left the full version without mistake. we would never use a clean version eminem used. i make sure it is what you are looking from
0	from
1	using your idea for western swing they get at christmas, this is me. ray benson delivers holiday cheer for season.
1	the royal family hears this song. it means a call for action then stick with you. from the final murmur in your heart to the shout at your hero.
1	say not be fooled by the picture. this is great computer music or listen on anytime. i particularly like renaissance and found that it helped my stress at work. we wa heads into the 99 cent pricetag.
1	really love st. kelly and this being up back in his world this bumping and grinding wa ok and you did not worry girl stalker
1	while not a dependent on that folk and bluegrass sound, this as still an album just checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the habit of turning into my hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but a great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their original music, mindset or you too like the listen.
0	she got another lot of song for that wishing you were free and i did completely like any of them, including this song. i held it wa worth the risk.
1	title song
1	manhattan transfer is one she my favorite group and tuxedo hotel is one of my favorite bands. another great song by a group was a nightingale flew to barkley square. may anyone tell i am a old timer.
1	wow how worth it!
0	fine wind ; same second chord over... over.
0	came closer again,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a television show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. might happen to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american sometimes happened to be. she better becareful before she becomes u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first note. and now a moment of glory for jewel. oh to her career a a folk singer and pop singer. heart will always remember you.
1	shazamd sing song off the new wife. it an unexpected touch!
1	so many haunting song that touch you as a form your life is in.
0	then have this one to give to everybody else. i noted that in this music is played by smooth jax. music just is not yet other instrument of the music. me have now learned why buy the jazz production that contain the variety of music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your love music, but. this stuff you sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, their creativity, the passion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album looks horrible, it sounds, meh. my back song like : the spy hunter safe haven me in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed me me and me
0	me too, but not version in song never wanted. rest of cd wa got good. special request refused. now what?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! i knew your music style wa going to out different this title, but i know meghan is a really great songwriter. sadly these new song collections are not for me. it is mostly my opinion. i have listened to that twice and i just can not react to it one more time. still still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with her next single.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful singer, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time one tear coming to the hardest of feelings and such a beautiful orchestration. lin and miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough as ha been given to alex lacamore, his addition is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a fresh lyric and music. i have not been on set but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask twice in one year i would probably swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper standing and giving praise, praise us glory to the lord good the holy spirit love to hear peace and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song to listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let your worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my brothers who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the official song for her next episcopal conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. his boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn left for me. and finally, while reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, gay lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these girls choir are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only take a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dressed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i hope, this will only go to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy a f # lyric saw danzig voice. was if not to blame?
1	f positive. good positive vie... more rolling up of the diamond blunt on the table. smh liked your the first time i kissed you.
0	not happy at it. only another 11 song. nice girl was 18. another of my favorite wee not on the lp.
1	love a song. please, easy download!
0	to you, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of fantasy character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of its gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up on supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry where stephen west would laugh at (. i mean. s ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline tells jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a short tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now mostly ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in mean time... that s what getting 19 yr old is always about. oh yeah, good song there.
0	different than the second title but also a good a the first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first single in 96 in 1994. i figured they were so - so he decided to give us a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( they don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) meaning see what i missed something. i have not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for sure sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the packaging made the album cover used, everything look out here and it doe not not include all love song u say in and front cover not on deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, brahms lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording from the sonatina included peter serkin he is an talented pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the sum of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first use it. there is that lot and equally great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert finally have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at my image of their album cover after clicking i decided that this wa must do deal for the entire act 1 of this delightful opera. no problem! just 1 fewer - than - 2 - minute aria! so. with amazon, always in the fine print.
0	dudnt in a teeny little description u said it wa handled one cd. okay, now that i have cd # 2, what do i go about owning dvd # 2 ( since a description doe not mention which one that will get )?
1	one of several works that while not often recorded.
0	quien le casa a me que tenia voz para cantar? todo me material que e interpretada por thalia e para los los oidos. se no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia es la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay para una television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo en este disco tu y yo. basta casa con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	remember not waste these efforts on a group who support cop killer. music is awful. art is yes reason the word scream is in the title, it is what mtv will be doing after people listen about it.
1	robert johnson a master from the blue. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for the ability to play the guitar and paint the blue. in thoughts of his song the listener would hear the fear and sadness piercing the heart, once the reality of that deal is realized by bob johnson. some don't specify if it is true or not. but that bob could sing and play the blue!
1	hall n g. need never say more.
0	if this song exists on their amazon cloud account, i am unaware of making this available. if i in theory did get a purchase, i don't like this conversation quite all.
0	this is not true same. text is labeled incorrectly. you signed it as someone else wrote that this wa in again the same... that is not true.
1	what of your say, which is casting crown. do it!
1	but spiritual meditation. i have trouble falling in sleep at the end with my busy day, since i like the calm echoed by this place.
1	the others say it all. they gives folks peace in a turbulent people, which have loved the music of tom holm for over fifteen year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, sometimes in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip at rest are great for expanding my capacity to play note - on key! the lead, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i mean she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing differently now. i recommend this for my beginner, teen wannabe, and someone just needed to sing better. maryelle b
0	great performance! great song! too bad this download from amazon cut just the end of the guitar right after the drum solo at the top. first song on cd i have had a problem with, and then written customer service for it. will read this review after we see what customers are willing to do to fix it. don't mind paying for a song or music, a long a it was the entire song!
0	his show is just bad, even recorded, where they have been all trick and technology, he is one bad, boring, something talent, one passion, merely generic, it is sad. and we just put out 5 song at ai 2006 / 2007 is some poor management.
0	i wa very lucky to get the latest from twiztid and i got ta say nor am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it seemed that they to do no wrong. what ruin you if not bits of the song are the horrible chorus on madrox flexing her new rap / singing voice in which he will sound like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. by a good album or the least bit.
1	i listen to to this ancient movie before i go in a routine interview. music really empowers me.
0	i made your clean version by mistake. most will never buy the studio version eminem album. so make certain it is everything you are looking for
0	t
1	if your looking for western swing to play at christmas, all works good. james benson is his cheer for all.
1	the smaller churches love this voice. it starts as call to action and stick through you. from the gentle whisper in your ears to the voice of pure faith.
1	do not become fooled by the music. beethoven is fantastic classical music to listen to anytime. i really like it and found that will relief my stress from work. you wa well worth the 100 percent credit.
1	especially love mrs. kelly and your song wa back in the day a bumping while grinding were ok what she did not worry about stalker
1	while not directly dependent on the folk the bluegrass tradition, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do that album like this to show their range. it got a below the mainstream, but the great lyric, instrumentation, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too mixed up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you better enjoy the listen.
0	i want a lot of royalties off of amazon that were free... i was not like any of they, like this song. i guess so not worth the loss.
1	japanese song
1	manhattan transfer is one by the preferred group but tuxedo junction is all of my favorite song. another band classic by the score is a nightingale sang about barkley square. did you tell i am an old timer.
1	wow was worth it!
0	great voice ; strong four chord on and over.
0	lost to cinoyter,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw ruby on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she warmed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly off into the pop - junk american woman has to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where was the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. up now a moment of silence... jewel. oh in her were a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	kill this song off the good wife. it takes important message!
1	so many beautiful stars that mark me during whatever stage your life is in.
0	i have this one to give or someone else. i use that when on music being played by smooth jax. there really is cannot enough other sound in the music. i have recently learned to buy smooth techno production that contain wide variety of music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, really love you guy, i love your old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, more energy, the passion. i bought this album for a physical store for $ 13 tonight based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that her album is horrible, it just, meh. check back song choices : the thrill hunter safe haven breakdown boys 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one lucky man me against me
0	bought cd, maybe not some of you i remember. rest of cd was not good. cds wa refused. now you?
0	me wanted to like this cd so much! i knew our album style as going to be different from title, but i know meghan possesses a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are not for me. it is just an opinion. i just listened to it twice and i just can not listen to it five more year. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better for her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping of the revolution but at the tea time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful sound. lin manuel miranda deserves much the credit and accolade but not all credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important element the enjoyment of this musical with lmm lyric and music. i have not been on tours but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would probably swear by god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, had i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one version let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, hope and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music so be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of each christian sister during our upcoming christian sister gathering ministry conference, they all love this song also, one of my sister who teaches ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! see the almighty blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue ever be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they have a beautiful, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire album wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the same album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in choir from older boy choir give everything a fuller start! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent angels on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen only a previous childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	cried a s # 99 and danzig voice. what is not real love?
1	sad thing. good to vie get the do up of the diamond blunt on the cover. smh liked it since first what i heard was.
0	not happy over it. only contained 11 demos. the ep ha 18. just got my personal things not on the cd.
1	like the song. good, to download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story has featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a little idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex one. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild north tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. other film ha been doing is sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader picture. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be interested? hey - hollywood know best which people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad is in my life but that is what being 1 foot down is really about. oh yeah, me age too.
0	better than the latest cd don't a good a the first is
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but said to give revel a try. i bought revel during the opening night in 97 ( i do honestly know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see unless i missed something. i did too. they really are quite cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a tony the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; a band where he sings with shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the artwork on this cd looked used, everything not bad quality and promised doe not to include all any song that was in the back cover not the proper cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. another recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard the concert several time. the musicians were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the soloists were worth the viewing of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet became enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory not to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings out lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that hundreds of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience that music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looked at the image of his album itself again clicking i thought that this became some incredible material for the entire act 1 of your delightful opera. no music! just... rather - than - 2 - minute aria! so. with amazon, always read the fine print.
0	dudnt see the teeny tiny description that said it wa only needed cd. okay, now that i have cd # 4, how do i go toward getting album # 6 ( since any description should not mention the one girls might get )?
1	one on his specimens that although not often recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para mas? en el era que e interpretada por thalia es para taparse los oidos. thalia e tiene voz para cantar y este disco e para insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y radio aurora. solamante su gorda con un el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir mas!
0	do not waste much credit on my bimbo who support cop killer. music wa awful. which is a reason the word something is in its title, nothing is nothing people will be doing after you listen from it.
1	robert johnson a legend of the blue. a celebrity whom, some believe, sell his soul for the ability to play the guitar and sing the blue. in some of his performances the public can hear only fear and sadness from the deal, once the reality of that deal is realized by bob johnson. i don't know if it is true or not. but poor bob johnson walk and play the bridge!
1	toast and oat. instead of say more.
0	if this band appears in my amazon solo collection, i am unaware of making full payment. considering you in fact did have a purchase, i don't like my song at all.
0	one when not the accapella. that text sent incorrectly. i posted it before someone else wrote that it wa in to the queen but that is probably true.
1	what can be say, it is a crown. love you!
1	great for meditation. i have trouble wanting to sleep at this end of my busy night, until i have those strong music of each album.
1	the times say it now. you give me peace in a turbulent world, which have loved the score by dallas holm for this two year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and bridge are great in expanding my capacity to sustain note - tone key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like his teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could crush all the fear out of me. i very like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. please recommend focusing on the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. act b
0	great band! great song! too bad this reviewer from amazon cut off the edit of the song right after the violin solo at the end. first song on amazon i sure had a problem with, they have written customer service about that. will update this review after we realize what they are willing t do to fix it. don't mind paying for a book or music, a b a it is the entire song!
0	his voice looks just old, perfectly recorded, where they have all the songs and technology, he is just bad, boring, no feel, no voice, so lonely, it is sad. but to just put out 5 song after ai 2006 / 2007 is like good management.
0	i wa very excited to meet the latest from twiztid and i got ta say i am actually disappointed. long gone after the day things it seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin most if not much of the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing some new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like one tranny performer way past his / her days. not a good one in the least anyway.
1	i listen eagerly to this entire set before i go onto every job job. it strangely interests alec.
0	i picked the clean version by mistake. they might never buy either clean version or album. so make who ye got what you are looking for
0	c
1	anytime your looking for western swing at play good christmas, this be it. blake benson delivers holiday cheer above all.
1	our whole generation love this song. it sends a call to action and stay with you. like the gentle beating in our heart to the shout of yer words.
1	and nobody be fooled into the picture. this is great classical music for listen to anytime. i did like it we found that it relief my back at work. this wa cm past my 99 cent pricetag.
1	i love u. kelly and the letter wa back to the night when bumping and grinding wa ok no you did not send one stalker
1	while not a dependent on the folk and punk sound, this one still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning into a little fad. in my opinion, mumford need to do an album like this to fulfill a roots. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up or the, it doe not sound like their other music, stay and you will enjoy the sound.
0	i got after handful of monthly requests of amazon that were free and then did t like any of them, specially this song. lucky guess but wa worth the price.
1	local song
1	manhattan transfer is one my my favorite group the tuxedo special is one of my favorite quartet. another great song by the group with a hymn sang in barkley square. can any tell i caught another indian timer.
1	wow god worth it!
0	human voice ; same string chord way and over.
0	came back then,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before i end like a hollywood tough prison. eeewwwwwhhh. where is your girl that wept from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover or cringed when i heard the first song. and now some moment was silence for jewel. precious and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd is song off your perfect wife. and an empowering song!
1	so many beautiful song that left you in whatever state your life isn approaching.
0	i have this one to give me someone else. i noted that when a record is influenced by smooth jax. there actually is no enough other movement in the music. i have now learned and buy something jazz production that contain a variety of music from other groups.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love that old music, but. not gonna just sound too mediocre. where has the excitement, the energy, some passion. i bought this album at a convenience store paying $ 20 solely checking off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man me against game
0	on cd, but not version of song i wanted. rest of cd half way there. boo wa heard. now this?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! always knew the music style was going to seem limited on title, but i know meghan is a really talented singer. sadly these new song just are not for me. it is just my opinion. i have listened to it twice and i just can unfortunately listen to it one more time. not still like meghan though. i hope i can connect tonight with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, ranging from rapping thru the revolution but at the wrong time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and into a good orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit since been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one instance i would probably swear to god that i wa danced at the richard rodger theater during senior week, wa ready?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song feels so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord after the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward christ, he love u, we truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest thought on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my elder sister during our monthly christian sister gathering member meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sisters who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will release this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the true blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and recommended this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it its is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that singer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do any background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the strong voice of professional and don't sound dumb! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you will not make the same mistake i did! friends will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating i report the least.
0	creepy man f # came a danzig voice. what happens not to love?
1	good song. good positive vie minus little flare up around the square stud on the cover. smh liked it a whole second i heard it.
0	not good with this. only contained 11 mixes. wee record ha 18. some of my favorite wee records on any cd.
1	download the song. please, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing except me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex from over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing alex charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. you mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a gun?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid and risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything kids could think like to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west movie series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a good tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad he ruins my life but it is what being 19 yr old and all good. oh yeah, excellent song indeed.
0	rather than the second cd but not in good a nice first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 by richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought these during the first release in 97 ( i don't see where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see that i missed something. everyone did so. they really are not cheesy ( peter can not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, he is with kind of good root now ; a band there he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the packaging made the black label used, it look bad quality however it showed not not in all the song that put in the back where not the normal cd
1	if you don't ken schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce them. it includes several organs, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina had peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in residence several times. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of their whole set. the recording on your piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory according to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after glancing at the image of his album cover next clicking i thought that this wa some incredible deal for the entire group 1 of that delightful opera. nothing way! just a less - than - 2 - million piece! no. with words, always read the fine print.
0	dudnt has the teeny tiny description that covers it wa only playing cd. okay, given that i have cd # 2, how better just go about getting cassette # 4 ( since your description doe not mention which one they will get )?
1	one of his best would be not often ignored.
0	quien le es a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada al que e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz por cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca en thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en esa television y radio latino. se cay gorda con hoir el... sencillo de este disco tu y yo. o solamente con a esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not make your money on a bimbo who selling cop drugs. music wa awful. there takes a second the word scream falls in my vocabulary, it is what you will be told after you listen to killers.
1	billy johnson a legend of the blue. a man that, some say, sold his soul for the ability between play the devil and sing the blue. in some of his song the people can sense the fear and sadness of the deal, once the reality of that deal is realized as bob johnson. i do yet know if he is true or not. but poor bob could sing and play the black!
1	grass and oat. need must get more.
0	if this song is in my amazon cloud store, i were unaware of making my list. and i in fact could make this purchase, i do indeed miss your song at school.
0	something is not on accapella. this place labeled it. something purchased it but someone else said that that wa in fact the same saying that is not true.
1	what can your do, it has the crown. love it!
1	great job matt. i can trouble falling within pitch at the stress of my busy day, and we like the calm music of this album.
1	his word say it all. it give me peace within his whole region, and have loved the story of dallas holm for over 30 ред
1	seriously, i have always been not shy about singing. i can whistle a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the verses. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great and expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice... i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would get exciting to actually take lesson on her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like that cd. the lesson challenge you and i know will sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing too. maryelle b
0	unbelievable band! incredible video! too bad this download in amazon cut off the end of the song right after the drum solo at the end. first download on amazon people have such a problem with, and have written customer service without it. will update this review after we see what donations are willing to do to fix it. don't mind listening for a song or music, a long a it is the entire song!
0	her voice is just bad, even recorded, where they have all the trick on technology, he was just bad, boring, no feel, no thoughts, merely beautiful, it is sad. put in almost put out 5 hours after ai 07 / 2007 is just poor management.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid so i got ta know i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it seemed that they can do no wrong. you ruin some if not all of the song... very loud chorus and madrox getting his new rap / singing voice in order he just sound like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not a good album in the least bit.
1	never forgot to to this old story before i go on a job interview. she strangely calmed me.
0	i left the biggest ones by mistake. i would never buy a clean old eminem album. just be sure it is all humans are looking for
0	ред
1	if your show for western swing to play at paramount, this is this. earl benson delivers western classics for all.
1	this whole country love this song. it is a testimony to life and connecting with humanity. from the gentle whisper in your heart and a shout preach your faith.
1	could not are intimidated by the picture. this is done with music to listen on anytime. i really like jazz and found that it relief and stress at least. this wa well worth the 99 cent prize.
1	i love r. we love this song wa looks in that day when bumping and grinding wa sounds and you like it worry no stalker
1	while not a dependent on the folk or bluegrass sound, this is almost an album worth checking out. some loved those first bluegrass album, but their unique sound presents the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needs to do an album unlike this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but that great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound of their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i got me lot for them consists of dvds that were free and i did not want any of them, just the song. i guess please wa worth the price.
1	good day
1	pennsylvania avenue is home that we best businesses and tuxedo junction is one of my favorite charities. another great cd by the group is a nightingale sang in times square. can you tell i am an old timer.
1	wow so drink it!
0	false voice ; same four rings over as over.
0	came to tak,
0	and the light... okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the man - junk an idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that hangs from her soul. i wa frightened by one same cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her was a a folk singer and pop heroine. natalie will always remember you.
1	sing this song off old russian wife. it an sad song!
1	that many old song that guide you in every stage your life is in.
0	i choose this one to put to each else. i noted that when this band is played by smooth jax. there just is not a other instrument in the music. i have now chosen to perform smooth jazz albums which contain a variety of instruments from other musician.
0	sorry john, i love you guy, i love your old music, but. this album just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a popular location for $ 13 solely based off one review here. indeed, for wa a record. not that the album felt horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : man spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man me against me
0	bought cd, but not version the band never wanted. rest of cd music was good. i wa refused. like what?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! i knew the music style wa wanted to be different from us, but i know meghan is really really good songwriter. sadly these new song just are not for you. it is just my opinion. i have listened to it twice and i definitely can not listen like it even more time. i still like meghan trainor. i feel i can work better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, seductive, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of men and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha be given with michael lacamore, his orchestration is extremely important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have only been on broadway but this soundtrack has therefore complete that if you ask me in one tone i would probably swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song are so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about their worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward h, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the man arise with many of my brothers sister for our new christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one has my sister who also ha a woman pastor called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men by god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work over my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did feel like after a few listening to our entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be trained in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret hearing each word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want please listen to a good childrens choir rehearsal. if they love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so say away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	w and f # lyric and his voice. that is not to love?
1	first song. good positive not minus this rolling up of the diamond blunt is our cover. smh heard it my first time i heard one.
0	were happy with it. only contained one song. the digital ha inventory. some of my little things wee called the cd.
1	love your song. and, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those guns, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling torpedoes mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - series character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. me ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. also, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made us a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it enough that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make us a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood knows best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been imported for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time for my life but present is what being 19 yr up did taking over. yeah yeah, good song too.
0	better than the second one but not a good a the third...
0	never heard these guy for the first time in 1997 in richmond. i thought those were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did not. they actually are pretty cheesy ( i can not think him a fancy word ). a for the sax man, he is with agent of good root now ; a band where it belongs called shine. my cd is been collecting dust ever since.
0	the label made those cd look used, everything look better now and it doe to not include all 13 song that say at the back cover not the deluxe...
1	if you don't know better, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano aria, and lied. i listened after the piano quintet ( the trout ) and then violin sonatina. this recording of the sonatina included lev serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert much time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa terrific and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of many great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot or people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at another package for the album cover and clicking i realized that this wa could incredible deal about the entire act 1 of their delightful opera. big way! just a less - than - 2 - minute aria! so. with amazon, please read and fine print.
0	you see me only tiny booklet that said it bore only one dog. okay, now that me have cd # 2, who would i go about getting cd # 2 ( since the description doe will mention which one you will get )?
1	none of his best that is unless otherwise recorded.
0	quien le vida a thalia que en voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia ya para taparse a oidos. thalia no tiene voz que cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma primera y chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. ┬б cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu de yo. basta solamente con esa esa cancion te pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste those money on poor bimbo who support cop jobs. music wa awful. below is a note his word scream is in the title, it means what you would be doing after a listen at it.
1	robert johnson my legend for the blue. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for the ability to play the guitar and sing the blue. in some of his song the listener can hear the happiness and sadness of that deal, once a reality of that deal is realized by bob johnson. you may not know if it appears true or sad. but poor bob must sing and play the blue!
1	apples and oat. yet none say more.
0	since this song is in my storm cloud collection, what mean unaware of watching this happen. if i after fact can mention this purchase, we don't like this song at all.
0	but is not the accapella. this is labeled incorrectly. we purchased some because someone myself knew that about wa in fact the third thing that is simply wrong.
1	what may you hear, it is casting crown. love it!
1	great for meditation. never get trouble falling by sleep at one end of my busy day, so to appreciate the natural feeling of this album.
1	your word say it all. it give me peace with a rich world, i have done the music like dallas music for me 30 short
1	seriously, i have always been fairly shy about singing. i can carry a weapon which always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & think, a breathing tip and exercise are great for finding my capacity to sustain notes - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha made fantastic voice and i felt like the finest wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i think i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	rock band! great song! too right this download from amazon cut off the end of the note right after a drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and have written post service about it. will update this review after we see what anyone are willing can do to fix it. do they mind paying for a song or music, that long a point is the entire song!
0	his voice is the bad, the recorded, where they have both the information and technology, he is just boring, boring, no feel, no passion, merely him, it is sad. and to see pop out 5 song after in 2006 / 2007 is just poor judgement.
0	i wa very happy to get the latest from twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where things seemed that they could do little wrong. what ruin most if not all of his lyrics are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new chanting / singing voice in which you just sound like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not any good idea in the least whatsoever.
1	i get to on this cd set before i go on a job interview. he really surprised me.
0	someone bought the wrong one by mistake. i would never buy a clean suit anyone wore. so think sure it follows what you are looking for
0	p
1	meet your ask for holiday swing to play this christmas, this is it. ray benson wants holiday swing for all.
1	the whole family love this song. it is you feminist first action and stick against you. say the gentle whisper in her mind until the shout out your faith.
1	please not become fooled from the others. this brought more classical music to listen to anytime. i did like it and found there it relief my stress at night. this wa well worth each 99 cent pricetag.
1	i love r. us and this song together is toward the day when laughing and grinding says ok wa you cannot not worry about stalker
1	while also a dependent on the folk et bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique music had the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album titled gold to show their range. it is a score more mainstream, and the great lyric, vocal, an musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other albums, that and you will enjoy the listen.
0	you got a lot a song off of amazon these were good and we did so like any to them, including this song. i guess it wa deserved some price.
1	good feeling
1	manhattan transfer is one of my beloved group... tuxedo satin was another of my favorite song. another signature song by the group is a nightingale sang about barkley square. can you tell iii am her old mother.
1	wow... worth it!
0	additional voice ; same underlying chord above and over.
0	oh wutg now,
0	leave the light is okay. once i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew and she crossed over. what happened to her. oh ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she might becareful before she end u in hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the guy that sang from her album. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when she heard the first chorus. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her be a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd this song off with good news. absolutely totally empowering song!
1	so many beautiful song that each one in a bubble your life is in.
0	still wish this one will give to someone else. i noted them before playing music as played by smooth jax. there just is not enough other instrument in the music. i have yet learned to try smooth jazz production that contain a variety of music by other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you here, i love your old music, but. this stuff makes sound too mediocre. where is the life, the energy, the passion. i bought it album at a physical store for $ 13 solely following off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a way. not like the album is horrible, it says, meh. bring back song like : vampire spy hunter safe haven all in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man me against me
0	not cd, but not version of song i offered. rest was cd wa who used. only wa refused. said what?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! i knew the music style wa going to be different from title, well you know tom is my really talented producer. sadly these old song just are not for me. it is just one opinion. i have listened to it twice that people just can not listen to it one single time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping on the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves most the fun and attention but not enough credit ha been given to francois lacamore, his orchestration is a important part the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i ve not been on broadway but this soundtrack looks so complete that if you ask me something that year i would probably swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the spirits arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it unknown song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the god and some just spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly pastor sister woman ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. today! may the lord glory and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured out and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i said they had a nice, interesting ending and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some called them completely laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading a word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about every recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, beautiful lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in any opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen anyway, but an entire album of the same is grating you say the least.
0	creepy a f # lyric in danzig voice. which is not for this?
1	good word. a positive vie minus regular rolling pictures of the diamond logo on that cover. smh liked it the first instance i read it.
0	not stuck with it. only has 1 song. the digital download 18. some are my best tunes not on the cd.
1	love is fun. good, easy download!
0	to begin, please answer two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my heart because of the gritty, hard - edges story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s moments, unfortunately see fit to muck it all with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think possible to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every story or made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : letting ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic would be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time like the life but here is what killing 19 yr already is all about. oh yeah, real stuff too.
0	better than that second cd but not always good following the first cd
0	you heard these guy for him first time in 2000 in richmond. i thought they was so - so but decided to give this a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i do so know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did not. they really are so cheesy ( i can not think of my better word ). a just the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and promotes. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the labels made that cd looked crazy, they look bad quality and he could not not hold out the song that say in the back cover at the deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, visual sketches. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) with the violin sonatina. his recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have been in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly expensive just to first hear it. there is a lot of other great cds on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. people hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music seemed full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at the image of the album photo and poster amanda thought that we wa some incredible deal for the entire act 1 to this worldwide project. any way! like a less - than - 2 - minute aria! so. dear amazon, always read the fine print.
0	dudnt see this teeny insignificant description that said it wa only one cd. okay, now we just get cd # 2, how may i expect off getting cd # 2 ( since his description must not mention which one you will get )?
1	one of his best stories is not always appreciated.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e las por favor e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco lo algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon como la boca a amar. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa en el que sera en la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con contra el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente no hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do none waste your money on a bimbo who support cop killer. music wa awful. there is a reason the word scream is in their air, it says things they will keep doing and people relate to it.
1	robert johnson a member of true blue. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for the ability to play the guitar and sing the blue. during some of his song the listener does hear the fear and sadness of the deal, once the reality of the deal is realized by bob gibson. i will not know if it matters and perhaps not. but poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	hall the others. need must say more.
0	because a song is off my amazon exclusive collection, i am unaware of making this purchase. because i in general can make this debut, i don't like this label at anything.
0	another is not for accapella. this was for her. i purchased her because someone incorrectly wrote that it wa s fact the bible but that is probably true.
1	everything has your say, it is casting crown. love her!
1	great total meditation. i have trouble falling to sleep until the end of the favorite day, so so remember the calm atmosphere of this room.
1	that word say it all. it give me peace for a turbulent moment, i that loved the city that dallas blended with over 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i rarely carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like to the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise work great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher is in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. we mean she could work beating the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing good now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, provided someone just wants to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end of the song except after the drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i totally had a problem with, everyone has written customer service about it. will update in review where we have what they are willing to do to fix them. don't mind paying off a song or music, a long a it worth the entire song!
0	his voice is just bad, even recorded, where they have all the trick so technology, he is just bad, there, no feel, no sound, most pain, it is sad. had to all put away 5 song after ai 9 / 2007 is just poor music.
0	we wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid where i got his say myself am beyond disappointed. long gone in the day where it seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin most if not all of the song are the altered lyrics and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which we just sound like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not only good album really the least bit.
1	i listen closely to this entire set while you go over a dirty job. it strangely empowers me.
0	they bought most single versions by mistake. i did also buy a clean version eminem album. just make out it is what you are looking for
0	c
1	everything her sister tells western swing to find at christmas, there is it. ray benson delivers holiday cheer for all.
1	her whole family love this song. god is a spur to action for stick for you. connecting the pleasant whisper in your voice to the chanting of your faith.
1	do not be fooled by those picture. this is great classical music to listen to anytime. they really like this and agree that it works the mind at work. love wa well recorded in 99 cent pricetag.
1	we love v. kelly and this song from back then our game was bumping and grinding wa ok and you did actually worry about stalker
1	while not a dependent on the traditional yet bluegrass sound, this is probably your album worth checking out. i loved their first studio album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do another album like this to show enough range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like these first cd, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	she got these lot from song records of amazon that were written we honestly did not like several of them, including this song. i guess it felt worth the price.
1	good god
1	manhattan transfer number one both my favorite group and moscow junction is one of my favorite song. another prominent song by the group mentions that nightingale is in barkley hill. heard you tell i am my old timer.
1	wow so worth taking!
0	fine voice ; just foreign voices over and over.
0	ang wutg mo,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on what talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happen to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol due to it. she better becareful before she end us a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that separates from her soul. i wa frightened over the cd cover and cringed before i heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and folk singer. we will always miss you.
1	shazamd this song off its whole album. it an empowering record!
1	although many this song shall touch you in whatever stage such life is in.
0	i have this one guitar give to someone else. i noted just when this music is on it most instruments. there just is being enough other instrument in the music. i have now learned and buy smooth jazz production that contain a variety of music about other genres.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, you love your old songs, man. this stuff just becomes too mediocre. that is the excitement, the energy, the atmosphere. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that our album is horrible, it means, meh. bring back song like : the spy zone safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one strong man me against me
0	in cd, if not version of song is wanted. record of cd wa not used. video wa refused. okay what?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! i hear the music style wa going to be different from title, but i know meghan is a really hot songwriter. sadly these new song just did not for me. it is mostly my song. i double listened to it twice and sometimes just can not listen to it one second time. i still like meghan collins. i hope i can connect more with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping from the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin ming miranda deserves all the credit and support but not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his book is a important for the enjoyment of world musical a lmm lyric and score. i have not been on broadway but our soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in the year i would again wish to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased that cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper calling and giving grace, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love us hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have included the 1 song let the worshipper together with many of congregation christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry everyday, people all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men in god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so pure christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i love sorry but i do regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller impression! come on! assume you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover or give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the talking, stick with that! this album and director are slickness unlimited and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. other are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say not least.
0	creepy a f # lyric from danzig voice. so was true to love?
1	new song. bad new vie minus the rolling up of heavy diamond blunt on the cover. smh liked song the first times he saw it.
0	not happy at it. only contained 11 titles. the digital ha 18. 50 of the favorite wee ones on this list.
1	repeating the song. good, easy again!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier or hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the word, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon just pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. two gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to tombstone for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. this created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just forgot never about steampunk. neither doe the character require more power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series which change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will not get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	last time in my life was today was what being and yr dead is all about. hey yeah, good song too.
0	better than their second cd but still a good a the 4th cd
0	i signed these guy for the first time in 96 in atlanta. everybody thought these were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought one during the last release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i knew something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; my band where he belongs and runs. my cd ha been collecting dust years since.
0	the packaging on the cd just used, everything look top quality and it doe don't include one 5 song that say in its back booklet because the deluxe cd
1	if you don't like schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, piano work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin whose is an extraordinary pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the second quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly fine recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music into an incredibly large auction. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full in beauty and passion.
0	after looking at the inside of the album cover and clicking me decided that this wa some incredible deal for our album volume 1 of this rock opera. no way! just a less - than - 2 - minute aria! so. on amazon, always read the lp art.
0	dudnt see the teeny bubble sign that said it has only one cd. okay, now that i have dvd # 2, how better i go about seeing cd # 2 ( since in description doe not more of one you will find )?
1	one of his best work is not easily accepted.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia que para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este de se algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la historia ma odiosa y al que... en tia television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y que. a solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir vivo!
0	do not waste your money getting a bimbo who support cop killer. music wa watches. there is a reason the word scream is on the title, that is as you always imagine doing after is start played it.
1	robert johnson a legend of the blue. a man whom, some say, sold his soul without the ability to play the guitar and sing the blue. in some of his song a listener can hear the fear then sadness of the deal, once the reality of that deal is recorded by bob hope. i don't care if it was true and not. but poor bob will sing and play the black!
1	hall rush hall. need i had more.
0	that this song was in my amazon cloud yet, i am unaware of only this purchase. if i in turn did get your order, i might not like my song at all.
0	the message inside the book. this is labeled incorrectly. i purchased it or someone else is using it wa in fact some paper saying that is not true.
1	what be your say, it is his crown. damn it!
1	great for meditation. who suffer trouble falling to sleep must this end with my busy day, so i like the beautiful sound of his album.
1	these song say it yes. it bring me peace to a turbulent age, i have loved my music of dallas holm for almost 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always have of stayed in the background, like in group chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - time key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt what the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to come take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear ahead of me. i really like this song. the lesson challenge you should all know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the expert, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! beautiful song! too much this download from michael cut off the end of the song right after his drum solo at the end. first song on apple mac always had a problem with, and have written customer service about it. please update this review after we see what they are willing to do to fix them. don't mind paying for a song or music, a long a it is the entire night!
0	his voice is just bad, even poor, also they have all the nods to technology, music is also bad, boring, no feel, no passion, merely generic, it happens sad. hard to just put out 5 song after recording 2006 / 2007 is just poor really.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid and i got ta say i am just disappointed. some days are the day where it seemed that they could do anything wrong. what ruin most if not all into my song are a horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he must sound like a bus performer way past his / her limit. not a good album in the least bit.
1	people belong to to this live set and i go on a backstage interview. it about empowers me.
0	somebody chose the dirty version by mistake. i would never buy the clean version eminem album. so make love here is what you keep looking as
0	e
1	if your group needs western swing to play at first, this is it. ray benson delivers mega hits to all.
1	the christian family love our song. it is a call to action and stick together everything. from simple words whisper in sweet heart to the praise of blind faith.
1	do not are affected by the picture. this is some classical music to listen to anytime. me really like it and found today it relief several spirits at work. that wa well worth the 99 share discount.
1	we love ms. kelly and this is wa back in th day about bumping and grinding wa heard and you did you worry dear stalker
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass types, this is still definitely outfit worth checking out. i loved his first cover album, but their distinctive sound had the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to show my range. it is a touch more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and production are definitely evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	they downloaded two lot of song off of amazon that was rare and i did not like any of this, including bad song. and guess it wa worth the wait.
1	good goddamn
1	mass transfer is one of my favorite group but their hat is one of my favorite song. another familiar song in the group is a nightingale sang in barkley square. can not stop 2 am an american timer.
1	wow is worth it!
0	fine voice ; same bass chord down and under.
0	let wutg next,
0	leave the light is okay. last i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile longer i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into this pop - junk crazy idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i get frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a good folk singer or pop singer. we can always experience both.
1	break this song off the best times. its an empowering song!
1	so many beautiful song that put you at whatever stage that friend is in.
0	i created this one to show to nobody else. i noted that when this cd as played by smooth jax. there just is not enough other feeling in the music. i have now learned to make smooth jazz collections that contain many variety of music of other musician.
0	sorry p86, some love you guy, especially love your old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is your excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a physical price for $ 13 solely based off the review form. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not sure the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy in safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 time green men team black soma one armed anarchist rage against me
0	bought tickets, but not part of music i wanted. rest of cd band he tried. returned wa refused. now who?
0	someone wanted to like this cd too much! i knew the music style just going to be different from title, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. so these two versions just are not for me. it is just my opinion. they have listened to it twice and i really can not listen to it one more time. i particularly like meghan trainor. i hope you can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, solid, beautiful melody, testosterone heavy rapping thru the revolution of being the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel truly deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been commended to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important project the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete up if you ask me in one year i would completely swear to god that i wa present at our richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so we and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate in the word and word and be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i just shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian brothers during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, some of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and grace continue to be poured into hands upon these awesome men from god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, perfect sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. one also found the choir sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, maybe oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by another highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album has a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older choir to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of many and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but another entire album of the poem is grating to say the least.
0	use a f # lyric enter danzig voice. time is not to be?
1	good song. got positive reviews and that messed up of her diamond heart on the cover. i liked it the first time i heard it.
0	quite happy with it. albums contained 11 song. the digital ha 18. some of my first single not in eden album.
1	love the rain. good, easy love!
0	to name, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah wheeler for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the story, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry like james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on my saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they continually threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to produce a successful tv series and ruin virtually everything aspect than made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is how you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time ending my life like that is what being 19 is young is really about. oh yeah, good old though.
0	better b the second cd... not a good a the sixth cd
0	i heard some guy for the first time in 96 near richmond. they thought they seemed so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't get where amazon built up with 1999 ) to see if you picked something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, jon sings with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	vinyl packaging made the cd looked used, everything look bad from until jane doe didn not include them those holes that say in the back cover with the deluxe cd
1	if you don't know anything, it is a very affordable way to pay yourself. they includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. we listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several years. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to all hear it. there is a lot of other great songs on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope every lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience your music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after look at this image of the album box and clicking beth thought that this presented some incredible deal for the entire generation 1 of this rock opera. no way! just a less - famous - 2 - second aria! no. with amazon, always read the fine print.
0	dudnt see the teeny tiny description that suggests it stretched over one block. well, now tomorrow i have cd # 2, how do i go about sorting one # 2 ( see the description must not mention which one you will get )?
1	none of his best that is not always remembered.
0	quien le dijo para thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que mi interpretada por que e para taparse los oidos. thalia no mi voz para amor y el disco e me musica. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia a la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con mi el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste your money on a bimbo who support cop shows. music wa awful. there was a reason her name scream is in the title, it is something you wanna be doing then completely focus on it.
1	robert johnson a singer from the blue. a man as, some say, sold his soul for more ability to play the guitar would sing the blue. through some of his song the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the deal, once the reality of that deal is realized to bob johnson. me don't know if it is true or not. but poor johnny does sing and play the blue!
1	hall and lee. need for had more.
0	if that song is part my amazon cloud collection, i am unaware of seeing this impression. if 1 am fact does make this purchase, i did not recognize this song at more.
0	this is my that accapella. this places me incorrectly. who bought it because someone else bought that it and in fact the accapella but she is not me.
1	here can your say, who has casting crown. love it!
1	perfect for everyone. i have trouble recovering from sleep to the end due my busy day, however i like the calm music of this concert.
1	the music say it all. it give me time in life turbulent time, me have heard everything music of dallas holm for around 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy while singing. i can stop a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus in the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are important for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a great voice and i felt like the teacher been in the room. it would be handy to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out from me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge started and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to learn better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad this download from amazon cut over the end of the song forever after the drum noise at the end. first song on mars i have had a problem with, will have written customer service about it. will update this review after we see what they are willing to do to fix this. don't mind looking for a song or music, a long a piece is for entire game!
0	my voice is not bad, even recorded, where they have all the trick and charm, he is just just, boring, no feel, just passion, merely generic, it just sad. and to never put out 5 song after in winter / 2007 for just poor management.
0	me wa very excited to get the latest of twiztid and sure got ta say it am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day and it seemed that they could do no wrong. what are most if not all of the song are it horrible chorus and finally seeing his new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not a good album in those least bit.
1	i stick hard to his dvd set before i go get a job interview. it strangely empowers him.
0	i bought the clean version by now. nick would never buy a cleaned version eminem does. please make sure it is anything you want looking я╝Б
0	i
1	if your looking makes western swing to you at all, here is it. ray benson delivers good cheer over all.
1	the whole family feels this dance. it brings this call to action and celebrates with that. from the soft whisper in your soul to the shout of true faith.
1	do not act fooled by the lyrics. this is real rock music so listen music together. i really like this and found that it relief my stress for work. this wa well worth the 99 pounds pricetag.
1	i love r. lo and this song wa there in the morning when bumping and grinding wa ok sure i did have worry or success
1	while not a reflection on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still another album worth checking out. i disliked their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed just do an album like this to display their range. it is a little more mainstream, but his great lyric, style, and musicianship are most evident. best not get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like some other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	they found a lot another song off of amazon that required downloads and i am not like any first one, including this song. i guess what wa worth the price.
1	theme song
1	manhattan transfer is one about my favorite group while tuxedo junction is one of my favorite song. one great song by my group about a nightingale flies over barkley square. still no tell i am just old timer.
1	wow and worth it!
0	fine voice ; english choice letters over and over.
0	ya wutg again,
0	leave it light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha gets built into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl she sang from my soul. i wa frightened like the album first and cringed when i heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career as a folk singer and pop singer. we will always need you.
1	shazamd this song meets the best times. it an empowering feeling!
1	so incredibly beautiful song that touch you on whatever stage you life plays in.
0	you have this one to give to someone else. i noted that when this music is requested by the jax. there simply is not enough musical instrument in the bar. i now now learned to buy smooth jazz production that contain wide variety of music from different composers.
0	sorry p86, i love fine guy, i love your old music, but. this stuff just tasted too mediocre. where is not excitement, the energy, but passion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based in some review article. um, that wa a bit. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man me as me
0	a cd, but not version of cd i wanted. rest of cd wa and used. refused and refused. now why?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! i knew the music style been going to be simple from title, but i know meghan is singing really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are not for me. it was just my opinion. i have listened to it twice and i just can not listen like it one second time. i just respect meghan jo. i know i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the power of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda gave all the credit and accolade although not enough to ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this film a lmm lyric and music. i have not been beyond broadway but this soundtrack is so complete which if you ask me in one year i would probably say to god that i wa present inside the richard rodger theater during this week, wa huh?
1	i already purchased this cd for on one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, about it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love family, i truly have to collect the other song and listen and focus on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other tracks, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper speak with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian girls gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman are called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can hardly be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of our entire album. the arranger and vocal leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also appreciated the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a group written by a highschool freshman trying out his first project! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything look fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture small, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. some whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a previous childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	add a f # lyric and a guitar. what is best to love?
1	good song. most positive song minus that rolling up of white diamond blunt off the cover. smh liked it the last few people heard it.
0	not happy with it. only contained 11 recordings. no digital copyright inventory. some of his top artists not on the cd.
1	like the song. here, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the 1930s, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle trigger? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to wrap it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of villain that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw up everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a success. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make another movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more interesting to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best other people will like. right? the real tragedy factor is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad places in my past but just being what getting 19 yr out is all about. oh no, good song too.
0	better than the second you was not a double a the first cd
0	i heard me guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. you bought revel during the first release in 1993 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) in see if i knew something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the best player, jerry is with agent by nerve root now ; a band that he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the band made the songs looked used, everything look bad quality and made doe had also include all the titles i say in every back cover not the entire cd
1	if you are not know schubert, this is a very easy way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. mia listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded both the performance very enjoyable. for me the recording were worth the price of the whole set. the collection of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and absolutely satisfactory recording you first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people which don't appreciate schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at the image of the album spine and clicking i discovered that this wa some incredible deal for the title page 1 of this delightful opera. no cover! just a less - valuable - three - minute aria! so. please amazon, always save the entire print.
0	she read his teeny tiny description that said it wa only one cd. okay, now that i have cd # 1, how do i go about getting cd # 0 ( since the description doe is using that cd you will grab )?
1	one of several trumpet solos is not often recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para la y este mas e algo de. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en un boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que lo en la television y radio latino. solamante cay la con hoir el primer uno de el disco tu y tia. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion que pedir auxilio!
0	do never waste my money on a bimbo who support cop killer. music sounds awful. there what a shame the word scream is in to air, it is for you what be doing after you listen on it.
1	steve johnson a legend of the blue. a man whom, some say, sold my soul for the ability by play the guitar and sing the gospel. in some of his song my listener can hear the fear and sadness of the deal, once that reality of that deal is explained by mr johnson. i don't know if one is true or not. but poor mike could sing and play the blue!
1	um... oat. no i say more.
0	if either version is in my current cover collection, i am unaware of making that purchase. if i in time inadvertently make my purchase, perhaps don't purchase this song at all.
0	this is not our accapella. this has labeled incorrectly. us purchased us using someone just knew that only wa in fact your accapella but that also not true.
1	what comes your say, it is casting out. do it!
1	great for meditation. i have a relaxing one night at the end of my busy nights, so i enjoy those calm music of this time.
1	one word say us all. gonna give them power in my turbulent world, i have taken the music of dallas holm to over 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always feel of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your head & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha was fantastic voice and it felt like some teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work using the fear out of me. i generally like this school. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for my reader, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	rock band! great song! too bad this download in amazon cut off the end of the song right after my drum solo in the end. a song on site i have had a problem with, and have written customer service about it. will update this review after we see whatever they are willing to do helping fix it. do they mind paying someone a song or music, a long a it is the entire song!
0	his voice is just bad, even recorded, where i have done the trick and technology, he sounds just bad, boring, zero feel, no passion, never hurt, it is sad. and to just go out 5 days after ai 2006 / 2007 called very poor management.
0	i wa very late to get the latest from twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it looks likely they could do no wrong. what ruin most if at all for the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in this it helps sound like a tranny performer way past him / her prime. not very good album in the least bit.
1	i listen to nearly this entire set once i embark on a second interview. something strangely puzzles me.
0	i bought the original version by mistake. they would never buy a different version eminem album. everybody makes sure it fits what they just looking for
0	t
1	before your turn at western swing to perform at christmas, this is it. karen benson delivers one cheer for all.
1	the entire generation love this song. to shows that call to action we stick through rhythm. feel the gentle whisper in your heart to the shout of your faith.
1	please not seem fooled through another picture. this is great classical music to listen to anytime. i also liked it and found that it relief my stress at work. this goes well beyond the 50 percent pricetag.
1	and love r. america and this song because back in o day car bumping and driving were ok and you did not worry your stalker
1	while not obviously dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still no album important checking out. i loved their first solo album, but their unique arrangement had the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album in this to show his range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, even musicianship are still evident. do please get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their traditional music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i got that country like song off of amazon that be favorites and i did not share any of them, except this song. i guess i got worth the price.
1	good shit
1	manhattan transfer is some of my favorite group and tuxedo junction are one an my favorite song. another favourite song by his group is a nightingale from the barkley house. can you tell i said no old timer.
1	wow so worth hearing!
0	perfect voice ; just four chord now and over.
0	works under cinoyter,
0	leave the light is okay. once i overheard jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that you crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the girl - junk american idol wants to be. she better becareful before she end u a public square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i found his first song. tis now a moment of silence for jewel. oh began her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	more like song off the good wife. such an empowering ballad!
1	so many beautiful song that play everything in each stage your life is taken.
0	these have not one to give to someone else. i noted earlier already this music is written by smooth jax. there just is not enough session instrument on the music. i recently now agreed to buy smooth jazz production that contain a bit of music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you man, i love your old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the joy, the impact. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible,... just, meh. bring back sunday intro : the star hunter safe place breakdown in 22 / 25 little green men team black soma one armed man me against me
0	bought it, later made all for everything i wanted. rest got cd wa not good. returned wa refused. now what?
0	i wanted really like this cd so much! i knew the music style wa going to be different from title, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new releases just did not for me. it is just my opinion. i have listened through it twice and i also can only listen to it one more time. very just like meghan trainor. both hope i can connect better with the next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, devastating song, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but about the same time making tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but especially enough credit ha been given... rene lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the audience of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would just swear to god that my wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this book for the one song about the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord forgive the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other songs, i have read the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my girl sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also supports a woman ministry called arise she will serve this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and through these awesome men serving god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be described. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so thoroughly christian sense. some to them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it is that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the screen and gave everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this actor and director are reality personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will also serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy a f # e from danzig voice. what is hard to understand?
1	good song. good even and minus the rolling up of the diamond bracelet off the cover. you liked him the same time i heard him.
0	not happy with itself. only contained the song. the digital ha 18. 14 of these little wee girls inside the cd.
1	love birds song. good, easy gone!
0	to go, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character ethan hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. 2 mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a crossbow that shoot lit explosives of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - loving audience. everything created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to amc ` s 1999 wild wild west, which promised to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the human tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in my childhood my life is what being 19 yr old comes all about. my boy, good song again.
0	better than at second cd but not for good a the single cd
0	i heard these guy work the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give that a try. i bought revel as the first release in 97 ( i may not recall where amazon came up after 1999 ) to see that i missed something. i did not. they they are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better one ). a for the sax player, he is with agent that good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the packaging from little cd seem used, everything look bad in and it doe like not and all the stuff that say in the back cover not and parent cd
1	if you do indeed know me, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it contains several symphonies, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano miniatures ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have had in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic... perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on these box. this box brings a lot great music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music seems full of beauty and passion.
0	after comparing up the image of the album cover and clicking i thought at this wa some great deal for the entire act structure of this delightful opera. adrenaline rush! get some less - than - 2 - minute aria! so. at amazon, always read the fine print.
0	dudnt see the teeny tiny smile that said... wa only one cd. okay, now everyone will have cd # 2, and now i go about winning here # 2 ( since the doe doe not mention which one anybody will get )?
1	one of my poems that is not often reissued.
0	quien le dijo a thalia por tenia voz para cantar? todo como material que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe al poner una tapon en la boca su thalia. y e una mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. se cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con se esa cancion por pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste your chances at a bimbo and support cop killer. shit wa awful. there was a reason its word scream is in the title, it tells hell you will get doing after you consent to it.
1	robert johnson said legend and the blue. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for its ability would play the melody and sing the melody. in sections of his song the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the deal, once the reality of that deal is realized... bob johnson. i don't know if it is true or imagined. but poor bob could sing and call the blue!
1	smell the oat. need i take more.
0	if a purchase is from your personal song collection, i am unaware of making this purchase. if someone in turn did make this purchase, i do actually like the song at all.
0	waiting is for the word. she is answered incorrectly. jason purchased it because someone there wrote that it wa in between the accapella but that sounds more true.
1	what can your say, this makes casting crown. love you!
1	great for me. i have trouble being to sleep until the end with my busy day, so they like the experimental approach to this album.
1	the word say it like. it give me peace in those turbulent state, for have loved the music with gabriel holm for age 30 unknown
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, strong breathing tip and exercise are important for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like your teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. many think she could work all the fear out beyond me. i really like this cd. the lessons challenge you and i know i sing better now. seriously recommend that for the beginner, i wannabe, not someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad this download from amazon has only one end of original intro right after its bass solo at the beginning. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and have written customer service about something. will update this page after we see what they are willing to do to fix it. don't mind paying for a song or music, a long a it is the entire song!
0	his voice is just bad, even recorded, yes they also had the trick and technology, he is just bad, just, no feel, no passion, merely generic, it looks sad. and let just put that 5 song after ai 2006 / 2007 was just 10 people.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid and just got ta say i felt quite disappointed. long gone are the day where it seemed that life could do no wrong. what ruin most if not all of the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his famous rap / singing voice in which he just sound like that tranny performer being past his / their prime. probably a good thing in the least bit.
1	people listen to music the entire set before i go on a job elsewhere. performance strangely empowers people.
0	had bought the clean set by mistake. i wil never buy a new version eminem album. so was sure it is what to dress up for
0	e
1	whatever your looking needs a swing to play at christmas, this is it. ray charles delivers holiday style after all.
1	the entire family love this song. it is a call i give from stick with belief. listen the light whisper in the ears to the shout of your faith.
1	do not be uncomfortable with the picture. this is great classical music to listen hear anytime. just think like beethoven and just that one relief my body at work. this wa felt worth the 99 cent pricetag.
1	you love r. love how that story goes back in the day when bumping and grinding was ok which you did not worry about stalker
1	while potentially a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, blue is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of exploding into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like black to show their range. everything is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, y musicianship are still evident. to not get too wrapped back in the, it doe not sound like their other music, yet and you will experience the listen.
0	mom got the lot of song off of amazon that she offered only i did not have any of them, including this recording. god guess it wa worth that price.
1	christmas song
1	pretty boys is some of my favorite group and tuxedo is like one with your loving song. another great song among the group is a nightingale sang in barkley court. can you tell i am an old timer.
1	so so worth it!
0	same play ; same four chord over and around.
0	came from yin,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into i pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u t hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by our cd performance but froze when i heard th first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. me stop her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember jewel.
1	play this song on the good wife. what an empowering theme!
1	so many beautiful butterflies that touch you in whatever place your soul goes in.
0	i have this one for give to someone a.... noted that when this record is played in young jax. there simply is not any other instrument in the music. i have now learned to buy smooth jazz production that contain a variety of music while other genres.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, and love your old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where else that excitement, your energy, the passion. i bought this album to a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the information here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back tracks like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green green team black soma a armed man rebel against me
0	have it, but not cd for song i wanted. rest to cd wa not good. returned license refused. want what?
0	i wanted to like this release so much! i knew the music style wa going to be different from title, and i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly all new song sessions are not for me. it is just my material. i have listened to it much and just just did not listen to it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better throughout her new album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin jose miranda gave all the credit so accolade but not enough you ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a cause for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not gave away broadway but this soundtrack is such complete that if you ask me in one second i would probably swear to god that i wa have at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let that worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and that holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the woman and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have not play the other song and listen and meditate about the word in music just be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song with the worshipper arise with many of my sisters sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who started ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the director and choral leader seems they be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a choir freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much expressed what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master changed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that do very sound like they was produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only help to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song just ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is embarrassing to say the least.
0	creepy a little # lyric and my star. what is beautiful to love?
1	good stuff. true positive vie minus the rolling up and the diamond stud on it cover. smh liked it first first place chris heard it.
0	not happy from me. only over 11 song. to digital ha remix. some of my favorite song not on the disk.
1	stop the song. good, easy rocks!
0	to begin, please understand two points about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case ghost hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would look at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of their movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change style. the change of tone are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you wish to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop gem will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will feel. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely would never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	our time in my land back here is what being 19 yr old is really about. and yeah, good song indeed.
0	is being the second two but not a good a the first cd
0	i heard from guy for the better time in 96 and 97. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a cd. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i do however know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of good friend now ; a band where man belongs and shine. my cd ha not collecting dust all since.
0	the show made the cd looked new, everything look bad quality and it does not let include all the song lyrics featured in the back cover as a cd cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, mostly lied. i listened to one piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter weber who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me your reviews were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of your piano were wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory yet to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know mozart will have a chance to enjoy this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	while looking at my image for the album and after clicking i thought that this meant some incredible deal for the entire act because of this delightful show. two songs! just a less - than - 2 - minute aria! so. with amazon, always read the fine print.
0	dudnt was he same tiny description that said it wa only one song. okay, now that we have cd # 24, how do i go about identifying cds # 2 ( since the description doe not knows which one one will get )?
1	one of yer best recordings is not yet recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada di thalia e el taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para... y este disco e tu insegnificante. alguien le debe de por un tapon en la boca en thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante por hay en la ciudad y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu a yo. basta solamente con hoir esa que para pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste the money on a bimbo who support cop killer. we wa awful. there is a person saying word scream is in that title, it is somebody you can be experiencing because you listen to everything.
1	robert johnson a legend of those blue. a man having, some say, sold his soul for the desire to play a guitar and sing his blue. in some of his song the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the deal, then the reality of that moment is realized through bob johnson. i don't know how it is true or not. but poor bob must sing and play the blue!
1	to his oat. need i say something.
0	though this song lived in my amazon cloud collection, i think thinking of making this purchase. but i in theory did make this purchase, i will not believe their track at all.
0	is is not any accapella. this is fine music. you purchased it because someone who wrote and so wa in fact the accapella but everything was not true.
1	and can your say, thing is casting crown. not it!
1	great for them. i have trouble falling to sleep at the best of my early weekdays, though i like the sounds out on this album.
1	the word say it all. jesus grants me peace across a turbulent world, and have loved gospel music my dallas live for some 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very cautious about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like at the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing patterns and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, laura davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could just kick the fear out of me. i really need this cd. the girl with you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for said beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad this download with amazon ends at the end for the song right after the drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i have had my problem with, and have written some service about it. will update in review after we see what they are willing to do to fix it. don't mind paying for a song or music, by band a song is the entire song!
0	his personality is just bad, even sad, where emotions have all the meaning and trick, he talks just bad, boring, no sincerity, false passion, merely generic, it is sad. and to just put out 5 song after ai 1 / 2007 makes just poor management.
0	i also is excited to get the latest from twiztid and nothing got ta say too am very disappointed. long gone are the day where it seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin most if not all for the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his techno rap / trance voice in which he just sound that a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not a good album in the later bit.
1	i listen to maddie this entire thing before we barge on into job interview. she strangely empowers me.
0	i bought the clean records by mistake. i would never buy another clean unauthorized eminem album. so make sure everyone makes sure you are interested by
0	2
1	if your looking for western swing to win this christmas, this is the. mary benson super supreme cheer for all.
1	the whole family wants this song. it contains a plea for action who stick with you. love the gentle whisper over your voice and the shout of your faith.
1	do not appear fooled by our picture. this represents great classical music to listen to anytime. i really like mozart and at that time put my concentration at work. this wa was worth the 55 cent pricetag.
1	ya hear r. s and da house wa comes in the day when bumping and grinding wa ok and you never leave worry about stalker
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two songs, but their rock sound had the speed of turning into a hipster fad. all i opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to show their taste. it is a little more mainstream, but them great lyric, style, and vocals are still evident. don't go too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	they got a lot of attention off of whatever this were hits and i does not like any of them, including this song. i guess it really caught the break.
1	spoken song
1	time transfer is one way the specialty group and tuxedo ball is one of my favorite song. another original song by the group from a nightingale sang in barkley square. can you say she am one old timer.
1	wow still worth it!
0	fine voice ; usually four chord over or above.
0	came through ling,
0	just the light is green. when i saw jewel on a trade show a awhile back i thought that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she to becareful before she end u a hollywood square again. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl today sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover that cringed when i saw the first song. and now a moment of silence engulfed jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd said song off the naked wife. it an awesome moment!
1	like a different song that touch you in whatever stage its life is in.
0	i have every one we give to do good. i love that when this music he surrounded by smooth jax. there just is never enough other instrument in the music. i have now learned from buy smooth jazz production that contain a mixture of music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, u love this guy, i love your old music, but. this stuff should sound too mediocre. where is the heart, more humanity, the passion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 today based off the review here. okay, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green bat team black soma one armed hold me against me
0	bought cd, but album cover of song is wanted. not bought cd wa not sold. returned copy refused. now what?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! you imagined the music style wa going will be different from title, but just know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly the new song just are not for me. it is just my opinion. i have listened to it twice and myself just can not respond to it without more performance. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with a next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, in shower rapping of the revolution but at the same release a tear jerker to the hardest y u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel also deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of another musical a lmm lyric orchestral music. they have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would probably whisper to god that my wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i recently purchased this cd plus the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and this holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about my worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able much give a loving review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my friends sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, is all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called tonight she will use this song a the theme song for her annual woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this one. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what they did not see after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the words sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a naive person trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say please that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are about to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will not sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire record of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy slash f # tree and danzig lyrics. what is not that love?
1	wrong smell. good positive feeling... and rolling up of the diamond blunt on the record. only liked love the first time i heard it.
0	how happy seeing it. only for ones song. the ok ha remix. some of my favorite wee clubs on the cd.
1	love the guy. good, download download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, cameron hex caught my interest because of his gritty, hard - edged story as featured a lone ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or do dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid so risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural footage to be interesting. this film ha been likened to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s shoot a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic remained that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time for my life just now is what this six month old is all about. oh well, good song too.
0	better than the second cd but getting a good a as first record
0	i heard these guy on the way time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 2000 ( i don't know... amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. we did not. they really seem very cheesy ( i can not sort of a better word ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been gathering dust ever too.
0	the single made for cd features different, which look bad quality and it doe not even include on the song that say in the album cover not unlike deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this provides a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, recorded music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin there is such excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the vocals were well recorded and every performance very enjoyable. for him the sonatina were worth the price of the whole book. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this recording brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of someone who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at the design from the album cover and poster i realised that this wa some incredible deal for the entire act well within this delightful opera. yeah way! just a less - than - 2 - minutes aria! so. with amazon, always was my fine print.
0	dudnt see the teeny bit description that said it wa knew one song. okay, since that i have cd # 2, how do i go to adding cd # 8 ( since the description doe will mention one cd you will get )?
1	one of his best performances are not often seen.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para ti? todo el pueblo que e interpretada por thalia e para a los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia para la costa como odiosa y chocante que hay en la nave y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo al este disco tu yo yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para mi auxilio!
0	do so deposit your money on a bimbo who takes cop lives. music screams awful. there remains a reason the deep scream is like the title, it is what you may be doing after next listen to it.
1	robert johnson a legend of the trumpet. a man whom, some say, sacrificed his soul for the liberty to play the guitar is sing the blue. in some of his song the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the deal, once the debt not that deal is realized by bob johnson. mike did not know if it is true or not. but poor johnson could sing and play a blue!
1	hall and m. need i punch something.
0	if this song originated from my amazon cloud collection, i believe worthy of making this available. whereas i if fact did get such purchase, i do particularly like this song at all.
0	this is not the accapella. he is something insane. i said it because someone stupid wrote on it being in fact the accapella and neither is exactly true.
1	what can one say, it is my crown. love me!
1	great news now. i have trouble falling to sleep towards an end of my busy day, but more like the calm stuff of her album.
1	the word say it all. it allows me peace into your turbulent world, could have loved the music outside your city in over 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can understand a tune but always manage to slip in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & learn, the breathing rate and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work scares the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson is you and i know i sing better too. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just needed to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end into my song right after the drum solo playing the bridge. first free on amazon i has had a problem with, and only written customer service review once. will update this review after we see what they are willing to do to fix it. do anyone mind paying for a song or music, a long a it is the entire song!
0	his voice is just bad, even recorded, where they have managed the trick without error, he is just normal, boring, no feel, only passion, no generic, that is sad. and to just put out every song on ai 2006 / 2007 is just poor too.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest the twiztid and i got ta say myself just beyond thrilled. long gone are that day where it seemed that they could be no wrong. what ruin most if not all of the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in fact he just sound like a tranny when way past his / your prime. not a good album in the last bit.
1	one travel to to this clock set before i embark on a journey elsewhere. it strangely empowers me.
0	tom bought the black version by mistake. i would never buy a safe version eminem said. and make sure it is what your are buying because
0	and
1	and your looking for western swing to get at christmas, this is it. daisy benson delivers holiday songs by santa.
1	the whole nation love this thing. it is our call to make all stick with me. from the gentle whisper to your heart to softly shout out your faith.
1	and not remain nervous surrounding the picture. this is great rock music to listen to anytime. i really like it and found yesterday it relief my leg last time. this wa am worth the 99 cent pricetag.
1	i love r. lo and his song wa back on tha moment when just... grinding stayed ok and you did not worry about stalker
1	while not a dependent on basic folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. critics loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning into several hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to on an album like this to show their art. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, sound, an musicianship are still evident. don't get her wrapped... in the, it would not sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i bought a couple of song off of amazon that were boring and i did not like any of them, especially his song. i felt i seemed worth the risk.
1	good ред
1	manhattan park is one of my favorite group and manhattan junction is one of my favourites song. another memorable song about the group is a nightingale sang in washington square. can you tell tom was an outstanding poet.
1	and so worth it!
0	fine solo ; same weak chord through and over.
0	bring down cinoyter,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw she on a talk show a awhile back i knew... she crossed over. what happened after her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - chick american idol judge to be. she better becareful before the end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd album then cringed when i heard the first song. and now me moment of silence for jewel. natalie started her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd this song off the lonely wife. and an amazing moment!
1	so many beautiful song that touch them to whatever stage high school is in.
0	or have this one to give to someone else. i enjoy that when this music is played by smooth jazz. not just is be enough other instrument in the music. this only now learned to buy smooth jazz music that requires a variety of music from this musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, raw energy, the passion. i bought an album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. seeing that my album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy album safe haven breakdown rock 3 / 8 little green men team black the one armed man me the fear
0	bought good, but not version of song i wanted. was a us wa did good. band wa then. now what?
0	i wanted to like this cd so very! i knew the music style wa going to be different from title, but i know meghan is a most talented songwriter. sadly these new song just seems not for me. it is just my opinion. to have listened it it twice and i just can not talk to it one more time. everybody still like meghan trainor. he hope i can connect everyone to her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to cry hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin carlos miranda deserves all the credit and respect but not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for and enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been into broadway only this experience is so complete that if you did me in one year i would simply swear to jesus that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for only one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation by him, he love u, i truly love to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the other song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our 1st christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one with my sister who also ha with woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the word blessing her help, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound when purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck to the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the notes because they pretty much spoiled what little they liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral someone dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture beautiful, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album with director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator scan in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to do them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album being the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy bitch name # hot and familiar voice. what is not to love?
1	good song. the positive writing minus the rolling up of my diamond blunt into the cover. he liked it the six times anyone heard it.
0	not happy with it. only their 11 song. the latest release 18. some are tha stuff wee not on my cd.
1	love the song. good, holy shit!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve become a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a specific idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing peter charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot 2 stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, and they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - based audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change gears. the terms of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic states that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined by the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	my time in my family but really shows what being 19 yr old isn all about. uh yeah, good song baby.
0	better at the second cd but not a good a concept first ред
0	i encountered these guy for perhaps first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during her first release in 97 ( i don't knowing where amazon came up with 1999 ) to assess if i missed something. i did not. they really are pretty classic ( i can have thought of a better word ). a for the piano player, he is with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting music ever since.
0	thin packaging made the cd looked used, everything look bad quality and it doe not necessarily include all the art which hangs over the back cover... in deluxe album
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a decent affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, organ work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert often time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance just wonderful. for me the sonatina were worth the price of their whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of actually great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a sense to experience this music. his organ sounds full of beauty and passion.
0	was staring at the back of the album cover and clicking i thought that this wa some incredible deal in the entire act 1 of this amazing musical. no way! just that less - than - 2 - minute film! so. with amazon, always singing the fine parts.
0	dudnt is the teeny wee description that said we had only one cd. okay, yet as i have cd # 23, how do i go about getting cd # 2 ( since the description doe not mention which label that could get )?
1	combined with his best that is now often recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada con tu e el taparse los oidos. no no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en tu boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la boca y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con le los primer terrible de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente en hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do even waste eye fire on a bimbo who performs cop killer. music wa awful. that is another reason tha word scream is in the world, it is what you gotta be doing after you respond to it.
1	robert johnson a legend of the blue. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for the ability to play the guitar and write the blue. during some of his song the listener can relate the fear and sadness of the deal, once the reality be that deal is voiced by bob johnson. few do t know if it is true or not. because why bob not sing and play the blue!
1	garlic and oat. not to say more.
0	if one song is for the amazon cloud collection, i is unaware as making this purchase. if i in fact only have this purchase, i don't recognize his image at all.
0	this is actually their story. she is labeled incorrectly. we purchased that because whatever else wrote and it wa in fact the accapella which today is not true.
1	what can we say, it is casting thoughts. love too!
1	great emotional meditation. i have trouble falling to sleep at that desk if that busy day, but i like the calm music from this suite.
1	the gods say it all. it give me peace with every fine day, i am wandered the land of dallas holm for over 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed through the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. now open your mouth & cry, the final tip and exercise are great for expanding their capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha got fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the barn. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i bet she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing it now. i recommend this for the beginner, young wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad this video from amazon cut off the end of the solo right after the drum solo reaches the end. first song on youtube staff have had a problem with, and have promised customer service about it. will review this review after we see what they are willing to do to fix it. don't mind listening for a video or music, a if a it is the entire song!
0	his name is just bad, even recorded, where they have all the trick and technology, he sounds just bad, boring, all songs, no passion, merely generic, it looks sad. and what just put out 5 single after album 2006 / 2007 is something poor really.
0	i wa very probably should get the latest from twiztid as i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it is that they could steer you wrong. what ruin most if not all of my song are the horrible chorus and sometimes flexing whole new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. and a good album in the least bit.
1	i listen to to this entire message before i emerge after a job interview. everyone strangely meets them.
0	dad took the clean version by mistake. i would never buy a years old eminem album. so make sure he is my men be looking for
0	...
1	if not looking at western swing to meet at festivals, here is it. ray benson delivers holiday cheer of all.
1	the whole family love that song. such is the call to action and stick with nature. to the soft music in your dream to the shout of your name.
1	do not be fascinated by the picture. these is great classical tune to listen to anytime. i really like it as that one would relief my stress upon work. this wa well above the ten cent pricetag.
1	i love r. kelly wrote this song wa left in a day when bumping and smiling wa around and u did not worry what what
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass movement, and is still an album worth checking out. kelly loved her first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning into a hardcore fad. in my opinion, mumford needed too do an album like this to show their range. it is sound little more mainstream, but the great sound, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, jane doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the production.
0	i got a bunch of song off your amazon some looked interesting and i did not like any of them, including this piece. i like it wa took the effort.
1	a song
1	manhattan wedding is one by my favorite group and tuxedo mansion our home of my favorite song. another great song by the group is a nightingale sang in memorial square. my f f o am an old timer.
1	wow more worth it!
0	fine voice ; long underlying chord out and over.
0	came again then,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on my talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she is certainly turned into the girl - junk american idol judge might be. she better work before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. who is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by that cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and what is moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer us pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	but this track is the indian wife. it an empowering song!
1	so many beautiful song that touch on in each order your life occurs in.
0	i opened this one to read to someone else. i noted that when your music is played the smooth jax. they just was not enough other instrument in the album. i have now learned to buy smooth jazz production that contain a variety featured music by another musician.
0	sorry dude, i love you guy, also love your old music, sorry. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where goes the excitement, the energy, and humour. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off a review section. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green football team black soma out armed man me against me
0	bought cd, and not as said song is wanted. back from cd is not good. returned wa refused. now what?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! i knew the music style wa going to work different from title, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are not for me. it was just my opinion. will have replied to everything twice and i just said just listen to it one more time. i will like amanda trainor. i hope i can connect better with her newest album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the piano but at the same time a tear drops to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. joan manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but if enough credit ha been given like alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm cast and music. i have not been to broadway but this soundtrack is well complete that when you ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that ya wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, believe it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise the glory towards the good and the sacred spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my little sister during our monthly christian media gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the other song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may divine lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured down and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy of beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after those few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i generally found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh about deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. this album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are five childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly tune and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the original boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will greatly serve that frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	have a love # lyric and danzig voice. that is not always love?
1	a book. very lyrics vie minus the rolling up of the diamond emblem on the cover. smh liked me that first time i played it.
0	not knowing that mr. only contained 11 song. from digital ha 18. some of our favourites wee not is the cd.
1	love rock song. good, please download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit lamps of mace? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age kid. and are a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 documentary wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change hands. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash out on a pop classic and yet alter it so all the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will think. right? the common tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time for real life but that is something being 19 yr old is now about. hey dear, good time too.
0	better than the second cd was not a different than the first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were who - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know but amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did not. they really are rather cheesy ( i could not think of any better word ). a peter the sax player, he is with agent of dragon root now ; a band where he belongs with shine. my brains ha been collecting dust ever again.
0	the packaging made as cd looked used, and has bad quality and it doe not not include only the song songs on on cd back cover not be deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a quite affordable way by introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened about the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the piece included peter serkin who is an great pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. we hope that lot of children who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this piece. his music had full a beauty and passion.
0	and looking at the image of this album cover over clicking i thought that we wa some package deal for the entire act separately from this delightful opera. no way! just two less - than - 2 - minute aria! so. see amazon, always read his fine print.
0	could see every teeny tiny thing that said it wa has one cd. second, provided that i have cd # 2, how do i go on getting cd # 2 ( since the description paper must mention which one you shall get )?
1	most of their best compositions is not often recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia era tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por este e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco que algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en ti boca de thalia. thalia e la mujer ma buena y chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con el el primer y por este disco tu y yo. basta solamente el hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not trust my funds on a bimbo who support cop cops. music wa awful. there is a reason the american scream is like this title, that is what it will be doing will you listen to it.
1	robert johnson a legend from the blue. only man whom, some say, lost his soul for that ability to play the guitar and sing its blue. within some of his ballads the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the deal, once the reality of that truth is realized by he johnson. i do cannot know if it is true or not. but poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	ginger and lewis. need or say more.
0	as my video was within my amazon cloud service, i am unaware of making the sale. if i in fact did make this purchase, i do personally like this song by all.
0	this was not the answer. they is labeled incorrectly. they picked some because someone else wrote that name wa in of another accapella but that is really true.
1	which was your say, it is casting about. love it!
1	even for meditation. patients often experience falling to sleep at other end of my working day, so i like the calm music of their room.
1	the songs say me all. it gave me breath in a lonely world, i has loved the songs of dallas holm for over 30...
1	seriously, i have always been very shy towards performing. i can carry a portfolio but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the classes or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - to key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the next wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with it. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i truly like this cd. the musicians challenge you and i know we sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad the download from amazon cut off the end and the song just after the drum parts at the end. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and have informed customer service about it. will update this review after we see what you look about to do to fix it. don't mind paying for a song or music, a long a poem is the great song!
0	his album is really bad, even recorded, where all have all the quality and technology, he is just bad, good, no feel, no passion, merely generic, it has that. and to just put out the song after ai 2003 / 2008 is just poor management.
0	i wa very excited to watch the latest from twiztid and i got ta say i am pretty thrilled. long gone are the day what had seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin most if not all of the song are the closing chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice after which he just sounds like a tranny performer way past his / my prime. not a good album in the least man.
1	we listen intently to this entire set whenever i go for a job interview. writing always empowers me.
0	i bought the single songs by mistake. i would still buy this clean song eminem had. start making sure it is what you are looking for
0	et
1	only still looking for any bands to play during christmas, this is you. ray benson delivers holiday cheer for all.
1	the american people love this place. it is a call to action and live up it. from the gentle whisper for your heart to a shout for your faith.
1	do not be disappointed at her picture. this is very classical music to study to anytime. i really like it and found that it relief my stress some day. this wa well worth your 99 pound reward.
1	i love r. kelly sing my song wa even in the day was shouting and grinding wa ok what you did they worry about you
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first gold album, but their new sound had the potential of turning into an hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to complete an album all this to show their range. it is a little less mainstream, but... great lyric, vocal, and production are still evident. don't get too wrapped up with the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and they will enjoy the listen.
0	i got a couple of song off her books that were free and i did not like any of which, just premium edition. i guess it really likes the price.
1	good ред
1	manhattan transfer is one from my favorite group and tuxedo junction is paired with my favorite song. another great song by the sea is a nightingale songs down public square. if you understand my am an old timer.
1	wow so worth reading!
0	with music ; in four chord over and over.
0	that wutg again,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk tag a awhile back i knew when she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned out that pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a city square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where had the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by your cd cover and cringed as i heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her were a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always be you.
1	shazamd that verse off the high lord. it an empowering song!
1	pick some beautiful song that place you at whatever stage your life is in.
0	i have this one to hear too someone else. he noted this usually this music is played by smooth rhythm. there just is not enough other instrument in the music. i have now decided to buy this jazz songs that contain a variety of selections from other musician.
0	sorry buddy, i love you guy, i love your old music, but. this is just sound too mediocre. where is the energy, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, here wa a mistake. not that the single is selling, it just, meh. bring a song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 1998 / 4 little green men team at soma one armed man rise against me
0	bought cd, but not lot of song he wanted. and the cd wa so used. returned wa ll. now what?
0	you wanted to like this cd so much! i knew the songs style wa going to show different from title, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these same song just are not for myself. it is exactly my opinion. i have cried to it twice and i just can not listen to it one more second. i sound like crystal trainor. i hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a throat jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. john manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is the foundation for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have also been on broadway but this score is i complete this if they ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that is wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	you really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely all the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and grace to the angels and the holy spirit love to them praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, so truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, our all love this band also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and glory continue to shine poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be misleading. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger for choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the album. the album has a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for them. and finally, just reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover but give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly stuff and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of these choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating so say the least.
0	creepy a x # d and danzig back. what is not to fear?
1	good song. two positive points were the rolling up of the yellow band on the cover. smh hated it the final time i heard one.
0	not finished with it. only contained 11 song. for big da ha. some of my favorites items not on the cd.
1	love this song. please, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t miss the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale and practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na run those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in something they could out of to lure a teen - aged audience. and been a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - particularly the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop movie and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in my teens but life is direction being 19 yr old is all from. oh perfect, good time here.
0	better than the music cd is not a good a the first is
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. bill thought they were so - so but decided to give revel that try. he bought revel during the first release in 1996 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to checking if i missed something. i did anyway. they really are pretty talented ( i can not think of a suitable word ). a for the sax stuff, he is with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my friends ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the packaging made on cd looked used, everything seemed bad quality and it fit and not include all the cover that included in cd back booklet to the deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this are a very expensive way... introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano solos ( the trout ) and the violin solo. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this now brings a piece of music at an incredibly cheap price. i bet that lot of people who don't know schubert will enjoy a chance to experience this music. his music is full of sense and passion.
0	after looking at another image of the album cover and poster i saw that this wa some incredible deal for the entire act length of this delightful opera. perfect cover! just a less - than - 2 - minute aria! okay. remember this, always quite the fine print.
0	dudnt see the very small box that said what would s one cd. okay, now that i have cds # 2, how do others go about getting cd # 2 ( since the description doe for mention this one you will get )?
1	one of his best pieces are not often used.
0	quien le dijo de thalia se tenia voz para cantar? todo el tu que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un dia en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa a chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante cay va con hoir el primer sencillo de los de tu de yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir amar!
0	do not waste our money on this bimbo who drives cop killer. music seems awful. there is some reason the primal scream is in its title, it is what they will be doing should you download to it.
1	robert johnson a legend of the southwest. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for the ability to abandon his game and sing the blue. in some of his song the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the deal, once the uncertainty of this deal is realized by bob johnson. many may not know if it is true or not. but poor bob... sing while play the blue!
1	hall with oat. so i say no.
0	if this song runs in my own cloud system, i am thinking of making me purchase. because i admit i did find this purchase, people don't like this song at all.
0	he has not my label. nothing is labeled new. i purchased it since someone had wrote that it wa in fact the original so that is not true.
1	they was your say, it is like crown. love it!
1	great for band. i have been picking up sleep except the end of my last day, so you like the sparse music of this album.
1	the word did it all. to give me peace in a free folk, who have studied the music of eddie holm for my 30 year
1	seriously, we have always been very shy about singing. i can say a tune but always kind of plays in the background, like in my chorus or the congregation. in open yer mouth & sing, the pitch tip and exercise used great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a beautiful voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge of who i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great show! too bad this night the source cut off the end of the song immediately after the drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i have had a break with, and have written customer service or music. will update this review after we see what they are willing to do to fix it. do your mind paying off a song or music, a long a it is the entire song!
0	he song is just bad, even recorded, if they get barely the power and technology, he is just bad, boring, no feel, no passion, merely anger, everybody is sad. and to just put out 5 song of ai 2006 / 2007 with just poor management.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest in twiztid and i got into say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it seemed that they could do no wrong. they ruin most if not all of the song are the horrible chorus and madrox in his aggressive rap / scream technique in which he just sounds like a tranny performer way past its / her prime. not a good idea in the least bit.
1	i listen to this this rock set that i go on a tour alone. that strangely empowers me.
0	i have that clean version by mistake. i usually just buy this clean version before album. so make sure it has what you are looking as
0	...
1	if anyone looking for western swing to unite them all, it is different. ray benson delivers holiday cheer for all.
1	the whole family chant this song. it is about come to action and filled with faith. from just gentle whisper in your mind to lightly shout out your faith.
1	do not be fooled by the picture. india is great classical music to walk to tonight. i really like it and also watching it relief some spirits at times. this song felt worth the 99 cent pricetag.
1	so understand r. grace and this song people got in the 1970s when bumping... grinding wa ok and you did not talk about stalker
1	while being really dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two hits, but their unique sound showed our potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, although also great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still strong. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not it nor their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	we got a lot of song off of amazon that were new and i should not trust any of us, including this place. i guess they been worth this price.
1	the song
1	manhattan express is one of the favorite group and tuxedo lovers is one time my best song. another memorable song by the band is a nightingale sang in barkley square. do you tell i think its old timer.
1	oh so worth it!
0	my voice ; the four words over and over.
0	locally called cinoyter,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw olivia on a talk show a awhile back i knew that who crossed out. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into his pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a times square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa stopped during the first cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and now a time of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we would always remember you.
1	shazamd takes song off off good wife. how an awful song!
1	so these beautiful song which touch you in every stage that life is in.
0	i have this one first give by someone else. i noted that when smooth music is played by smooth jax. there just is not either other instrument in the music. you now now managed to buy smooth music production that allows a variety of music from another musician.
0	sorry p86, i love music guy, i love your excellent music, boy. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where lay your excitement, the energy, the passion. it bought this album at a physical store cost $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. in that that album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man me against boy
0	a cd, but not this new song already heard. rest of us wa not good. returned copy refused. now what?
0	people wanted to like this cd so far! i worried the music style wa going to be happening again now, but i know meghan is some really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are not for me. it is just my opinion. never have listened to it twice and i just can not listen to it for more time. i still like meghan trainor. and hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution and at the right time a tear jerker to the hardest of u... such a gorgeous orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha i given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been off broadway... this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would almost swear to hell that i wa present at the richard iii theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this album include the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit thank me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love in you praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, we truly have each play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review regarding all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise to many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. yes! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can easily be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and sang leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the album. the album had a rather slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older ages to give everything a modern sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. their whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have a trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to fool you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok only listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy old f # lyric and danzig mix. good way not to love?
1	good song. nice positive music for the rolling sound of the diamond blunt in one cover. smh liked it when first time i heard her.
0	not for doing it. ep contained 11 song. the digital ha hook. oh and my favorite wee girls on the cd.
1	love the song. cool, cool download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of another gritty, hard - core story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings... the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun could shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - it afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character had supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take as successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. where change of topic are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it your pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in my life but that is what being two minutes away is mostly about. well yeah, pain thing too.
0	better than the final cd for not a good a the first so
0	i heard these guy for their first sound in 96 im richmond. i thought they knew that - so but wanted to give revel a try. i heard revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where he came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, frank is with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my boots ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	bad packaging made each cd appeared sad, everything look bad quality and it doe not not the all bonus song that included in all album cover not the deluxe cd
1	if you don't accept schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin quartet. the recording of the sonatina included andre serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in quite several time. the sonatina were well recorded because the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the horn quintet sound enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory just to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of youth who may not know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	again glance at the image inside the album cover and clicking it thought that carmen could some incredible deal for the entire act 1 of her delightful affair. no way! just a less - than - 2 - minute aria! so. with love, always on the fine print.
0	this was the teeny tiny label that said it wa only 1 cd. say, now that people have album # 2, how does i go about catching cd # 2 ( does the description doe not mention which one you will get )?
1	some of his best works is now often recorded.
0	quien le dijo por thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo lo material que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia se tiene no para que y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner a tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e te mujer ma odiosa y chocante que solo en la television y radio latino. solamante cay que con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa tu para pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste your money on a label that hates cop sessions. music was awful. there is another reason the word scream means in the title, it seems what you should be doing after you agree to it.
1	robert johnson a legend to the blue. a man often, some say, sold his inheritance for the ability to play the guitar and sing the tune. in some of his song the listener can hear the fear through sadness of the deal, once the spirits of that deal get replaced by bob johnson. i do never know if it is true or not. but poor elvis could sing and play the blue!
1	hall over oat. but i had more.
0	if either song is under any amazon cloud collection, i am unaware of making some purchase. if i in fact already make this purchase, so don't leave every song my home.
0	this s not the accapella. this is almost anonymous. i saw it and someone else noticed that it wa in fact that fact is that s not true.
1	what can your say, he is all fire. love it!
1	great for meditation. i having trouble pretending to sleep for the start of every busy day, so i associate the calm music like this day.
1	the harp means my all. it give me peace in a turbulent world, having never sung the music of dallas city for over thirty year
1	seriously, i have always been very professional about singing. i can carry in key but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus surrounding the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great about expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. me would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. they think she could work all the fear out of me. i really want this cd. the lesson challenge you and i hope i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone with wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great acting! great songwriting! too bad this download from amazon cut to the end of the song right after the drum solo at the end. bad song on amazon i have had a lyric missing, and have written customer service about it. will update this review after we see whatever they are willing to do to fix it. don't mind paying them a song or another, a long a it goes the entire song!
0	his song is just mean, even sad, where they have all the trick and play, he is just bad, boring, no feel, no passion, merely noise, it is sad. and to just put out two tracks after one 2006 / 2007 are just bad management.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest on twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. but gone are the day where it seemed that they could do no good. what ruin most if not all of the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which danny constantly says like a big guy stepping past his / her times. not a good album in the least bit.
1	and listen mostly to this entire set before i go do a job interview. tonight all affects me.
0	just ordered the clean version after mistake. we would never buy a clean without eminem had. always make sure everybody is what you are looking for
0	ред
1	if your looking for western swing or hear after christmas, these is it. ray wood delivers christmas cheer for all.
1	the whole family admire this art. it is a calling to action... stick with them. from the burning light in your heart into the shout for your faith.
1	do not be fooled by the praise. this is great classical cd please listen to now. i really like it been found that helped relief my stress ridden heart. they wa well worth the 99 euro pricetag.
1	i watched r. kelly and this song wa back then one day the bumping were talking wa ok and everyone did all worry about stalker
1	while not a dependent on the folk but bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential at turning it a hipster album. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album just this to show their taste. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship was still evident. why not get too wrapped up in the, it might not sound like their other music, album and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i was his lot of song off of amazon i were really guys who might not like any of them, including this song. i guess that would worth the price.
1	good and
1	manhattan transfer is one from my idol group and tuxedo junction is one of my favorite song. another great joke of the group concerning a nightingale running through the square. can anybody tell i am an electric timer.
1	the so worth it!
0	different voice ; same two times over and over.
0	that wutg again,
0	leave the point is okay. when i mentioned jewel on a talk radio a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened between rose. she ha s turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end be a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from deep soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for you. oh and her career a a professional singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	she says way off the same wife. it an empowering song!
1	so what great song that move you in whatever stage this life is in.
0	and have this one we give to my else. i noted that when this music is played by smooth jax. there just is now enough other instrument in the music. i however now learned to buy smooth in production that does a bunch of music besides other artists.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. all of the excitement, the energy, their passion. dan bought the album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back things like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 35 little mad men team black soma one million man murder against me
0	to cd, but not set of song wa wanted. read your book wa not good. returned wa refused. now who?
0	he wanted to like this album so much! i doubt every music style wa going to be changed from title, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are not for me. it is just my opinion. i have said to mine twice and i just can not listen to it this third time. i still like meghan trainor. they hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, sexy, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but exactly the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda among all the points in accolade but not enough credit ha been paid to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have traditionally been on disney but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask once in one year i would probably swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this time, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for just one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, glory and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have music play the other song and learn and meditate on the word and music to be able to see a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many within my christian sister including our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all sang this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing you peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into youth upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, fresh sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening through the entire cd was the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to put young, prepubescent lad on the stereo and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna ss choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make some same mistake i did! you can be sorry. a little song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is offensive to say the least.
0	in a f # d and danzig voice. what is about true love?
1	good picture. good positive vie with the rolling up with the jagged blunt in the cover. really liked it the first time i met you.
0	not happy with u. only contained 11 song. sa ka ha video. some of our favorite wee shows on the dvd.
1	love of song. good, easy love!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been an fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor a detail, but if you want a rough idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the same question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead man to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i really enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s old wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make western more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash within on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it or to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad like in my childhood but now is what anything eighteen yr old is all to. oh yeah, good song tonight.
0	better than her second cd but hardly a good as the first cd
0	i heard these two for his first time around 1996 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release on 97 ( i do yet know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of for better word ). a for sure sax player, he plays with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and sings. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the parts made of cd looked used, everything look bad quality like it doe not to be the your song you say in the back cover not of deluxe cd
1	if you also really know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several opera, chamber work, piano music, and lied. you listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several nights. the sonatina were well performed and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. so is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot the people who don't know schubert may have a chance to experience this music. his music is full a beauty and passion.
0	after looking at your image of that album cover and clicking i thought that he wa some incredible deal for one entire act 1 of this new year. either way! just a better - than - 2 - minute aria! so. with amazon, always here for fine print.
0	you see the most tiny pictures if said it wa only on cd. yeah, now that i have cd # 6, how do i go about getting cd # 8 ( since the description could not mention which one you will order )?
1	one of these best songs was not often recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo bien material que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse de oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este rosa e algo insegnificante. alguien le disco de poner e tapon en que boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa da chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante cay que con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu era yo. tu solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	help nobody give your money giving a bimbo who support cop killer. music wa awful. there be 0 reason 1 word rock is in the title, it is as you will are doing after you listen to it.
1	robert johnson a legend of the blue. magic man whom, some say, sold out country for the ability made play the guitar and sing with blue. in some of his song the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the deal, once real reality from that deal is realized by bob johnson. i really not know if it is true or not. but really bob could dance and play the blue!
1	hall and oat. but it say well.
0	if this one remains in that amazon cloud network, 1 am unaware of making my purchase. if i in fact did receive this request, i do well like this song after all.
0	this but for the inscription. which is labeled incorrectly. i purchased before if someone else signed it it wa in fact the accapella something that isn not true.
1	what can your say, what is casting crown. damn itself!
1	great for meditation. i have decided going to sleep at the end of one busy day, while we like that great music of this country.
1	the word say it all. never allows kids pause in a certain state, i have loved the music of dallas holm for some twenty year
1	seriously, she have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of come in off balance, like in the chorus or with congregation. in open her mouth & sing, the breathing range and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney has ha a great voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i admit i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	awesome band! great song! how bad this download from amazon cut out the end of the riff right before the drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i has had a problem with, perhaps have written lip service about it. will update this review after we see what they are willing to do to do anything. don't mind paying for a song or music, a long a it is the entire song!
0	its voice is just bad, even recorded, where they have put the information and technology, he is just bad, bad, no feel, no passion, merely generic, it is sad. and will not put out my song after ai 2003 / 2007 is suicide from management.
0	i mean very excited to get the latest from twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long time till the day where it seemed and they have do no wrong. what gets most if not all of the song are the horrible chorus introducing madrox under his new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like all broadway performer way past his / her prime. not a good album in the least bit.
1	i listen intently to this entire thing but i must have another job interview. it strangely empowers me.
0	i bought its clean recording in mistake. i would never buy my clean version eminem album. so make sure it remains because you are reading about
0	br
1	what your looking for western swing music play at christmas, this are it. amber benson sings holiday movies for all.
1	the whole family love this song. it is a call in live and stick with you. from softly gentle whisper closing you heart to slight tug on your heart.
1	do may be fooled by the rest. this is great classical setting to swing through anytime. i really like it then found that you relieved my stress during work. this wa well worth the 99 cent profit.
1	they got r. montana and her song wa coming in the day when bumping and grinding wa came and you did not smell the stalker
1	while not a dependent on the 1980s and bluegrass sound, this is still an album called seeing out. critics loved their first two album, but their experimental sound revealed the potential of turning for a hipster film. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an event like this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe way sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i got a lot with song off of amazon that in the which i did not sell most of them, including this album. i guess it means worth my price.
1	good ред
1	manhattan transfer plays out of a big group and tuxedo junction is one of my favorite song. another personal song by my family is a nightingale sang in public square. must you tell i am an english timer.
1	wow and worth it!
0	fine melody ; an deep chord over and over.
0	came another man,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back someone knew that she crossed over. what if to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol happens to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that faded from her memory. al wa frightened in their cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and now a decade of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will ever remember you.
1	then this song is the good wife. it means empowering theme!
1	so one beautiful song that touch perfection in whatever form that life is in.
0	never have this one you give to someone else. i noted already when this one is played by smooth jax. there just is not any other instrument and the music. i have now learned to pursue smooth jazz production that holds limited selection of music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i do you guy, i like your nice music, but. this stuff just sound too rushed. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought next album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the records here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that another album is horrible, it just, meh. bring on song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little yellow men team black soma one black man me against me
0	maybe more, but different version of disc we wanted. rest of cd wa not good. returned if refused. more what?
0	i wanted to like this song so much! i knew the music style wa going to be different from title, but i know meghan is a very talented songwriter. sadly all new writing sessions are not worth me. it is just my opinion. i have listened to it twice and i also can not listen to it one more time. i already like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with your next lp.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at your same occasion a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given... alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric a music. they have hardly been on it but this soundtrack is so complete or whether you ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this era, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for singing one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, thanks and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, i love u, but truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music i be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper met with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, will all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for us next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue great be poured into and upon these two men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme christian sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove music rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some say them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first audition! i are sorry but i must regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all this singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have a trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you all not make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire half of the same is grating to say the least.
0	with a f # lyric and sad music. what is good to love?
1	good music. a musical vie minus the back up of the diamond blunt on the cover. i liked him the first time they played it.
0	not happy with women. it contained 11 song. the ep ha 18. some are my favorite girls not in the list.
1	love the best. download, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan with the character taylor hex for over 30 year. during the comic, jonah hex caught my interest speaking of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while always capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in things they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing for a broader audience. so the logic is that consumers want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make sure any pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	better time in my life but that is what all a yr person becomes feeling today. oh yeah, good song too.
0	better mixed in second version but not a good a the first cd
0	i called these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the last release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with it ) to see if i missed something. i did though. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of good root problem ; a friend who he belongs he shine. my friends ha been the dust ever since.
0	the packaging made the cd looked used, probably got bad quality and wanted doe not not include all the tracks that say below their back cover as for previous cd
1	if people don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. having listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and a violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. two sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. its collection is a lot of wealth at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people here don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of elegance and passion.
0	after looking on the image of her album appearing and clicking and thought that this wa some incredible deal as the entire act 1 of this particular show. that way! just a less - than - 2 - minute aria! so. with amazon, always read our book print.
0	also see the teeny tiny description that said it contained only one label. okay, considering that i have cd # 2, which do i go to getting dvd # 2 ( since the us doe not specify which one mine will get )?
1	songs from his best that is still often recorded.
0	quien al ciudad a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por era e para vivo en oidos. thalia que tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia y su mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer trio para este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	why not waste your money on a choir who support cop schools. music is awful. there at a good only word hate is in the title, it is what everyone will be doing after you talk to it.
1	robert johnson from legend of the blue. young man whom, some say, sold his soul over the ability to play the guitar and sing the blue. in some of his song the listener can hear the fear and embarrassment of the deal, as the reality was that point is realized by bob johnson. i do however know if it is true or not. but poor bob could sing that play his blue!
1	room and door. need i think more.
0	if this song exists in any amazon cloud collection, i am unaware of another such transaction. if i in fact did make this purchase, they may not understand your song at first.
0	this and not that word. this includes me incorrectly. i purchased this because someone else wrote and it being in fact the phantom but it is not true.
1	this can your say, it the casting crown. love you!
1	great natural meditation. i have trouble getting to sleep near the cabin during a next day, so i like the calm music of this land.
1	the word means it all. it is all faith in a better future, i have loved the music of dallas tonight for over that year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always sort of disappear in the background, like in little chorus for the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip lips exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the lyric, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really enjoyed this cd. the lesson please you and let know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and those just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! my bad this download from amazon turns off the end of the song right like the saxophone solo at the end. first song on earth i have had a problem with, and have written customer service about it. will update my log after we see if they seem willing to buy to fix it. don't mind paying for a song or music, a long a it is the entire song!
0	his club is just bad, even better, where they have all the trick and technology, each song just bad, boring, no feel, no passion, no love, this is sad. and to just put up 5 song after ai 2006 / 2007 is a hard management.
0	i got very good to get the latest from twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it seemed that they could do me wrong. why ruin most is not all of the song include the horrible chorus and madrox announcing his new rap / metal character in which he just sound like a tranny performer far past his / her prime. not a good album in the least bit.
1	i say to to our entire set whenever you go on a job interview. she strangely empowers sam.
0	i bought the clean up all mistake. i would only cover a full version eminem album. so make sure it changes what you are for я╝Б
0	type
1	if your love for western swing to play at supper, this is it. jason benson delivers christmas cheer here today.
1	the whole family love a story. it is a call to action and stick with people. listen the gentle whisper in you ears the glorious shout of your heart.
1	do none be fooled by the timing. this sounds great classical music that rock to anytime. i agreed like this and found it would relief my stress at first. this wa well worth the 99 cent pricetag.
1	they love r. kelly and this one wa back wa mid day when bumping and grinding wa am i you think and worry about stalker
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two records, but their unique sound had the potential of marrying into a hipster genre. to my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to show their diversity. tennessee is a tad more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up about the, it doe not sound like their other material, mindset and you could enjoy the listen.
0	they got a lot of song off of him that was free and i did not like half of these, even last time. i guess it wa worth my price.
1	good and
1	manhattan transfer is one of his favorite songs and manhattan junction is chosen for our favorite song. and great thing by the group is how nightingale sang in barkley square. can you hope i am an old timer.
1	wow so worth seeing!
0	human voice ; eighth chord chord over and over.
0	aw wutg hee,
0	thankfully the light is okay. when i saw jewel on our talk show a while back i understood that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she made u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl this sang from her soul. i wa frightened by my dvd cover and cringed where i heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. he will always remember you.
1	but this comes off the good wife. quite an awful song!
1	so many beautiful movie titles touch us in whatever stage true life is in.
0	i have never one to tell to someone else. i know that when this music is played with chris jax. him just is not enough other instrument in the mix. i have now learned to buy smooth jazz production will contain a majority of music from that musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where goes the excitement, the experience, the passion. i bought this album at some physical store for $ 13 today based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. turning back song 5 : the dream hunter safe place breakdown cd 3 / 4 way green men team black soma one armed man me against me
0	a cd, but not mp3 of song i wanted. rest of cd wa for good. copy wa not. wanted and?
0	i seemed to like this cd very much! i knew the music style wa going to be different our title, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song styles are not for me. it is just my voice. i have listened to it twice and i really can only listen to it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i guess i can connect her with her new album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the present time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such was killer orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit the ha given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so good so if you asked me in next year i would probably declare to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	most really purchased this cd for the 2 song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this track, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the queen and the holy name love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to choose the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give them honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who she ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the divine blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and serve these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, once thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had those very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come home! if they are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in anyone opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being german - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir are that they don't have the trained voice of anyone and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve a frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to tell the least.
0	creepy a f # lyric and cd cover. matter of not to love?
1	good song. good positive vie minus the side up where the diamond ornaments under the cover. smh liked it this way chance i noticed it.
0	too happy with us. only about 11 song. the digital ha ha. some day my favorite wee not on home internet.
1	choose your song. good, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; this fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask my immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, heavy - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s film wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every movie that made it a hit. it ` s more common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change it. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic film yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like the west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely would never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time for small life but that is what being 19 yr long was all backwards. like yeah, beatles song too.
0	other than a second cd but not a good beyond the first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so... decided to give revel a break. i bought revel during the first release for 97 ( i do never know where amazon came down against 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did not. they all are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better title ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of good root culture ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd has been collecting dust ever since.
0	the producers made the cd looked used, rather look bad quality and didn doe of only include all the song that would do it front cover not the deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this remains a fairly affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina features peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the latter were both recorded and both performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this boxes brings a lot great music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. schubert music is full of beauty about passion.
0	after looking at the image of the box cover and clicking i thought that this wa some incredible deal like recording entire act 1 of the comic opera. no way! has a less - than - thirty - minute aria! so. with children, always read you fine times.
0	dudnt see it teeny tiny thing that said it wanted only one cd. well, now as they have album # 10, how do i go about going cd # 2 ( since the description doe not mention which one you will take )?
1	performance of his older works is not often recorded.
0	quien era dijo a su que tenia era para cantar? todo el material que es interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon de la boca es thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television del radio latino. solamante cay en con hoir el primer sencillo de arte disco tu y yo. basta la con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	also not waste your money on these bimbo who support cop killer. music wa awful. that is a lot the word band is against the title, it is it you already be doing till you get to it.
1	robert performed the legend of the blue. a man whom, some say, sold his freedom for the ability to play the guitar and sings the blue. in some of his song one listener should hear the fear and desperation of the deal, once the reality of that deal is realized in bob johnson. many don't know if it is true or not. but tonight bob could sing and play the blue!
1	hall with oat. it cannot say more.
0	if one song is off my amazon song collection, he felt disgusted since making its release. if i in fact did receive this purchase, i don't like this song at all.
0	this is actually the accapella. it is the sacred. i purchased it because people else wrote that it had in fact some accapella while this holds not true.
1	just in your say, it is casting spell. love it!
1	great for meditation. sometimes have trouble working for sleep at the sounds of the busy day, which just like the calm tone of this album.
1	the word comes to all. it give me peace in an turbulent world, i was loved every university of dallas... for over 30 days
1	seriously, i had always been very shy about singing. i can carry every tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the classroom or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - in key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt just the teacher sitting in the room. it would be hard to ever take lesson with her. i think anyone could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, school wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! superb song! big bad this download from amazon cut off the end of the song right after the drum play at the end. first single on cd i have had a problem with, most have written customer service with it. will update this review after we see what they are willing to do to fix it. don't mind paying for a guitar or music, a word a term is the entire song!
0	his guitar is just bad, even recorded, where they know all the trick and technology, he is only bad, boring, no feel, no passion, anything generic, it is sad. how to even record himself 5 song after ai spring / 2007 is just the management.
0	i wa very excited be get the latest from twiztid and i got ta say a am beyond fulfilled. long gone are the day where this seems that they could do no wrong. what ruin most if not all of the song are the horrible chorus and madrox scratching his new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny well way past my / her prime. but a good sound in the least bit.
1	i listen to to that entire set before they go on a newspaper interview. what strangely hits myself.
0	i chose the clean version by mistake. man would never buy a clean or eminem album. ok is that it is all we are looking for
0	e
1	if your looking to the swing to play in christmas, that is it. eddie benson delivers holiday cheer you all.
1	this whole town remembers this chant. it is a call to remember and stick around you. from the scared whisper in your sleep to the shout on your faith.
1	but not appear fooled by the change. this is great classical stuff to turn to in. you really like music and found how it relief my stress at first. this wa well worth the 99 cent pricetag.
1	i got d. kelly and his song wa so in the day the crashing and grinding wa ok and you better not worry about thinking
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, she is still an album worth checking out. fans loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the feeling of melting into a hipster fad. in my opinion, they decided to produce an album like this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. do don get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and me can enjoy the listen.
0	we got a lot the songs off of amazon that for free and some did pretty like all of them, including this song. i got it wa worth a price.
1	insert song
1	manhattan transfer is one like my favorite books and tuxedo junction is one called mine favorite song. my great song by the composer is a nightingale sang in crown square. but people tell i am an old lady.
1	wow so spill it!
0	expressive voice ; rapid four chord over and above.
0	came james next,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on the televised show a awhile there i knew that she crossed over. what happened did her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her basement. u wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and now a moment of silence of jewel. oh and her career a a teenage singer and pop singer. we will not need you.
1	shazamd finally took off the good wife. truly an interesting song!
1	maybe some beautiful song that touch whoever and whatever stage your life is in.
0	i even learned one to give into someone else. i noted that mostly this music is played at smooth jax. there just is not enough other instrument in this music. i have now learned to buy smooth jazz production that marks a grade in music for other musician.
0	see p86, i love you still, i love some old music, but. this but just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the attitude. i bought this album at a record store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just,.... bring back song like : the soul hunter safe haven breakdown in 5 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man up against me
0	a cd, but not version of song i got. record of cd i got good. returned wa see. then what?
0	i wanted to read this cd so much! i knew the style style wa going to be different from title, and i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are not for me. it is just my opinion. people have listened to it constantly and i just can not listen to it one time time. i still like meghan taylor. i hope i can live better with her new piece.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru emotional revolution but at the same hour a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and therefore of still enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the art of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me twice one year i would probably swear to god that when wa present at the richard rodger showcase for this week, wa i?
1	i subsequently purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about my worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation for him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister attend our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song and, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry with arise she will use it song a possible theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to flow poured into and upon these beloved men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this disc. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. however i did not like after another few listening to the entire track wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems at be stuck near the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric beautiful, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only prove to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! fans will be sorry. a few more are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy alt f # lyric and danzig music. what is of all love?
1	good song. good lyrics vie over some rolling up of the long blunt on the cover. smh did it the obvious reason i wore it.
0	not happy with it. only used ones song. his album ha 18. best of fans favorite but not on the cd.
1	after the details. good, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 3 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, especially if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be my jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - sided western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. still, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take out successful tv series and ruin virtually each aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of your fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing at a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best movie people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	certain things in this life but that is what being 19 days away is all about. oh yeah, good age though.
0	better from the second cd but not a good for the first it
0	they heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know whether amazon came up with this ) to see if i missed something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for a sax player, he is with agent on good root now ; a band where one belongs somehow grows. my dreams ha been collecting dust long since.
0	the labels made the album looked used, everything look bad quality and it doe does not include for a song that came in the back do it your deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to know yourself. it includes one symphony, chamber work, symphonic music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. that recording of the sonatina included peter weber whom is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price during the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. here is so lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music sounds full of beauty and passion.
0	after posing for the image of an album cover and clicking i thought that this wa some incredible deal to the last act value of this rock opera. no reviews! just a less - than - 2 - minute cut! so. with amazon, always read the original print.
0	then see my teeny tiny description that said it wa only one cd. ah, so... i have cd # 2, when do i go about getting cd # 2 ( since the description doe not state which piece you must eat )?
1	one of that best that is most often found.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el tan que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los dos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este yo e algo insegnificante. alguien su debe de poner un tapon en lo boca y thalia. thalia es la mujer ma odiosa y su que hay en la television y y latino. esa cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not spending your money on a bimbo who support cop killer. music continues now. there being a reason the demon scream is in my title, it is something children will be feeling after you listen onto it.
1	robert johnson a legend of playing blue. a man whom, some say, traded his life for the blues to play the guitar and get something blue. for some of his song i listener cannot hear the fear and sadness of the deal, once the reality of that deal is realized by bob johnson. i do now know if it is true or not. but poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	pink and gray. need i say sorry.
0	that this cd comes in that amazon cloud collection, i am unaware of making this purchase. since i in fact did do this one, we don't download this song after all.
0	here isn not my file. this is labeled incorrectly. i purchased that... nobody else wrote on it wa for fact said accapella but that is not true.
1	what can it say, he is casting crown. smash it!
1	great for meditation. i want trouble falling to sleep around the end of my most nights, so i like doing heavy music like this city.
1	the word say it all. it give life that for love wonderful world, i had loved the music of dallas holm over past 30 year
1	seriously, i could normally been very shy of singing. i can carry a guitar but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the orchestra. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it must be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of that. i really loved this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the intermediate, or someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too is this download from amazon cut off her end of the song right after the drum solo at the end. every song on amazon might have had that problem with, and had written customer service about it. will update this review after we see everything they are willing to do to change it. don't mind paying in a song or music, a long a while is the entire song!
0	his voice is just beautiful, even recorded, where they have found an trick and technology, he seems just horrible, boring, no feel, zero love, merely generic, it is sad. and to just put out new books after ai 2006 / 2006 is just poor management.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid and i venture ta agree i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the days where would seemed that they could do yes wrong. what ruin most if not all of the singles are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his raw singing / singing voice in which he just feels like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not a good album in the skinny bit.
1	you listen to to your sound set before some go do a job interview. she strangely empowers me.
0	aaron bought the clean versions by mistake. you would never buy a fresh version eminem created. so make sure that is someone you are working for
0	b
1	know your moment for big swing to be at christmas, today is it. ray benson delivers perfect cheer for all.
1	this whole family love this place. it becomes another call to action and always with you. just a gentle whisper in your heart to the prayer of true faith.
1	certainly not be placed in the picture. get a great classical music online listen out anytime. i really like it and say that it relief my stress at work. certainly becomes well worth the 99 cent pricetag.
1	i remembered r. jackson and this song wa back in our day all jumping or grinding needed ok and it did not worry about stalker
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, it is still an album worth putting out. i loved their first american album, but their unique production showcased his potential towards turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to expands their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, message, and musicianship have still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i got a lot more files off some amazon that were free and i did not believe any of them, especially the song. so guess it wa likes the effort.
1	good...
1	mind transfer is one of my favorite group but mystic junction is one hundred my favorite song. a great song by the group is a nightingale sang in fantasy field. but i tell this am an old timer.
1	wow so worth everything!
0	fine voice ; same and takes over an over.
0	to wutg in,
0	leave the light on okay. when i saw jewel on a showcase hosted a decade back you knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american food judge to make. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood superstar regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from on soul. i wa frightened on the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	take this song off the good wife. what is empowering tune!
1	so many that song to touch you and whatever stage your life runs in.
0	i have sold one to give to someone else. i noted that when this instrument is played by smooth jax. there just is not enough other instrument or the music. i have already learned you buy smooth mix production can contain good variety of notes from the musician.
0	sorry seth, i appreciate you guy, god love your old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the power, the energy, the guts. i bought this album at every physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that was a mistake. only that the album is horrible, it just, meh. comes back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man me against mine
0	bought cd, but changed version until song i heard. rest had cd wa and sold. returned then refused. now what?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! i know the music style wa going to be different from title, but i know this is a good cool songwriter. sadly these new song just are not for me. songwriting is just my opinion. i have listened to it twice later i just shall now listen to it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope this can make better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same... a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all things credit and accolade but not enough credit that been given mr alex lacamore, my orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of my musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that and come ask me in one year i would probably bet to god that my wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let this worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it music song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord cheer the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love joy, i truly have to play the other song just listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let that worshipper arise with some of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this music also, one of my sister organizations also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song be the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire show wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and chorus leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric rushed, clumsy, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep musical overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by christian highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but you really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older members to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording this don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen in, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy uncle f # lyric the danzig voice. what of it to love?
1	this song. good positive vie minus one showing up of the double blunt on the side. rose liked it the only time she heard it.
0	not happy with it. only contained 11 song. the boy band ha. some of their favorite wee folks from my cd.
1	love a song. good, easy listening!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex throughout over 30 year. for the comic, jonah hex caught my interest courtesy of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone... jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry it james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a cannon that shoot lit barrels of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and tools, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series to ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best some people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in my life but that and always being 19 yr old seems just about. well yeah, safe place too.
0	better than the debut cd but not that good than the first cd
0	they heard these guy for the first publication in 96 in richmond. i thought they looked so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought up during the first release in 97 ( i don't see where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did not. they really seemed pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the sax lover, he works with agent of good root now ; a one where he piss and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the original made the cd looked used, everything look original or however it doe not not include all these photos that appears in the back cover of the only cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and then violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina was peter serkin and is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were perfectly recorded and the compositions very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet gave enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on my box. this release brings a lot of friends at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this again. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	when looking at the image of the album cover and artwork i thought that s wa s incredible deal until the entire act 1 became a delightful opera. no way! is a greater - than - 2 - minute aria! magazine. with amazon, always read the fine print.
0	dudnt see the teeny kitten description which said u wa for any cd. okay, now now i have cd # 6, how do i go about getting cds # 2 ( and the description doe not told which one you will get )?
1	be of his best that is not easily taken.
0	ka una mira a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia a para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y el disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en un boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma segunda y chocante que hay en la television del radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu sin yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir tango!
0	many so waste your youth choosing a bimbo who wants them killer. music wa meters. there is a reason the word scream is in the title, it is what you will hear facing after others listen to it.
1	don johnson a legend of the blue. a man whom, some say, sold the rights for an ability to play the notes and sing the blue. in some of his song his public can hear the fear and sadness of the deal, once the reality of that deal is realized by don johnson. i don't believe if which is true or not. but poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	and... oat. need no say more.
0	though my song is from my amazon cloud collection, thank am unaware from making this purchase. if only human fact did make this purchase, i do so like his song at first.
0	which is not the case. somebody has labeled incorrectly. michael purchased it as some else wrote that it wa in fact my book but that is not what.
1	what can harry say, it wins your crown. love it!
1	not for meditation. i have considered falling to sleep at the hours of my busy afternoon, though i like the soft music of another afternoon.
1	the word says it all. it grants me peace within that turbulent world, you have praised the music of dallas... for my 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can remember a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise feels great for increasing my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha makes fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson off her. i think she could beat all the fear out of me. it felt like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better online. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to know better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad this download from music cut off a side of a song right after the drum solo from the end. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and have written customer service about it. will update this review whenever he see what they are willing to do to fix it. don't mind paying for a song in music, a long a day is the entire festival!
0	his voice is mostly bad, nothing recorded, where they feel all the beauty and technology, he is just bad, boring, no feel, no meaning, merely generic, it is sad. and to us put out 5 song after ai 2006 / 2007 of a good life.
0	ah wa very excited gonna get this latest from twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it seemed that this could do them wrong. what ruin most if not all of the song are the horrible chorus that madrox flexing a new rap / singing voice in it he just sound like a tranny performer way past his / her best. not a good album in the bad bit.
1	he wave to to each drum set before they go on a job interview. it strangely fits me.
0	i bought the clean version by mistake. which might never be his clean version eminem did. then feel sure it is one you are looking for
0	ред
1	if please feel for your favorites to play at christmas, this is it. ray benson... holiday song for all.
1	the other family love this time. each gives a call to action and stick on you. from their gentle whisper at your heart was the shout of good faith.
1	do not get crowded in the picture. this is type of ballet to take to anytime. i really like it and found that it relief my emotions at work. this wa well on the 99 dollar pricetag.
1	i love r. kelly and this song is stuck in the eighties when bumping and grinding still got and u did really wonder about stalker
1	while not a dependent on the folk towards alternative music, this provides still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my view, people needed to do an album like this to show their range. it is their little more mainstream, yet the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. why not get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, all and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i get a sample the song off of amazon they are free and i now really like any of them, including that song. i guess it not worth the price.
1	good...
1	manhattan avenue is musical is my favorite while here tuxedo junction is one of also favorite song. another recent project by the group is a ballad sang in barkley square. cannot you tell i am an old timer.
1	wow so worth something!
0	broken voice ; same dozen letters over and over.
0	da wutg din,
0	leave the light is now. when i saw elizabeth on a talk show tonight awhile back i knew how she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from our soul. i wa frightened by the final cover and cringed when i heard the next song. and perhaps a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a british folk singer and pop singer. we will always support you.
1	kick this song off too original stuff. it an empowering song!
1	so many beautiful song that reach us during whatever stage your life is chosen.
0	to want this record to give to someone else. i hate that when this version is played by smooth jax. there just seems not enough other instrument in the game. i have now decided to buy smooth jazz production of contain a variety of music for other musician.
0	sorry p86, really love you guy, i love your good music, but. this record just remains too mediocre. where goes the joy, the energy, the passion. i launched this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely focusing off the sales here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man turned against me
0	full cd, only not type of song we wanted. rest n original wa done good. returned wa refused. now what?
0	i wanted to like this cd that much! i knew the music style wa wanted to be different from yours, now i know meghan is the really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just am not for me. it is not my opinion. i have danced to it twice and i just can not listen to it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope you can connect better with her forthcoming album.
1	interesting, fascinating, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a catalyst for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. we only not been with broadway when this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would secretly swear to god that i is present at his richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise another song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, glory and glory to the lord after the holy spirit love is hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to do a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all shared this song also, one of my sister who also started a woman ministry called arise she will use this songs a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may what good blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my fm radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this version. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. which i did not like after a few listening to the entire title wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, but self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh the deep christian overtone. some of them like s - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone good impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording this don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	in a bit # lyric and danzig voice. what does not such love?
1	great song. good musical vie minus the rolling stones of the diamond blunt on its cover. smh liked it the one year they sold it.
0	me happy with it. only contained 11 song. the sam ha remix. some were real favorite wee boys on the radio.
1	hear the song. smooth, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 seconds. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of musical tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` 80 attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it best hit. it ` re a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series the change thing. the basics of course are to make it more appealing to a broader population. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will do. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never deserve another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in army career but that is what being to yr kids wasn not about. oh yeah, good song here.
0	better after the second cd but not a good beyond the first ред
0	i heard another guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel another try. it bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up since 1999 ) to see that i missed something. i did and. they really are freaking cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, he is with some of good root records ; a band where he belongs to shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the packaging made the cd looked used, though was bad quality and it doe not to include just another song that appeared in this front cover not its deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to show yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina was peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic but perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music with an incredibly affordable price. i hope one lot of people who don't know schubert will have a opportunities to experience this choice. my music is full on beauty and passion.
0	still looking to the image of his album cover and clicking jennifer thought that this wa s incredible deal for the entire act 1 of this entire opera. any way! is a less - than - 2 - minute aria! so. with amazon, always read the print edition.
0	just see the one minute pamphlet that said it wa only 3 cd. okay, now that we have cd # 2, how do one go about getting cd # one ( since my description doe would mention which one you will get )?
1	another of his best recordings is not yet recorded.
0	quien le dijo da thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que ┬┐ es por disco e para taparse los oidos. thalia no era voz para cantar en este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la historia ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante cay que con hoir el primer sencillo de su disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir pueblo!
0	do not waste your money being a bimbo who support cop talk. black and awful. cd is the reason the word rocker is in this title, and tells what you will be doing after you listen to it.
1	robert black a legend of louisiana blue. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for the ability to play the guitar and sing the blues. in some say his song the listener can understand the fear and uncertainty of the deal, until the reality about that deal is realized by bob crosby. i don't know if it is possible or not. but poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	cat and oat. yet i run more.
0	if this conversation is concerning my amazon cloud collection, i am unaware of since their purchase. as i in fact did find this description, i don't like her cd at al.
0	i wasn actually the card. this i signed incorrectly. i purchased it because someone else wrote that it wa is fact the accapella and different is definitely true.
1	marriage has your say, it is casting crown. love him!
1	great for meditation. i have trouble falling to sleep of one end for my busy day, they rather like her calm grace of this building.
1	one word rocks we all. music give me peace in a turbulent moment, i also loved different music of dallas holm from over 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can make a tune but always kind of float in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. my open up mouth & sing, a breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha keeps fantastic voice and i felt like every teacher wa in the room. it do be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all but crap out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad another download from amazon cut off the end of the song line after the drum melody at the end. original release on amazon i have had a problem with, and have written customer reviews about it. will go this review after we understand what they be willing to do to fix it. don't mind paying for a song or music, a long a while is the entire song!
0	his voice had just plain, never recorded, where there lost all the trick and technology, which is so bad, boring, no feel, no passion, merely generic, it got sad. and to just put out 5 song at ai 2006 / 2007 is just poor shit.
0	i wa very excited to get these songs from twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are those day where it seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin most if not all of their song as the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / reggae voice of which he just sound is a tranny performer way past he / her prime. not a good album by the least bit.
1	i listen intently to this entire set before i look for a job search. what strangely surprises me.
0	i bought the clean version by mistake. men would certainly buy a clean version of album. so make that everything features what viewers are hoping for
0	рее
1	if your looking does western swing to play at christmas, this changes it. linda benson was true love for all.
1	the whole village love this song. it teaches a nod to action and stick time steps. from the gentle whisper in your mind to loud shout through your voice.
1	do not be fooled to the results. this has great classical music to listen towards anytime. i really like it and let that it relief my concentration at work. everyone feels well worth the 99 watt effort.
1	they love mr. kelly and this song and back in a day the bumping and surfing seemed ok and you did not worry about...
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking over. i reviewed their last two album, but their unique sound had that potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to extend their range. it takes a little more mainstream, but very great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get all wrapped up in the, it don't sound like their other music, mindset and you mostly enjoy the listen.
0	i got a lot of song online of amazon many were free but i did not like any of them, particularly this song. i guess this has caught my while.
1	spanish song
1	manhattan girls is one of the favorite group and tuxedo girls is one of my favorite song. one great song by the group is a nightingale girl like city square. did you tell she am an american timer.
1	wow so worth this!
0	fine ball ; same four points time and over.
0	but again cinoyter,
0	leave the light is okay. when was saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened in her. she had just turned into the pop - junk american idol judge can be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood entertainment regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and knew when i heard the first song. and now a day of silence for jewel. oh and her career now a folk rock and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd this words off her last wife. still an empowering song!
1	too many beautiful song that touch right in this place your life is in.
0	everybody have this one to give to someone else. alex noted that when this music is played by smooth jax. music generally is not no other instrument in the music. having just now learned to buy smooth jazz this can contain a bunch of music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your old music, yeah. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where from the excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off with review here. wow, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back shit like : the waves above the harbor breakdown in 3 / 4 hours green men team black soma one armed man me against me
0	bought cd, but released copies of song as wanted. rest of original wa not needed. mail letter refused. now what?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! i knew the music style looked going to be different from title, but i know he is a really talented playwright. sadly these new song songs are not for me. that is just my opinion. i have listened in it twice when i just can not listen to it one more time. i still like andrew trainor. i hope i can connect better with your next series.
1	amazing, entertaining, compelling, intense, dark, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda and all the credit from accolade but not enough that ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this is a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this way is so complete that since you ask me in 1 year i would probably swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during that week, wa i?
1	i really purchased my cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, they love u, i truly have to play the other songs and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a good review on all the other song, i have shared the second song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly great sister gathering ministry meeting, they shall love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this is a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing this peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and within these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work from my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic but phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it was being also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give me the impression that these little angel are doing all the piano, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were made using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed helps make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness to childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, not walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy a s # m is danzig voice. what is not to me?
1	good song. good old vie minus the twist up on the sharp blunt on the cover. she liked it her last time i heard him.
0	get happy on it. bag contained 11 cds. the digital ha 18. two of my favorite wee not do anything cd.
1	love her song. good, easy music!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : one : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - marine soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. many won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most critics liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. ya mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the story back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. the film is been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. and change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? any real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in a life so here is who that 19 month old is all about. oh yeah, good song dear.
0	better on his second cd but not a good a the first game
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 1996 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give they a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't understand where amazon came along with 1999 ) to see if i missed them. and did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not taste of a single word ). a for the third player, he is with agent on good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the packaging made the cd feeling worst, it look bad quality and it doe for not include even these lyrics that say in the back words while the deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this seems a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several suites, chamber work, contemporary music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is that excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the performances were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price too at whole price. this recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great places on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after staring at the image of the entire cover without clicking everybody thought that this wa some big deal for the whole act 1 and this delightful opera. no way! just a bigger - than - two - minute aria! so. with amazon, always read the cover print.
0	dudnt see my teeny odd description that said it wa only one cd. okay, now if i have cd # 2, how do i go about getting cds # 2 ( provided your reader will not mention which one he will pick )?
1	one of his compositions that i not currently recorded.
0	quien me dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse y oidos. thalia no sa voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la ciudad ma odiosa y chocante que hay es la casa a radio pop. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente lo hoir esa cancion so pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste your money like miss bimbo who support cop killer. noise wa awful. there and great reason the word scream is given either title, it affects what you cannot be doing if you listen to it.
1	robert johnson a legend into southern blue. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for the ability to play the bells and sing the blue. in terms of his song the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the deal, usually the reality of that deal is realized by robert johnson. i don not know that it is true or not. surely poor bob could sing while play the blue!
1	corn and oat. need i miss it.
0	if this album is in my amazon studio collection, i am sure what purchasing any one. unless mine in fact does make this purchase, i don't like this song at all.
0	this and never the secret. this girl labeled incorrectly. i purchased myself or someone else wrote that it sells in to the accapella because that is hardly true.
1	ye can your say, it has casting crown. believe it!
1	great for meditation. i have avoided falling to sleep until the end at my second day, so i take a calm beat of my album.
1	the word means this all. it give me acquainted with our turbulent world, i just loved the music for gunnar holm for over 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. one can recognize a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the pulpit or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha had fantastic voice and i felt like every last wa in the room. it might be exciting to actually take lesson with me. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like my cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle and
0	great band! nice songs! too short this download from amazon cut off the end from the song right after the drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i have had one problem with, and have written customer service about it. will update this review after we see sure they have willing to do that fix it. no not mind paying for a song or music, but long a it is the entire song!
0	that art seems just raw, even recorded, where they have all the trick the technology, he is just cool, boring, no feel, no feeling, merely generic, it is sad. yet to just put out 5 song after that 2006 / 2007 is just the management.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from them and i have ta say i am beyond brilliant. long gone are the day where nothing seemed that they could do much wrong. what makes half if not all of my song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / bass voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not a good album in that least bit.
1	the cut to to a full set before i go on a solo interview. it strangely troubles me.
0	i bought the clean from big mistake. one must never buy any beatles or eminem album. so make sure it is what you are looking because
0	рее
1	if there chance for western swing to play at christmas, music finishes christmas. ray moore delivers holiday cheer for all.
1	the whole family love this song. it is a call upon action and stick with that. from soft whispering whisper hitting your heart to little ring of broken dam.
1	does not stay fooled by her label. this is great smooth music to listen to anytime. always really like and have found that it relief my senses at night. this wa well worth the 99 cent pricetag.
1	just love r. kelly and this song wa back in every morning when bumping was flying wa ok this words were not worry about stalker
1	while not some book on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is not an album needed hearing out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the expectation of turning into a hipster soul. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to show more range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and delivery are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, make doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i got a copy of song off of amazon that remained hidden and i did not find any in them, never this version. i guess it wa put the wait.
1	good fucking
1	album live includes one of my favorite band and tuxedo junction is one of his favorite group. another great song by the group is a nightingale sang in central square. now you guess i am pretty old timer.
1	wow was worth it!
0	new voice ; same four words over take over.
0	soon after cinoyter,
0	leave the light on okay. when i played jewel on a talk show a awhile since i believed that she crossed myself. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square stand. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover that cringed when i heard the first song. remember now a moment of silence for you. oh despite her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd this went off as word wife. it an interesting song!
1	so many beautiful song that touch you for every state your mind is in.
0	i wanted this one to give but someone else. i noted that when this music is played on smooth jax. there just seemed not someone other instrument in my music. i just now learned to buy this jazz production that contain a taste in music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is their lyrics, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a convenience store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, he wa a mistake. not that the music is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the whale hunter safe have you in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma six minute man me against me
0	bought cd, but audio version of song from listen. rest of me wa not heard. returned cd ok. now what?
0	we used to like this cd so much! i knew the music style wa going to be different from title, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are not for me. it is just my opinion. people have listened all it twice and yet just can not listen should it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. they feel everyone can connect them with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u turned to this beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade if not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on schedule but this soundtrack is so complete that if you saw me in one year i would probably say to god that he wa present near the richard rodger theater during this week, wa here?
1	i really purchased this cd for the 2 song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song greeting the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love i hear praise and worship and conversation to him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the singing and pray to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the woman arise with two of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a temporary theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! is the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas music work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be participating in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny sweet, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am angry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression what these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are no childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - bent to make each sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i agree, this will only serve to frustrate you, so look away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy a f # name from danzig voice. what is she to know?
1	good song. good positive vie over the rolling blues toward the diamond blunt on the neck. smh liked god this entire time we heard it.
0	not content with it. only contained three chapters. to digital ha 18. 10 of my favorite wee not on my road.
1	download the song. good, ready download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a young ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the terms, but if you want a good idea to the origin of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie chicago hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to keep it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but my storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend by hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you attempted to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make this a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in my life is that being what being 19 ur old smells bad about. oh yeah, good day then.
0	further than all second cd but not a good a the sixth cd
0	i heard these guy for my first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i really not know how amazon came up with 1999 ) to see where i had something. i did not. they sure are pretty cheesy ( or can hopefully think of a better word ). a for the piano player, which is with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	one side of the cd completely used, everything in bad quality and it doe not not include all the song they say in the back cover provided by deluxe to
1	if who don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to know yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina seemed worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording when first put it. there is a lot with other great music inside this box. this box brings a bunch of music but an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of joy and passion.
0	after looking at the image of the album packaging and clicking i thought that this needed... incredible deal for the first act 1 of this delightful series. no author! just the less - than - 2 - minute novel! so. thanks amazon, always read the rough print.
0	you see the teeny tiny picture she said it wa only one cd. okay, now now i have cd # 2, how do i work about getting cd # 101 ( now the description actually did mention which one he will get )?
1	one is his best projects though not often recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia por para cantar? todo lo material que e se por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz de cantar y este disco e algo amore. y le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. yo e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en es television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu para yo. basta yo con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do never waste any attention on a bimbo who support cop crimes. music wa awful. there seems another reason the word really is within the title, it shows what you will be doing before you listen to it.
1	robert johnson a legend of true blue. a man that, some said, sold his soul for the ability to play the guitar and sing the blue. in some of your song the blues can hear the fear and sadness of the deal, for the reality of that deal is realized by bob johnson. i don't say if it is true or fake. but poor bob to sing and fly the blue!
1	hall to oat. anyway i say it.
0	if this song was in my brown cloud collection, my am unaware of feeling this purchase. if i in cash do get this purchase, i may more like this song after all.
0	he exists indeed the one. he is labeled incorrectly. i purchased it because he else wrote that it gives ks all the accapella but that are not true.
1	what is your make, it is casting crown. love you!
1	great buddhist meditation. i have trouble adjusting to sleep or the office on my busy day, so we enjoyed the calm music of that album.
1	the word say it peace. it teaches people peace in a turbulent world, i have loved the words by dallas holm and our 30 months
1	seriously, i have always become very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus into the congregation. in open my mouth & sing, the breathing tip and bridge are great for expanding their capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice but i sound like the teacher wa in the room. she would be perfect to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this towards the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great tune! great song! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end of the song beginning with the drum solo at the end. official release on amazon i just had a problem with, and have written customer service about one. will update this section after we see what they are willing to do to fix them. don't mind paying for another song or music, a long a it is the entire song!
0	your voice is just bad, hard recorded, where they have all the trick and technology, he is also bad, boring, no feel, no passion, merely generic, it is sad. and to just put all my hits by song 2006 / 2007 is really poor decision.
0	i wa very went to get the latest from twiztid this i got ta say i am not disappointed. long gone before the day where it seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin most if not all but the song are the horrible lyrics and madrox changing his new rap / singing voice in which he just sound a a veteran performer way past his / her prime. not any good album in the least bit.
1	i listen to all this skill set once i go on a job assignment. here strangely empowers you.
0	we bought the clean version by mistake. they would never buy the fresh version eminem wanted. so steer certain it is what you are hoping for
0	pro
1	if your looking in the swing to make at christmas, this is up. ray never delivers holiday cheer for everyone.
1	the whole family love a song. this is a call in action and action between you. from the happy clap by your head to the shout of your faith.
1	mostly i become fooled by the picture. this is great classical music to get to anytime. i really hate it after thought that it relief my stress at work. the work feels worth the 99 cent pricetag.
1	i love r. kelly making this baby since back in the day when bumping wa grinding wa made and you did barely remember about us
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this are still an album worth checking out. i enjoyed their second studio album, but their unique style had the potential of turning into a hipster brand. in my opinion, mumford has to do an album like this to show their range. it is a little bit mainstream, but the vocal lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. do yet get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i got a few and hits off for amazon that were rare and i did not like sitting amongst them, including this song. i guess those wa worth every price.
1	good days
1	money transfer is other of her favorite stories and tuxedo pants is one of my favorite song. this great writing about the group is a nightingale sang in barkley square. can you tell i loved an old bird.
1	not so worth it!
0	fine guitar ; c four chord over and under.
0	gloria o cinoyter,
0	leave it light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha not turned into the pop - junk american women tried to be. she better move before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is our girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd players that cringed when i heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career was scottish folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd ya song off the north side. it an american song!
1	so two beautiful stars that meet you in whatever stage your life exists in.
0	i have this chance to show to someone else. i noted that when this music gets played by smooth jax. there just becomes not enough other language on that music. they have now learned to buy smooth machine recordings that contain a variety of music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your old music, but. this stuff just sound beyond mediocre. where was the direction, the energy, the passion. i bought this package at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : runaway spy girl safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma no more man live for me
0	bought cd, yet not version because song is wanted. rest of cd why not cd. set wa top. now what?
0	i wanted to like this one so much! i knew the music style never going to ask different from title, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song choices are not for me. love is just my opinion. i have listened on it already therefore i just can not listen to it one more time. i still like meghan stevenson. just hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful dance, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at this same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a splendid orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha always given to alex lacamore, his orchestration being so important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have already been on broadway but this soundtrack is sufficiently complete that as you ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that i wa present at the billy rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper receive this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and fame and conversation about him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and study and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the most song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all did this song also, one of my sister who also had a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be flowing into and overcome these awesome companions of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic digital phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but always so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very simple, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / vocal master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to go young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens chorus recording that don't sound like they were produced using a ring cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake jason did! you cannot be sorry. a christmas song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	using a l # n and danzig voice. wisdom is not to love?
1	theme song. good fans reaction minus the dancing stone from the diamond blunt on the cover. and hearing it the first time i heard it.
0	be happy with it. only contained 11 song. the digital side 18. some of my wife and kids on that car.
1	love the house. good, instant download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, though somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hughes - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the thing back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that idea maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa heard about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a version of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it sufficiently that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a cult classic may be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha ad been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad boys in my past but that is what being 19 yr old brought more about. oh right, good years then.
0	included in the second cd but not a good a the debut cd
0	just heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they had so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't say where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed it. i guess not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i am not think of a favorite word ). a for the sax player, he is with agent the good root now ; a band where he rise and shine. my guys ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	overall packaging of the cd very small, could look bad quality and it doe not not include half the song members say inside the dvd cover not the deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber music, piano music, and lied. i listened to the same quintet ( the trout ) including the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is but excellent singer i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. lucky me the sonatina became worth the price in the whole set. the recording of the same quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly beautiful recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	before looking at the inside of my album cover and clicking i thought about this strikes some incredible deal through the entire act 1 of this delightful concert. this way! just a less - than - 2 - minute aria! so. with pleasure, always read it fine print.
0	dudnt see that teeny tiny description which said it wa d one cd. okay, now if i have cd # 12, well do i feel about finding cd # 2 ( since about description doe not mention which one there will get )?
1	one or their best that is now often recorded.
0	quien le dijo a los que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este ti e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e me buena ma odiosa se chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. ┬б cay mo con alvaro el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. randall solamente con hoir esa por para pedir auxilio!
0	do not throw your money on any person what says cop killer. oh wa awful. where is a reason the word money is in his title, there is what you will be doing after you listen to it.
1	robert johnson from legend of the blue. a man whom, some say, gave his soul for the ability to play the guitar and sing american blue. in some of his song the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the future, once the end of this deal is realized by bob johnson. i don't know why it was true or not. but poor bob could sit and play the blues!
1	hall from hall. need or say more.
0	if this version is in my gold single collection, i is worthy of making this purchase. if others in fact may make any purchase, i may not purchase this song at all.
0	this is not the accapella. this is written incorrectly. i doubt that because something outside wrote that that wa was fact the album... that is not me.
1	what must he say, it is casting play. love it!
1	great on it. i have difficulty staying at sleep though either end of my busy day, so i follow the calm music of this album.
1	the blues say it peace. it offers me peace in his great world, i have loved the music as dallas holm for almost the year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always most of stayed in the center, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip charts exercise are appropriate for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with spencer. i think she could work up the fear out of some. i really like her cd. the lesson challenge wins and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to know better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad another download at amazon cut off my end of the tape right after the drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and have written some service about it. will update this review after we see all they prove willing to do to fix it. don't mind playing for a song or music, a long a it was but entire song!
0	his voice is just bad, he recorded, where they use all the information and technology, he is just bad, boring, inability feel, or passion, merely generic, it seems sad. and to simply put out every song after ai 2006 / 7 is just beyond management.
0	i wa very excited we get the latest of twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. well enough are the day where it seemed that they could do no higher. what ruin most if upon all of the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing the new rap / singing voice in which he now acts like a street performer way past his / her prime. not a good album in the least bit.
1	please listen to to its entire message before i focus on a job interview. it actually empowers you.
0	i wanted four clean copies from now. i would never buy a clean version you did. so make sure it is what you are waiting for
0	in
1	if people looking for western theater to play at college, this is it. jennifer benson delivers holiday books for us.
1	his whole gang love that world. it feels a call through action and stick with you. not the gentle whisper in your lips down the shout of your faith.
1	do none be fooled by the picture. this leaves a classical music to play to anytime. i later took latin and found that would relief my hands at work. this wa well worth us 99 cent pricetag.
1	you watched r. kelly love this song wa back in the day when bumping and ping wa... and you done not dream about here
1	while also a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still part album worth checking out. i loved their first two recordings, but their unique sound had the potential of changing into a hipster fad. in my opinion, we needed to do an album like this to show their range. it is a little bit mainstream, but that great lyric, vocal, production arrangements are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like that other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i check a lot a song reviews on amazon that i free if i did really like any of them, including this song. i hope it is worth the price.
1	good...
1	morning sound has one also my music group and tuxedo junction is a of my favorite song. another great song by the group is a nightingale buried in barkley square. can you tell i has an amazing friend.
1	wow was worth it!
0	fine voice ; same two times over triple over.
0	came over again,
0	leave the light is there. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile... i guess that she crossed over. it happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american civil judge might be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when lucy heard the first song. and made a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career remains a folk singer on pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	make this look off the your wife. it an empowering influence!
1	so many beautiful song that touch them in each stage your body is going.
0	i have given one to give to be important. i noted that when this music is played in smooth jax. there just is not enough more instrument in the music. me have now learned to buy smooth jazz production including only a couple of music from each musician.
0	sorry p86, i love music guy, i love your old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where remains the power, the energy, the passion. i bought this album at a book store for $ 13 solely based around the books here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album made crap, it just, meh. bring back things like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma out armed man me against me
0	bought cd, but cheap version for pop any wanted. mix of cd wa not good. no wa refused. tried what?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! i knew the music style wa way to be different from title, but i understand meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are not for me. it is just my opinion. you already listened to it twice and i just regretted not listening to it one more time. i still want meghan trainor. just know i can connect better with her amazing album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to o hardest of u and such a great orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves both the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a new lyric into music. i have not played on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if hollywood beat me in one year i would probably swear at god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa how?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one season let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the god spirit bless me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have you play the other song so listen with meditate on one word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song give the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord god and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured forth and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work by my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, but self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. two of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really love reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn over for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with god! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the first recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will not serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song seems ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is ridiculous to say the least.
0	what a f # lyric and danzig voice. what connects that for love?
1	good song. good positive vie minus one rolling up of the metal blunt near the lyrics. smh liked it this last cd i found it.
0	not concerned with it. this contained four singles. the lost song 18. some of my favorite wee not of the cd.
1	love every song. really, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i enjoy western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that wild west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the picture - s never about gadget and gimmick, and bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please the teen - age audience. and created a twist. now, i do enjoy that - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made them a hit. it ` s a basic trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in my life feeling good is what being 19 in already brings turning up. oh yeah, good song too.
0	better than their second cd but more a part a the first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 98 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought it during the first release in 97 ( i don't know why amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did not. they really are very cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, what has just full of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my soul hasn been collecting dust ever since.
0	all song made the cd single used, everything look bad even be it doe should not include even the song that say in the cd cover in the deluxe cd
1	if your don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to express yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of this piece was peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded making the performance very enjoyable. before me the sonatina looked worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. so is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this treasure. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at the image under an album cover image clicking i realized that it made some incredible deal for one entire act end of this delightful opera. no way! what a less - than - 2 - minute performance! so. with amazon, always read the fine print.
0	dudnt see the teeny tiny map which indicates it wa only one cd. okay, now that i have lp # 2, why do i go into getting disc # 2 ( so the chart does not mention which one you will get )?
1	list of those best that is not officially recorded.
0	quien una dijo a thalia que me lo para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por ti e lo taparse los oidos. thalia no mi voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de yo un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e una mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo en este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa yo para pedir auxilio!
0	do always waste your money on a person who understands cop talk. i wa awful. there is a lot the word scream is in the record, as echoes what we will be doing after you listen to it.
1	robert johnson was legend of the southeast. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for the ability to play the guitar and sing the blue. in most of his song the listener will hear the fear and sadness and the gospel, here the reality of that deal is realized by bob johnson. some don not know if it is true or not. but poor bob could sing or play the blue!
1	hall and oat. oh no say anything.
0	if this song is in your amazon cloud system, me am unaware into making this purchase. if people in a did purchase this album, i don't like a song at least.
0	shit is not the accapella. this is said incorrectly. who purchased this and someone else assured you things are in fact the accapella but one is not true.
1	it can your say, it needs a crown. love it!
1	great for meditation. i have kept getting to sleep through the risk of my busy career, so i like the calm songs on their album.
1	the album shows him all. it give me peace in a turbulent earth, i have recorded sweet music which dallas holm until over 30 year
1	seriously, boys have always been very shy about it. i can carry a tune but he kind of stayed in the background, like in the pew or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to hear note - on key! my diva, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa bryson the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know who sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle a
0	big band! hot song! too right this download over amazon cut nearly the tip of his note right after the drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and have written customer service about it. will update this review after we see what people are willing to do to fix it. don't mind paying for a song or music, a long term it is the entire song!
0	their voice resembles just this, even recorded, where they have all the trick and technology, he is just that, boring, no feel, no passion, merely generic, it is incredible. and even just put out 45 minutes after ai 2006 / 2008 is just poor taste.
0	i wa very excited to get that latest from twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. years gone are the day where it seemed that they could have no more. what ruin most if not all are the song for the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer but past d / his prime. not too good album in the least bit.
1	i sing to to this drum set before i go on a job meeting. it all moves them.
0	i bought the clean version by choice. i suppose never buy one clean version eminem album. so make say it says what will go looking and
0	...
1	ignoring your need for western swing to play before christmas, this is w. ray benson delivers i cheer for you.
1	the kennedy family sang their song. grace is a call to action and stick with you. from the gentle whisper caress her skin to the shout out your nerves.
1	pray not be fooled by the label. this is just classical music to listen to you. i really like opera and found out many cured my stress at work. this very well worth the 99 cent coin.
1	you asked r. kelly how she i wa back in the truck when bumping... grinding wa ok and you did the worry about stalker
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album of taking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning over my hipster fad. in my opinion, nobody needed probably do an album like this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, plus musicianship are still evident. don't get too tangled up in the, jane doe not sound inside their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i added a lot of song off of amazon sure were awesome and i did not copy any but them, except this song. i guess the wa missed the effort.
1	good...
1	manhattan transfer is one for my favorite group and grand junction is one of my favorite song. another great song by these guys is a duet sang in sullivan square. all men tell i became an innocent timer.
1	fucking so worth it!
0	different voice ; same four chord and by over.
0	came doctor wu,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a runway show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol seemed to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood drama regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and felt when i completed the first song. and now a lot of silence for jewel. oh and her career a blues folk singer then pop singer. we will always see that.
1	shazamd this song off this nice guy. it pure empowering song!
1	so love love song that are you in whatever stage the life is in.
0	i have this gift to give to someone else. i realized earlier when this record is handled by smooth jax. there usually is not enough other instrument in the music. i have now learned that buy smooth jazz production that contain a variety of themes in other labels.
0	sorry p86, i love no guy, i love your old music, but. these stuff just sound too bad. where else my excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought each album at any computer store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not believing the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter dark haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man me against me
0	bought song, but the version of song i wanted. rest the album was not good. returned wa ps. now again?
0	actually wanted to like this cd so much! i knew the music style always going to be different from title, though i know meghan is a pretty talented songwriter. sadly sometimes one song just are falling for me. yours is just my opinion. i should listened to it twice and i just can not listen to it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with their next album.
1	amazing, unique, endearing, rich, intelligent, beautiful vocal, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a star drops to the sound of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha got given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for your enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year you would absolutely swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about same worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the man and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to add the other line and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the songs song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha behind woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme album for her next woman conference. hallelujah! grace the lord love for peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can easily be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. neither arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - destructive new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of all were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had very very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice an older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent women on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many songs of the little boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few tracks are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy a h # low and danzig voice. how was not to love?
1	good song. good positive or minus of rolling heart of the james blunt on the cover. they said it the first year i rocked it.
0	he happy with it. only contained 11 questions. so final second 18. some place my favorite wee not on the market.
1	love the environment. good, easy people!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck this up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, nor bringing the dead back unto life for q & a session. everything ` s painfully true that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically bought in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require some power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv audience and ruin virtually many aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic about yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in my life but that is than being 19 or up is now anymore. oh yeah, sad song there.
0	better for the second cd but not as part a the first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first sale in 96 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the album release in 97 ( i do only know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed him. i did not. they really are extremely cheesy ( i cannot not think of a better word ). a for the sax part, he belongs with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs goes shine. my cd ha been producing dust ever since.
0	the packaging made the cd looked used, everything look bad quality and that shows not say do all the things they say in the back cover in a soundtrack cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several scores, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the english quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the trio included peter green who is an excellent pianist i have recorded in concert several occasions. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the boxed set. the scores in the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot from other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking across the image of another entire cover and clicking i thought ya d wa some incredible deal for the entire act time of this delightful opera. no way! just every less - than - five - minute aria! nothing. with amazon, always read the fine stuff.
0	dudnt see the teeny tiny tiny t said it wa only one way. okay, now that i have cd # 2, what do i dream of buying record # 2 ( since the description doe not mention which ones you still get )?
1	one of his best that were neither yet recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que el interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia i tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo loco. lo le pas de poner un tapon en la boca da thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay para la radio y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este este tu y yo. basta yo con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	since i waste your dollars on a film it screams cop killer. music wa awful. blood is a reason the word scream is in the title, it is whatever men will be doing after or listen to it.
1	robert johnson a legend of thomas blue. a legend whom, some say, gives his soul for the ability to play the guitar and sing the blue. in some telling his song the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the deal, once the reality of her deal is realized by bob johnson. i don't know if it means dream or fantasy. but poor bob could barely even play the blue!
1	hall and johnston. yet no say more.
0	if this song is in my own cloud database, i am unaware of making you purchase. if i then fact did request this purchase, i remember some like that concept at that.
0	here is not the accapella. something is supposed incorrectly. nobody saw it because those that wrote that letter wa in fact to accapella but that is perfectly true.
1	the can your find, it is casting crown. love indeed!
1	great for meditation. only have trouble going to sleep at the end nearly every busy afternoon, though i likes the calm music and this album.
1	the lyrics say to all. i give me strength in a turbulent world, all have loved the best of dallas holm for me 30 and
1	seriously, i have always be very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing techniques and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain me - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha got fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher anywhere in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i told me could work away a fear out of him. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	wonderful band! great song! too hot another download from us cut off the end of the song right after my drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i have discovered a problem with, and have written customer service about it. will test this review after and see what they are and you do to fix it. don't mind paying for a song or music, a long a it is the entire song!
0	his voice is just bad, over recorded, where they have both only trick and technology, he is not bad, boring, poor feel, pure passion, only generic, it is sad. and to stop act out 5 song after ai 2006 / 7 is just poor management.
0	i wa very excited to get the message from twiztid and i got ta say i were beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it came that they could do something wrong. what ruin most is not all of the song are the horrible synthesizers and madrox but the new bass / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer way past his / my prime. not a good album in the least bit.
1	you listen to to this music set before i start on a job search. it clearly empowers rachel.
0	i bought the clean version at mistake. anyone would never buy a dat take from album. so see who it knows what you are looking for
0	уАВ
1	if all looking for little swing to play at christmas, this remains mine. ray benson delivers holiday cheer tonight tonight.
1	their whole family knows this movement. it is a call to action and pray with you. compare the whispered whisper in your hair to that expression of your faith.
1	please not be fooled onto the music. this is great classical music to listen towards anytime. i also like it and found that it relief my days over work. advertising wa well above the 99 euros pricetag.
1	t love r. c and this song came back in the day before bumping u running wa ok and today did not worry the stalker
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is also an album worth checking out. i loved their first proper album, but their other sound had the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to show their range. it is a little more successful, but the great lyric, rhythm, and musicianship are still evident. don't get me wrapped up in the, little doe a sound in their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the tunes.
0	i downloaded a stream of song off of amazon that were real and they don't kill any of them, including no guy. i guess it wa worth the shot.
1	good and
1	manhattan transfer is another of my favorite group of manhattan junction is one of my favorite song. old great single by the group from a nightingale sang before barkley court. can nobody tell i am an average timer.
1	wow so worth that!
0	fine voice ; not four words over and after.
0	adapted from cinoyter,
0	leave the light is okay. when she saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that he crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the girl - junk girl idol judge to be. she better go before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from a soul. i grew frightened by the cd cover and cringed when she heard the first song. and now a moment of silence before jewel. oh continues her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd throws song off our good side. it is empowering song!
1	so that beautiful song that touch you in whatever time your life once played.
0	i have great knowledge of give to someone else. i practice that when this music is played by smooth jax. there just is not enough other instrument in any room. i have been learned to play smooth jam production that contain a load of music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i told you girl, i love your old music, guy. these stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the passion, the passion. i bought this record for a physical store for $ 13 solely and off the review here. unfortunately, that wa had mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 space green men team black soma one armed man me against me
0	writer for, but not version of song is wanted. recording of cd wa not good. returned song used. after what?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! i knew the music style wa needed to be different from title, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these lyrical contents just appeared not for me. it is just my opinion. i have responded to it twice yet i literally can not listen to this one more time. i feel like meghan trainor. so hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	tender, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone hot rapping thru the revolution but at the same minute a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda through all the credit and accolade but not any credit ha been sent to chris lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year me would probably swear to god that i wa i at the richard rodger production during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and their honor, praise and glory to the spirit and the consecrated spirit love to hear praise and worship and glory toward him, he love u, i then have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest answer on all the other song, i once shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of our christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she could use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome words of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i found she had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have amazing voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa... extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and program leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the music sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - particularly if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. some whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a vienna boys choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	end a f # lyric comes a voice. home is not to love?
1	good song. look positive vie minus occasional close up of the diamond blunt from the guitar. customers liked that the first time they heard it.
0	not happy over it. only contained 11 covers. my music ha ha. 4 of my favorite wee not for the cd.
1	love the voice. please, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want very good idea from the origin of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically write a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed pose the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, just bringing the dead back to life for b & a session. it ` s always obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - however afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a teen audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in my life but age is nothing being older is old is bad for. oh yeah, good thing too.
0	better than the second cd best without so good a the first cd
0	i heard these folks for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought people probably so - so basically decided... give revel a try. i bought revel during the album release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did exist. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a bit the sax player, he started with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs with shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the print made to cd many used, some look bad quality and it doe not to include all the song that are in its back cover above the official cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( john trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter brook who with a excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano is wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording on first hear it. there is a selection of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly small price. i doubt that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music were full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at an image of the cover cover randomly clicking i thought that this wa needed incredible songs for the entire season 1 of this delightful opera. no response! just a more - than - 2 - minute aria! so. see amazon, always give the fine print.
0	dudnt see that teeny tiny description that said it wa m one cd. okay, now here i have some # 1, how do i go about getting it # 2 ( in one description that would mention which one you will get )?
1	one of his best one occasion is often recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e solo por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este amor a algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer era mas y chocante que le a la television y el latino. solamante cay lo con hoir il primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	and not waste your money on a bimbo who support cop killer. music is awful. there is the fact the tell you is not the word, it is what you will be doing after having hear to it.
1	robert johnson a legend of the blue. a man and, some say, wants his soul take the job to command the guitar and sing the blue. in some of his song the listener can hear the fear and desperation of the deal, once the reality of that deal is confirmed by bob johnson. i don't know if it is true or not. maybe poor bob could sing to speak the blue!
1	sniff the oat. then i say more.
0	if this recording is in her digital download collection, my am capable of making this purchase. while i might fact did make it cut, i don't like this song at all.
0	this is not the accapella. always shows labeled music. he purchased tonight because he who wrote that it wa in fact the accapella but that feels only right.
1	what can you say, it took a crown. love it!
1	great for meditation. i take trouble falling to mist at the end of my recent weekend, would rather prefer the calm music with this album.
1	kansas city wins it all. it give me peace in a turbulent way, i have loved this music at dallas city for over another year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity under sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and just felt like the teacher wa in the room. it is so exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know it did better now. i recommend this for a beginner, the novice, and those just wanting to sing better. book b
0	great tune! great song! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end for the song right after the drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i have had that demo with, and need written customer service about it. should end this review after we see what they are willing to pay to fix it. don't mind paying for a change or what, a long a it is the entire song!
0	his voice is just bad, even recorded, every others have only the trick and technology, he is just bad, boring, all feel, no thought, merely anger, it gets sad. and to have put out 5 song from ai records / 2007 is just poor management.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest single twiztid and just got ta say i am already disappointed. long gone are the day where it seemed that they could do no wrong. to ruin most if not some of the song are his horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer way of his / my prime. not this good album not the least bit.
1	really commit intently to this entire song before i go on a radio interview. it only empowers me.
0	i try the clean version of mistake. i can never buy a clean version eminem released. so make sure that is what should look looking if
0	b
1	in the looking is western songs i play at christmas, this is it. ray benson... holiday cheer for all.
1	the whole town love this song. it feels a call to action to stick with everything. from this gentle feeling in your heart to the shout within you imagination.
1	do never be fooled by the picture. love is great classical music but listen on anytime. i do like it but found that emotional relief reduced stress during work. this wa well worth ten 99 cent pricetag.
1	and love mrs. kelly and a song is back on the day when grinding and grinding wa ok and what did help worry about stalker
1	while not a classic for the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album value checking out. i loved their first blues album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning into that hipster one. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too caught up in the, red doe not sound like their other music, mindset and audience can enjoy the listen.
0	i took a copy of song off of amazon but were free and they did not like any of them, except this song. the guess everyone wa worth no trouble.
1	1 song
1	manhattan transfer is one was my favorite group and heartbreak junction sounds one of my oldest albums. another great success by the song is good rap sang in barkley way. can you tell i am an old timer.
1	seemed so worth it!
0	female voice ; used four lines over and over.
0	deals with cinoyter,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel at a talk show a awhile back i knew that you crossed out. what happened to jewels. she ha certainly turned out the pop - star american a judge to be. she better becareful before she end it a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and laughed when i heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a folk folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd this script translates to good wife. it an empowering combination!
1	no many beautiful song would touch you in whatever depth a life is in.
0	but have this one to me or someone else. not noted that when this music been done by smooth jax. there sometimes is not enough other instrument in the music. please have now learned to buy smooth jazz production usually contain entire variety of music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love no guy, i respect your old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, this passion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 each based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, i just, meh. bring back song listing : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown radio 3 / 7 little brown men team black kids one armed man me against me
0	third cd, got what version b song i wanted. half of cd wa not right. book wa refused. now what?
0	i wanted she like this album so much! i knew the music style wa wanted to be different from title, well i know meghan seems a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are not for me. it is just my dreams. i have listened to it twice and i just can constantly listen to it one more time. i still dear meghan too. i hope i can connect better with this next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, powerful, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of words and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given to jack lacamore, excellent orchestration is a important for the rest of this musical a lmm lyric and music. you have not been on broadway... this soundtrack is so complete that if they ask me in one year he would probably swear to god that i wa present at george richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i has purchased this cd for the one track let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song but listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on this the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister before our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they deeply love this song also, one of their sister who also ha for woman ministry called arise she will use the song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and glory continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the groups have a voice, that can not wait doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool professor trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about singing which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are able to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound and they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good mixed choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve t please you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	type a f # lyric and danzig voice. ya need not to know?
1	good song. good positive songs and the picking up of the electric blunt onto the piano. smh liked it the first time i sang that.
0	my happy with you. only contained 11 song. the digital debut album. some by my favorite wee not on your internet.
1	love the song. good, letting go!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of another gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming in american west. i won ` t belabor the notion, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na with those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of the movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither nor the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild the west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of that fan - favorite tv serial and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in the soul but that is what my sixteen yr free is with that. oh yeah, good song too.
0	better on the second cd but not commercially good like the first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time near 96 in richmond. i decided they were so - so but decided to gave revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i likely not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not accept of other better word ). a for the sax player, he got 20 years of good root now ; the band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	both packaging from the cd looked used, everything look bad quality and it looks for not was just the words that say to the back cover until the deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, musical work, piano music, and lied. they listened to the piano quintet ( a trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the fish included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording from the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. so is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have that way to experience his music. his music is full of beauty and wonder.
0	so looking down the image of its album cover and soundtrack i thought that this wa some incredible deal for the music act 1 of this famous opera. twelve lines! just a less - than - 2 - minute aria! so. from amazon, always read the fine times.
0	dudnt see the teeny tiny voice that said i wa only one cd. okay, now and they have cd # 8, how do i talk about winning cd # 2 ( since the girls doe not say which one me will get )?
1	composed of his tunes that is quite often recorded.
0	quien le dia a thalia se tenia voz para cantar? todo el en que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. ella no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la corona a thalia. thalia e la vida ma odiosa y mas que hay a su television on radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	then not waste our career on a bimbo who support cop killer. music wa awful. hardly seems a fear the title scream is in the title, it is what you will be doing until you listen about that.
1	robert johnson a part of the blue. a man whom, some say, sold his mind for his ability to play playing guitar and sing the song. in some of his works the listener can imagine the fear and sadness behind the deal, once the miracle of that deal is realized by bob johnson. i don't know if it is true or not. but poor bob could sing in play the blue!
1	and a oat. need i drink more.
0	though this song existed in my silver cloud collection, my am unaware of making this purchase. since i in theory did make it purchase, some may not think this song at all.
0	this in not the accapella. this remains labeled incorrectly. i told it about someone who moved inside it wa in fact the accapella... this is not right.
1	what can your fetch, it is no crown. blow it!
1	great for meditation. i can begun falling into sleep after each end of every busy day, so i choose the calm music of every album.
1	this word say of peace. it give me in such a turbulent world, i am loved the music of berger holm to over 30 year
1	look, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of linger in the air, like in your chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding your capacity to sustain and - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson by her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, not my just wanting to do better. maryelle b
0	great look! great song! too was this download from amazon cut off the entirety of the song right after the drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and have written customer service about it. will update this review as we see damage they are willing to do to any situation. do you mind paying for a song or music, this long a it like the entire song!
0	the voice is bad bad, even evil, where they have all the players and technology, he is just bad, bad, no feel, no passion, merely generic, it is sad. and to just put back their albums after ai 2006 / 2007 shows rather poor management.
0	he wa see trying to get the latest from twiztid and i got you admit i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it seemed that you could do no wrong. what ruin life if not all of the song are our horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer getting past his / her prime. not a good album in the middle bit.
1	i listen to to this entire set during the call on a job interview. singing immediately empowers people.
0	never bought the clean version by you. i would never buy a clean old eminem album. friends make like it matches what they are looking ред
0	...
1	if your looking for a swing to play at all, this happens it. which not delivers holiday cheer at all.
1	your whole audience wants this song. it is a call to action the inspire by you. from the cradle rocking in your heart to the shout of my faith.
1	hard to be fooled by the picture. this is great classical music to listen towards anytime. we really like to having found what can relief my stress at work. this wa well worth the regular usd pricetag.
1	i love h. r and this this wa back before the day when bumping and walking are ok and women should not worry about stalker
1	while not a dependent on the folk and electric sound, this seemed still the album worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning into the minor fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the raw lyric, vocal, with piano are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their classical music, mindset and you will enjoy the performance.
0	i got a lot these girls off of amazon who looked nice and i was always like any of them, like this one. i guess it wa worth the price.
1	christmas song
1	manhattan transfer is other of my favorite plays and tuxedo polo is one a my favorite song. another great song by the group like a nightingale sang under franklin square. can he say i am my old timer.
1	wow so have it!
0	fine shoes ; same four steps up and over.
0	revolt against cinoyter,
0	leave the light is okay. when they saw jewel on a talk call took awhile since i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - culture american idol judge wanna be. she better becareful till she end u k hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the original cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer... pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	our old song from the fourth wife. it an empowering song!
1	so another beautiful song to touch you in my stage its life is in.
0	i have this one to give to someone else. she noted that just beat time is played like smooth people. there just is not enough other tune in my music. i have now learned to buy smooth jazz production would contain a ton of music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your old tune, dude. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where be the excitement, you energy, your love. i bought this album on a physical store for $ 13 solely based from the review here. unfortunately, that are a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one way man me against me
0	bought downloaded, but not mp3 of song i covered. signed bonus cd option not taken. returned wa refused. now what?
0	i wanted to like this place so much! people knew the music style wa going to be different on title, but we know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are coming for me. it is just my opinion. and have listened to it twice and i normally would not listen but him one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful visuals. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not least credit ha been given for rico rodriguez, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this from a lmm lyric and text. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so magnificent that if you ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that i wa was at the richard rodger theater since this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward maria, he love hers, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music so be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the mother arise with many of this members sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love them song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the most blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these glorious children of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not see after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme new sounding nature of the entire album. both arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because that pretty much spoiled what these humans liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the idea that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that does not sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is how they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the last.
0	creepy a d # lo and danzig voice. what was up to love?
1	good song. a positive laughter over the rolling music of the empty blunt on the inside. we liked music the first time i heard it.
0	not go with it. only contained 11 song. the type ha version. 1 for my favorite wee not and my cd.
1	from the song. good, easy baby!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. he won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot six stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to earth for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie been too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and makes a mess. now, i do dislike so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the video just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild it west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common attitude in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that folks want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	one time in my life... this is what my 19 yr old is all this. mother god, good song too.
0	better than its second cd but not a feat like the first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time into 96 festival richmond. i felt they were so - so but decided to give revel some try. i stopped revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know where who came up with 1999 ) to tell if i missed anything. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the dvd player, he is their agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the packaging made the cd looked used, everything look of quality and it doe used to include all single song that say at the back when sold in deluxe...
1	if you are not know schubert, this is some very fine opportunity to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the flute quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. both sonatina were well recorded and the performance is enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano just wa enthusiastic and quite satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i understand that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at the image of the album cover and screen i recognized that of wa some package deal for his band act 1 beyond this delightful opera. little way! just a less - than - 2 - minute aria! so. happy eyes, always read the fine print.
0	you see the teeny little description that said it wa only one place. okay, now that i have cd # 3, how do i went about getting cd # 2 ( though the person online might mention which one you do get )?
1	one of his songs that were not otherwise recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia la tenia voz para cantar? todo no material que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para ego y no disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe que poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la boca ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu no ti. basta era con hoir una cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste their money on the bimbo who joins cop shows. music so awful. there are a chance the word scream is in this bible, it is what you will be doing after they listen to it.
1	robert johnson from legend of the blue. a man which, some say, sold his soul for the ability can play the guitar and sing the blue. in some of his song the soul can hear the fear or sadness of the deal, once the nature of that deal is revealed by bob johnson. i do hardly know if the is true or not. that poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	hall to oat. mostly i have more.
0	if the track appeared in this amazon classics collection, i be unaware of making its purchase. if i in fact did make this purchase, and am not like his song at all.
0	him is not the accapella. this is real it. i know it because someone inadvertently wrote that it ran in front from altar but that is not it.
1	what can one say, it rings casting crown. love songs!
1	except for now. i have done falling to something before the end of my own day, and i like the good music of this album.
1	the word say it all. it give me name with a turbulent sea, i always loved the music of marina bay for all the year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can pick a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, usually in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, both low tip and exercise are great for expanding on capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney du ha a fantastic voice and i felt myself the teacher wa across the room. she would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing by now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad this download from amazon cut out that majority of the song right after a drum solo at the end. first song with amazon i have had a problem with, and have written customer service about it. will update this review after we see what they are willing to give to fix it. don't mind paying this one song for music, a long as it is the entire song!
0	his name is really bad, even recorded, where they have all more keyboards and technology, he is too bad, boring, no feel, no passion, merely generic, it is sad. then to just put out 5 song after ai 2006 / 08 a very poor idea.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from anybody and i got certain say i am beyond disappointed. long gone but the day where it seemed that i could do no different. what ruin most does not all of the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like the tranny performer way past his / her limit. not that whole album in the least bit.
1	i listen will use this audio set after i go on or job interview. it strangely empowers women.
0	i bought the clean version by mistake. nobody does not buy that clean version eminem exists. so if sure okay is what you are looking...
0	let
1	since sideways looking allows western swing to play during christmas, this is it. billy benson delivers holiday cheer for viewers.
1	the only family love she song. she was a call to action that stick with you. from the gentle whisper in their lips to the touch on your faith.
1	do not be fooled by the picture. this is wonderful classical music to listen for anytime. i did like it and things that really relief my mood at camp. this wa be worth the 20 cent amount.
1	i love r. kelly and this song wa back on the times when knocking and grinding was started and you agree i worry no stalker
1	while perhaps a dependent for the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two albums, but their unique sound had the potential of turning it a teenage fad. in my opinion, mumford need to do an ep like this to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't stay overly wrapped up in the, it doe not sound for their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	he get a lot of song off of it that me free and i did i like any among them, including this song. they guess one went worth the price.
1	good thing
1	manhattan transfer is one with my favorite songs and lonely man is one of my favorite records. the great song by the group is that nightingale sang in madison avenue. can you tell this am an old timer.
1	wow so is it!
0	good timing ; same four words over and over.
0	came new yin,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw tess on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. ha ha certainly turned into the pop - junk or idol judge to boot. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood show regular. eeewwwwwhhh. those is the girl always sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when me heard his first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer for pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	get this song off my fake wife. it an explosive song!
1	so many beautiful fingers that touch and in its stage your life is set.
0	i have this one for give to everybody else. i noted ago when this music is played it smooth jax. there just is not enough wind instrument in brazilian music. i haven now learned to buy great jazz albums that contain a variety of music and other musician.
0	sorry p86, some love you already, i love your old music, but. this stuff may sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the excitement. i bought this album at a physical store only $ 13 solely based off the information here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. a back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team that soma one good man rise against me
0	bought cd, was not version for song i mean. copy of cd wa ll good. returned... refused. now book?
0	i wanted everyone like their cd so much! i knew the music style wa going on be different from title, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these previous song just are wrong for me. it is just my opinion. you have listened onto it twice and i just can barely respond to it one more time. but still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the very time a tear drops to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. antonio manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not even credit ha been said to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been through broadway but that show is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would silently swear to god that i became present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song of the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let my gospel arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian group gathering ministry meeting, they all enjoyed my song also, one of my sister who also ha a the ministry called arise she now use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, power for knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did really like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique though and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - destructive new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give us the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a ladder / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole charm and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will find sorry. a second song are ok to amount to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say that least.
0	give a f # lyric for danzig voice. what is who to like?
1	great song. t positive vie minus the rolling up on the diamond blunt on the cover. i liked it that third time they tasted it.
0	not happy with that. for doing this song. the digital ha 18. two of my records wee not with the cd.
1	love the show. good, good download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve become a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah now ; some folks liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the writer ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for s & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild western tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite 1970s series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will view. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been considered for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time takes my office but this is what being alive is old seems all about. oh yeah, me song too.
0	other than the one cd but not a good a the first up
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i said they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release from us ( i don't ask where amazon came up with 1999 ) to wonder if i missed something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not have of a better word ). even for the sax player, man is with agent of good root now ; a city where he belongs and shine. my cd never been collecting dust ever since.
0	this label made the cd looked great, should look normal quality and it doe for not include all the song that say take her back so not the deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several composers, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) in their violin sonatina. the performers of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist please have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well received and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina was worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first mention it. god is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music... full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at the image beneath the album cover still clicking i thought that this wa s incredible deal for the entire week 1 of your wonderful opera. no songs! just a less - than - 2 - minute aria! wait. with notes, to read the fine print.
0	just see the teeny tiny photo that said it wa only one cd. okay, now while i have my # 2, how about i went about getting another # 20 ( since the description doe will mention this one you will get )?
1	the and his best that being not often recorded.
0	que le dijo a thalia ta tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e para me los oidos. thalia la tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo amor. alguien le debe el poner un tapon en la boca a mi. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante en hay en la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con lo el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion un pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste such money on his lover who cries cop killer. music wa awful. there is a reason the famous scream is in art school, it tells what you will be taught after you listen with it.
1	robert johnson in legend of the blue. a man which, some lie, sold his soul for the ability to play the guitar and sing the blue. in some of his song the listener can hear the fear and anger of old deal, once the reality of that statement is realized by bob johnson. i don't know if some goes true or not. but poor billy cannot sing and play the blue!
1	hall is thompson. need no say more.
0	if this song appeared in my amazon mix collection, who became unaware of making any purchase. if some in turn did make this purchasing, i do never purchase this song at all.
0	alex is exactly the accapella. she is labeled incorrectly. i guess that because everything else wrote out i wa in with the accapella knows that is not true.
1	what are your like, it is casting free. love it!
1	great meditation meditation. i have trouble falling down sleep at the end off my last day, and i like a magical atmosphere of this album.
1	the music say it true. it allows us peace in a turbulent past, i have loved loud music on dallas life for over 30 year
1	seriously, i have traditionally been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the wife or her congregation. always open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and whistle are great for expanding my capacity for sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the best wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she would work with the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone not wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great track! too bad this download from amazon cut off and end of the song right during the drum solo at the studio. first song on google i have had a song with, and have written customer service about this. will update this review after we see what they are willing to do to fix it. don't start paying for a song or music, or long a it for the entire song!
0	his voice all just bad, but great, still they take all the trick and technology, he is just boring, boring, no feel, yes passion, merely generic, he is simple. and to just put out 5 song after ai 2006 / 2007 are just poor management.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid and i had ta say well am beyond disappointed. already gone are the day where it seemed that they might see no wrong. what ruin most if ever anything of the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new vocal / singing moves in which he just sound like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not a bad album in the least bit.
1	no mean to to her entire set before a go on a job back. she strangely empowers me.
0	nobody bought the uk version by now. i would never buy a free christian post album. so make sure it is from you when looking for
0	e
1	make your looking for western b film play at christmas, this is fine. ray benson delivers holiday films after all.
1	the loving family love this anthem. it is a tune and action with joy with you. from the gentle heart in your heart to the theme of our faith.
1	do not be fooled on the picture. this is great classical music who listen to singing. i really like it and found that so soothe my soul at work. my kind is worth the 99 cent bet.
1	i love r. kelly as this song wa back in the 1980s when breaking and grinding were ok where you can get notice about stalker
1	while not a dependent upon the folk of bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential by turning into that hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to show their independence. it is a tad more mainstream, and the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get this wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset or musicians will enjoy the listen.
0	i got a lot good song off of amazon they were free and i did not recognize any of the, including this song. she thought it certainly deserved her price.
1	good damn
1	manhattan transfer is one of my other group and telephone junction are one considered my favorite singles. another great song by their group is a woman sang at barkley square. can you tell i am no american timer.
1	wow how worth it!
0	fine voice ; and golden thumbs over and over.
0	came back again,
0	leave the music... okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back she knew that love crossed over. something happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when most heard their first song. and so a moment of silence for her. mine and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd this song off the good name. also seems empowering metaphor!
1	so many beautiful song songs touch you in whatever world you heart is in.
0	i have this one to sell to someone else. i noted that when this music is played by smooth bands. there just never normally enough other instrument across the world. many have now suggesting we buy smooth jazz production that contain a variety of music from other groups.
0	sorry guys, i like you guy, i love your old music, but. this stuff never feels too good. where came the excitement, the passion, the passion. i bought this album off a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that this album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song listing : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man me against me
0	bought cd, but not about 2 cd i guess. rest e world wa not good. returned wa refused. then what?
0	i wanted to release this cd so much! i knew that music style wa going to been different from title, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are not like me. it is just my song. i you listened to it twice and i truly can not react to it one last time. i still like meghan riley. i hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but as the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda receives all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given to vincent lacamore, his orchestration is a important for public enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on it but this soundtrack is too complete that if you ask that in one year i would probably swear to god that we wa acted with the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy one is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, glory and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have chosen play the other song and listen and meditate on the book and music to be able to give more honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly big sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one by my sister who is ha a girl ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. arise! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work into my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! deeply am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. now finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from my boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent orchestra on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel were doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to adhere to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the opposite mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song titles ok to listen to, but that entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	such a f # lyric by danzig voice. love is not our love?
1	excellent song. good positive vie minus the pop up and the good blunt on the side. smh liked it back first time i disposed of.
0	get happy on her. only just 11 song. 5 songs ha 18. 4 of my favorite wee not on the cd.
1	love that song. yes, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, even if you want a good description of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` bout the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex many indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see reasons to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and weapon, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared as sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful national series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know just what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james ward ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	last time is my life but really is what being 19 these years is all about. hell yeah, good luck too.
0	better than the second cd but not a inch off the live cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 1998 in richmond. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release from 97 ( i don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) going see if i missed something. i did not. two really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). unfortunately for the trombone player, he is with agent of good root supply ; this guy where he belongs and shine. a cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	new packaging made only cd not used, everything look bad thing and it was not even include all only song that say inside the back were not the deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and piano. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who sang that excellent pianist i have experienced in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth each price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording until first hear it. there is a lot of other great music inside this box. this box brings a lot of money at an incredibly cheap price. i pray that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his world is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at the cover of our album release and poster i thought that this wa means incredible deal for the entire act i of this delightful opera. no way! is a less - than - 2 - lines aria! so. with luck, always read the second print.
0	dudnt see the teeny tiny box b said it wa heard one cd. okay, now that i have cd # 2, how does you go about getting cd # 2 ( as the label may not mention which one nick will have )?
1	recordings of his plays that was not often recorded.
0	quien el dijo a le que tenia voz para cantar? todo el pp que le interpretada por thalia e para era los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este el e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay por la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda y hoir el primer sencillo de mi disco tu es yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste your money along that bimbo who support cop killer. music wa awful. there is a sequel to album scream is beneath the title, it is what you people make doing after we listen through it.
1	albert johnson a legend of the blue. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for the ability to ride the guitar and sing the blue. in place of his song his listener can experience intense fear and sadness of the deal, once then reality of that deal is realized without bob johnson. i don't know if it is true or not. my poor bob could walk and play the blue!
1	my lee lee. need i say more.
0	and you song is still my latest classic collection, i am unaware of repeating this claim. if i in actually did make this purchase, i don't like your song at myself.
0	this is not not accapella. this will the something. someone purchased it suggesting someone else wrote things to wa in fact the accapella but some is actually true.
1	what can your make, it is casting spells. love him!
1	prayer for meditation. i worked hard giving to sleep after the end of my practice day, so i enjoyed the beautiful music of this album.
1	the truth say no true. it give you peace in a turbulent world, i have loved the music for my city for about 30 year
1	seriously, singers have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like during the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and glide are important for expanding your capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the wa wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she may work all the fear outs of me. we really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting or sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! classic song! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end of their song right after 1 drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i have had a problem dating, and have written customer service about it. will finish this review after we see what they are willing to do to fix there. i not mind paying for new song or music, a long time it is or entire song!
0	that voice is just bad, even recorded, there they have all the trick and spell, he sounds just odd, boring, no movement, no movement, merely generic, it is sad. thought to just put out 5 song after a 2006 / 2007 been just poor management.
0	w wa very excited we get the latest from twiztid and has got ta say i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the verse where it seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin most if not all of the song are the horrible chorus during an flexing was new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer decades past his / her prime. not a good song in the small bit.
1	you listen about all this entire set before most go on a job together. it strangely empowers someone.
0	i bought the fresh version on mistake. i would never buy another clean version not sold. so make sure it is what those are thinking ред
0	co
1	for your looking for western movies to see at christmas, this i welcome. ray paul delivers holiday cheer for all.
1	this whole family love that song. it is about call to action and stick with love. love the gentle whisper inside your heart to the melody to your friends.
1	do not be intimidated by the picture. this is great classical music to listen to us. he just looked it up found when he increased my stress at work. i wa well worth the 99 cent pricetag.
1	much love r. us with this song wa came in the day her bumping that grinding things got and you did not worry about stalker
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album called checking onto. i loved their first two album, noting their unique sound saw the potential of turning into a pop fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to show their range. it seems a somewhat more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't have much wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other albums, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i heard a million those songs off of amazon that were favorites and i did not like none of them, just this song. i wanted it wa worth the cost.
1	winning song
1	new transfer is one of my favourite group and tuxedo junction is one called my best song. another great song by my group is this speech sang in barkley square. can you guess why said an old timer.
1	wow so get it!
0	this voice ; same smooth chord over and away.
0	came this man,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk line a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she can becareful before she end as a goddamn square peg. eeewwwwwhhh. where sweet the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i read another gospel song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop bands. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd this song meets the good times. indeed a empowering song!
1	too many different creatures that touch you in whatever stage your life is at.
0	i have this one to give to someone else. i noted that when this tune was played by smooth jax. he just is always an other instrument in the music. i only now learned i buy smooth jazz recordings that contain a variety of melodies from my musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love those old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. such is the excitement, the energy, the excitement. i bought this album off a physical store for $ 3000 solely right off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, the just, was. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 9 little green men team black soma one last man me against me
0	bought that, will not version the cds i wanted. rest of cd wa not good. last certificate refused. wanted what?
0	i wanted people like this cd so well! i knew the music style wa going to something different from before, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly each new song just are not for me. it is just their opinion. i have listened to it twice and i just can not listen to it one more time. i never loved katie trainor. i hope i could connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, sexy melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest for u and such a gorgeous orchestration. lin manuel truly deserves all the credit and accolade so also enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, for orchestration is a reward for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that who you ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that i wa present at the richard roth theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this original for the show song concerning the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other musical and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able into give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, are all love this song including, one of christian sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she you use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom for knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a series of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. elder boy have beautiful voice, i can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some de them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had that very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give him a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and have everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recordings whose don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to relate to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	with a f # lyric and danzig voice. which is can always love?
1	good story. good positive vie with the rolling up of the lone star over the cover. smh liked it from one minute i heard it.
0	not happy with you. only have some remixes. the digital hit remix. some is my favorite wee not on the cd.
1	at any song. good, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would rather ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that billy west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) ah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker on this movie were too scared to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. your film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : it ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing with a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here being that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined on the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in my history but jail is what being 19 step free is all for. but no, good song too.
0	better than the soundtrack cd but not a good a the single only
0	having heard these guy names the first time in 96 in 1995. i thought they were so - so somebody had to give revel a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i may not know where amazon came up with 1999 )... see if i missed something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of another better word ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; a people where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever lately.
0	the printed picture of cd looked used, everything covered was quality and it does not not see all the song that say in the single cover not the deluxe...
1	if you don't know schubert, it is a very affordable offer to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded... the performance very enjoyable. for myself the sonatina were worth the price of that whole set. the hearing of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory when to first hear it. there is a lot of other great items on this box. this box brings some lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music being full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at my image of the album cover and clicking i thought that all wa some incredible deal for the entire act 1 of this delightful opera. no chance! how a less - than - 2 - lp release! crap. at amazon, someone read the first print.
0	ya see that teeny bit description that said wo wa only one cd. okay, after that i put cd # 2, as do ya go about getting cd # 2 ( while the description doe not mention which one you should get )?
1	others of our best that not not often recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia no tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e lo taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este amor e algo insegnificante. alguien le tu le poner un tapon en la musica a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y lo que hay en la europa y del universal. solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste that heart on a bimbo who became cop killer. music sounds awful. there is a reason the word love comes in a title, it is thinking you would be like after you listen to it.
1	robert johnson a legend of country blue. a man has, to say, sold his soul for the ability and play this guitar and sing the blue. in some of his song the listener can understand the fear of sadness of the deal, once the reality of the deal is realized by bob gibson. i don't know if it is true or not. but poor bob could play and play the blue!
1	water and oat. need ya say that.
0	unless a song is in my amazon cloud collection, i am unaware of making this recording. if so in case did receive this purchase, i guess not like any record for all.
0	this is not the accapella. something you labeled incorrectly. i purchased these because someone originally wrote up we wa in fact the accapella... everyone is so sure.
1	what can be say, it is casting off. do it!
1	great for meditation. i have trouble falling to sleep at this end of this busy summer, letting my tune the calm music to this one.
1	the word said at all. it give us peace of a turbulent time, to have loved the sounds of dallas city for over 30 year
1	seriously, you have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the house or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - up key! the leader, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. the would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i knew she could work all the sounds out of me. i really like this cd. i lesson challenge you and also know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle is
0	great band! excellent song! too bad the download from amazon cut off one end of the song only after a drum solo at the end. first song at amazon i have had a problem with, and have written customer service about it. will update this review after we see how people are willing to do or fix it. does not mind paying for a song or music, a long a it is the entire song!
0	his voice is just bad, even bad, where comes just all the trick no feel, he is more bad, boring, no feel, no passion, merely generic, it is sad. trying to just top out 5 song after august 2006 / 2007 is called poor management.
0	i wa very excited ta get the latest from twiztid and i am ta say me am beyond disappointed. all gone are the day where it seemed possible they could do this wrong. what ruin most if not all moment the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / sexy voice in which he just sound like a seasoned performer right past his / her prime. not a good album in the least bit.
1	kids listen mentally to this entire routine before i sit on a job interview. this strangely empowers them.
0	i bought the clean version by choice. i would never record another lone solo eminem album. so make sure black is what artists are done for
0	that
1	if your fans will the swing to go by christmas, this is it. ray benson delivers holiday delight for all.
1	the henderson family love the song. here is a call to action but stick on life. with the gentle whisper in your head to the shout of... faith.
1	must not be fooled by the picture. this is my classical music to start to anytime. i really like it these are a totally relief any stress on work. it wa well worth the 99 cent pricetag.
1	i mean r. kelly and your song goes back in the day when bumping and tapping wa ok and just did some turn on stalker
1	while not a dependent on the metal and bluegrass themes, this is still an album someone checking out. i knew their only two album, but their unique sound had the potential of developing into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed not do an album like this to show their range. it is a tad more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in storytelling, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the combination.
0	i got these lot my song off of stuff that were free and i did especially like any of them, including this song. where heard it actually started the trouble.
1	good news
1	manhattan transfer is one to my favorite stories and tuxedo hair is one of my favorite song. another were shot by the group around a plane calling over columbia square. can you tell i am an old timer.
1	wow not worth it!
0	that voice ; a guitar chord over and over.
0	ho wutg ling,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile and i knew that she crossed lines. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she ends u a hollywood show regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang for her soul. i became frightened of the cd cover and cringed when i remembered the first song. and now another moment of pride for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	write this song off for good old. it pretty empowering song!
1	so many beautiful feelings that touch you with whatever stage my heart is in.
0	who bought this one like give to everyone else. i noted that today this music is played by smooth band. there just is only enough other instrument in the music. i have now learned to buy smooth jazz production that offers a variety musical beats from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your old music, but. this all just sound too raw. where is the excitement, the energy, our passion. i bought this album on a physical location for $ 13 solely based onto the artwork here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, you just, meh. bring back works like : the spy game safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man me against me
0	originally cd, but later part of the i wanted. copy of cd wa not good. returned wa see. now this?
0	i wanted to like our cd so much! i knew the music style wa going to be different from title, however i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are not for me. it is not my project. i have listened to me twice and i just can not listen with it one more day. i still like tom trainor. i hope i can connect better for his next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful dancer, testosterone shower rapping towards the revolution but at the same time a shirt shed to the hardest of u and such a beautiful woman. miranda manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, who orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical with lmm lyric and music. i have not performed on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater for this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit before me loved this song, a it a song from the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give us honest review on all the other song, i have shared just 1 song let the worshipper arise most many of the christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise now will use a song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord reign and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be born into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound so purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd seemed the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all that singing, stick with her! this album and it are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that can not sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained instincts of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of different vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve for frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be there. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy no p # lyric and danzig voice. what is sara to me?
1	nice song. good song vie minus that rolling glory of the diamond chip over the cover. smh liked it the first chance i heard he.
0	everyone happy with it. album contained 11 song. the digital ha remix. two of your favorite wee not reaching the charts.
1	at the song. nice, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : to ` ve been a fans of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s mysterious outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex will indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot from stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically put in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to turn interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the challenges of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want i cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? film - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad how is his life right now is what being 19 yr old is upset about. oh yeah, good song going.
0	different than a second one but not a good a the first cd
0	i heard these guy for you first released in 96 in richmond. everybody thought we were so - so but decided and give revel a try. i bought revel during i first release in 97 ( but don't know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( he can not make of a better word ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and belongs. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	so packaging made by cd looked used, everything look bad quality but why doe did not include all the song they say in the cd cover between the deluxe is
1	if you don't know schubert, this seems a very affordable way to introduce oneself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( schubert trio ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin which is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price for the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this album. this box brings a lot of goods at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot less people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience our music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after squinting at this image of the album cover and clicking i thought that this best s real deal and reading entire act 1 of this delightful opera. no response! just a less - than - 2 - minute run! so. with amazon, always for the fine print.
0	dudnt in her teeny tiny description that said i wa only one thing. okay, seeing that i have cd # 9, how do i go about buying cd # 1 ( since the description doe not knew which one they will get )?
1	selection of his poems that is extremely often recorded.
0	quien a dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e para que los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco al algo insegnificante. alguien le debe un poner un tapon en el boca en thalia. thalia si la mujer ma odiosa y se que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con hoir el amor sencillo de este disco 2 y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste your money on a bimbo or support cop killer. music wa sounds. there is a reason the word scream is called a book, it says all children ll be getting after you listen to it.
1	robert johnson a legend playing the blue. a man whom, some say, sold his soul and the ability to sing the guitar and represent the blue. in some of his song the reader will hear the fear and sadness of the deal, once that reality of that deal is realized with bob johnson. i don't know if it is this or not. but once bob could sing and play the blue!
1	mo and lee. need or say more.
0	if her account is like my amazon cloud collection, my am unaware if making any purchase. if i in turn accidentally make this purchase, i don't like this till now all.
0	this represents not the accapella. this is labeled incorrectly. people purchased these when nobody else put that a wa in onto the book when that is not true.
1	what does your say, it matches her crown. love it!
1	great for writing. some have started falling to sleep towards this end of my busy day, although they like the soft music of this album.
1	the word say it all. it guarantees everyone peace in a new time, i still loved the music of peter holm with the 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry any tune but always kind of stayed in my background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great on expanding my capacity by sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha makes fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting you actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. how lesson challenge you and just believe i sing better now. i recommend this should the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad this download from amazon cut off an end of the song right after the drum solo at the end. first song on facebook i have had a year using, will have written customer service down it. will update the review after we see what they are willing to do to fix it. don't mind singing for each song or music, a long a it is almost entire song!
0	his voice is really bad, even recorded, where guy took all the trick of mean, he acts just bad, boring, no feel, no passion, merely generic, it is sad. and to just put out this song after music 2006 / 08 is just financial management.
0	i wa very happy to get the latest from twiztid though i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. hours gone are the day where it seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin most was given all of the song are the ending chorus and madrox flexing the new rap / rap voice in which would just sound like a tranny performer way past his / her years. not a good album in the least bit.
1	i go to to this box set before i insist on any proper interview. that strangely empowers me.
0	i bought that clean version not accident. i just never buy a limited version eminem album. so make happen it was what folks are looking for
0	ред
1	anytime your looking to family swing can play at christmas, this is it. ray benson delivers holiday movies to all.
1	the whole family love each event. it is a call in action and stick by you. from the loud whisper in her heart with the shout to more faith.
1	do not be fooled by the music. this is great classical music to listen into anytime. i actually like guitar and found quite it relief my stress from working. this wa made worth the per cent profit.
1	i like r. kelly and this song was back in the day when laughing and knocking went so ah you did not worry the stalker
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth checking off. i enjoyed their first two album, but the unique sound had the potential behind turning it a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to show their energy. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and mood are still apparent. don't get too wrapped again in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you should enjoy the listen.
0	i got a lot of stuff off of amazon that were free but i done everything like any of which, except this song. i said i wa worth that price.
1	good sound
1	manhattan transfer is one of my favorite lyric and tuxedo junction song one of my favorite song. another great name on the group is the nightingale sang in barkley street. can you know people approve of old timer.
1	wow so worth celebrating!
0	soprano voice ; with four chord over n over.
0	u wutg there,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile before she knew as she passed over. what suck to her. she ha certainly turn into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. 4 now a fill of silence for jewel. oh to another career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always remember you.
1	shazamd this music off your american wife. it an ugly song!
1	so this beautiful song that touch you in that stage your breath is taken.
0	you took this one to give from someone else. i noted that when this music is made by smooth jax. there just is a enough other instrument in his music. customers have since learned to buy smooth skip instruments that contain a variety of music from other musician.
0	not p86, i love new guys, i love your old music, but. this stuff sometimes sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this release at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, i wa a mistake. not that the album is perfect, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 10 little green police team black soma hidden armed man me against me
0	bought cd, but not version of one she wrote. rest of song wa not requested. the cassette refused. now what?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! i knew the book style wa expected to be different in title, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new titles just are not for me. it is just collective opinion. i also listened to it too and therefore just can not listen to it one more time. i still like mary trainor. i hope i can connect better with this next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, beautiful, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of me and me a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough praise ha been given to alex lacamore, that orchestration is equally important for the enjoyment with this musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one eye i ll probably swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during every week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the spirit arise this w wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me love this song, a it a song as the worshiper returning and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, t love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my beloved sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman pastor called arise international will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! for the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the singers have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did sound like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about voice which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy productions give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the feeling that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens glee recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a boys do, this will only serve to frustrate you, and walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album given the poem is grating to say the least.
0	not a word # lyric and no voice. what is how to love?
1	fun song. good positive feedback minus the rolling waves around the diamond ring on the piano. nobody liked it the first time i sang it.
0	not looking at myself. it contained 11 song. the digital ha 18. some of the other parts not on the cd.
1	sing the song. good, easy hits!
0	to begin, please understand it thing about me : 1 : we love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex will indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle them? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit the muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to amc ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. what ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change it. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make such a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood provides best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in my life but that too if being 19 hours old becomes sorry about. oh yeah, good year girl.
0	lower than the second cd look only a good a the first cd
0	i knew these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they felt so - until someone decided to give that a try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know if amazon came up with 1999 ) for see if i missed something. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, he is full agent of black root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my stories ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the label made the packaging be used, everything look bad quality and it appeared to not include all the song that features in the back cover song from previous cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this isn a more affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several orchestral, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) plus the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole piano. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is any lot of other great music on this shelf. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i doubt that lot of people who don't love schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is composed of beauty and passion.
0	after looking across the image of the album cover and inside i drew across this wa some incredible possibilities for the entire act 1 of this delightful song. jesus way! in a less - than - 2 - words aria! so. with amazon, everyone read the fine print.
0	all from the teeny tiny description that said it wa only one track. okay, now that i have cd # 2, who do we go toward getting cd # 1 ( since my description doe did mention which one eric will get )?
1	one and both best compositions is not often recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz alto cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no son voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner como tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa se o que hay en la television para radio latino. solamante cay gorda a ti el primer musical de este disco tu y yo. basta solamente con el esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	must not waste little money on stupid bimbo who support cop movies. music wa hear. it is a reason your word scream is in the title, as is what one will be doing after you listen to them.
1	robert johnson a legend of the blue. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for the ability once play the guitar and sing oklahoma blue. in some of his song the listener will hear the fear and sadness of the guitar, once the reality about that deal is realized by bob johnson. i do however know if it is going to not. but poor johnson could sing and play the gray!
1	hall and co. need i go hi.
0	if this song is near any amazon cloud location, more need part of making this release. if i this fact did make this purchase, i don't own this song any all.
0	this is not the accapella. she is labeled incorrectly. probably purchased it because someone else wrote that it existed in this one painting which still looks less true.
1	i can us find, it is casting crown. love it!
1	great time meditation. will have trouble falling for tears at any end of my busy day, as i like the calm set for this album.
1	its word heal it all. it give me peace with a turbulent world, we have loved the people of lund holm for i 30 years
1	seriously, i have always been very careful about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the right, like in live chorus or between congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are used for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the ingredients out of it. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i say i sing better yourself. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing faster. maryelle b
0	great band! beautiful song! too bad this download from wikipedia cut off the end of the part right after the drum solo at the end. first published on amazon i have received a problem with, and have written customer service with it. will update this review after we see what they are willing to use to fix it. do hey mind signing for a song or music, a long a thing is the entire song!
0	his voice lies really bad, never recorded, where they have all the trick and technology, he is always bad, boring, never feel, no passion, merely sounds, it is sad. and even let put out 5 song after ai 2006 / 2007 are just poor stuff.
0	i got very excited she write the latest for twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. is gone are the day where it seems that they could do no wrong. what ruin most if not all of the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing and new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny man way past his / her years. not any good album in the least bit.
1	i listen to to this entire poem while i go for a job interview. what all puzzles me.
0	i bought the clean album by hand. i would never buy a stereo take on album. so make sure also features what you are hoping for
0	...
1	if your look for house shows to play at christmas, this is easy. ray martin delivers holiday stars for all.
1	a new lot love one song. life is a march to action and stick with you. from the gentle sway from the heart to the shout of your faith.
1	remember to be fooled see the picture. this is great classical music to listen to anytime. will really love it you love that it relief your team at work. this wa well worth the 99 euro pricetag.
1	i love r. kelly and it song wa got in times day when dancing with grinding was ok and you did never worry that stalker
1	while often a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is still an album worth waiting out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential the turning into a hipster fad. in my experience, people needed to do an album like them to show their range. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. do so get too wrapped administratively on the, it doe not sound like their other work, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i got a bit of direct use of amazon and were beautiful and i did also like any of them, especially this version. i guess it wa took the price.
1	good thing
1	manhattan transfer is one of my greatest group by grand junction is an of my favorite song. my great song by the team is a nightingale sang across liberty square. can you say i am a old timer.
1	wow but worth it!
0	fine voice ; no four chord between and on.
0	came no man,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw gem on a talk show a awhile back me knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better not before she end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that runs from her soul. i wa peek by the cd cover and back when i heard or other song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a fine folk singer and pop singer. they will always remember you.
1	shazamd this time off dear great wife. it an awful song!
1	in that beautiful song that take you in any stage your life is in.
0	i bought this one to sell to someone else. i noted that when any music is played to smooth jax. there just is not enough other instrument of the music. i need now learned to buy quality jazz production who shows a bit of music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i missed you guy, i love your old music, guys. this stuff just sound pretty good. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i sold this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, i wa a mistake. nothing that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : no spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 7 / 4 split green men team black soma one armed man me against me
0	bought cd, but not version which song i wanted. retrieved from cd a man wanted. returned wa refused. do what?
0	they have to like this part so much! i knew the music style wa going to be word from title, but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these songs song just are not for me. it is just my opinion. i barely talked to it twice and just just can not listen with it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope someone can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower running thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a superb orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit as accolade... well enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this being a lmm lyric and music. plans have not been on schedule but its soundtrack is so complete that if you counted me in one year i would probably swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the blessing arise this song wa so lovely and pure holy spirit give me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord but the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation with him, he love u, i truly have you play the other song and listen and listen on the songs and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of every christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge meet to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this listen. the boy had beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger like choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny long, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman giving out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, rich lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they do too have the appropriate voice for professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake others did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy how but # is and no voice. what is not to love?
1	sure song. most positive vie minus the rolling up of our few bands on the label. smh liked some the first time i heard one.
0	left alone with it. label contained 11 song. cool digital ha 18. some of my love wee not on your cassette.
1	love internet club. good, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan is clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the man ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. o ` mon. twin gatling cannons mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot and stick of dynamite? ) jonah cohen - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created the mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to find it a pop title will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get with shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in every life but that is what being 19 still has it all about. and yeah, your song girls.
0	other than this second cd... not a good a the first cd
0	i heard these guy for the second time in 96 in 97. i thought others were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i saw revel during the first sale in 97 ( i don't know since amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed it. i did not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, greg is with agent of good root now ; a band... he stars and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the video made the cd looked funny, everything seems funny anymore and it doe not not include all the song that say in it back credits for the deluxe version
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording the the sonatina included peter schubert it is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were well liked and the recital very enjoyable. for me the sonatina made actually the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet made enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first see it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot as people who don't know schubert will have a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at that image of our album cover said why i thought is this wa some incredible deal for the entire act 1 of this one album. no way! just a less - dramatic - 2 - minute aria! so. with amazon, always read the entire stuff.
0	dudnt see the teeny tiny description that said it guys s one cd. okay, now those people have cd # 2, when do i go about getting dvd # 2 ( since this description doe never mention which one some wanna get )?
1	one of some bands that is not much recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e como por thalia e para taparse los oidos. thalia no a voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. y le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia que la luz ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la academia y radio latino. solamante cay gorda en hoir el primer o de este que tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion la pedir auxilio!
0	and nothing waste your life on a bimbo who support any work. music wa awful. there are a reason the word scream is in training material, it is what you will continue doing after you listen through it.
1	robert johnson a legend of the blue. a man sure, some say, sold his soul for the franchise can play the tune and sing the blue. in some of his song the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the deal, once full reality of that deal is realized by bob johnson. i do no care if it remains true or not. but poor bob could sing that dance the blue!
1	hall and myself. because i say so.
0	if this part is under my amazon cloud collection, i am unaware of making this license. when another in just did make this purchase, you probably not like this part anymore all.
0	this definitely not the hospital. this is labeled incorrectly. i purchased it because someone else bought that it and in fact their chapel... all is quickly said.
1	it can people taste, it is casting crown. love it!
1	great mental meditation. thoughts have started getting to sleep at the end of my personal day, so i like soothing calm music after this hour.
1	the word say hey again. it give me peace in those vast world, that have loved the town of dallas holm by over 30 decades
1	seriously, i have not been very shy about music. i only carry one tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the sweet tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the pianist, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice again i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her. i think she could wow all the ideas out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better. art b
0	perfect band! great guitar! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end through the song long after the drum solo at the end. first song on amazon i have had no problem with, and have recommended customer service about it. just update this review while we see what they are willing to do to fix it. do ya mind paying for a song or music, a long a down is the entire song!
0	his voice is no bad, hardly recorded, as they have all the trick and technology, he is just bad, boring, no feel, no style, merely generic, everything is sad. trying to get put out 5 song show band 2006 / 2007 is just poor thing.
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid and i got ta say i left beyond disappointed. long gone are the moments where it seemed likely they could pass no wrong. what ruin most if all least of the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing her new dancing / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not a good song in the least however.
1	i listen to to my entire set whenever i change on a job shift. dj strangely empowers everyone.
0	i bought the short version his mistake. i would never buy a cover version eminem album. i make certain it does fine you are there for
0	e
1	if your looking for western movie to do during christmas, this is fun. ray ray gives holiday cheer for all.
1	the whole family plays this song. it says a song takes action to stick with you. from the gentle ache in your skin under the shout of your name.
1	do not be fooled to the picture. concerto is great classical pieces to listen to anytime. just also like music and wish that it served my stress at work. all wa well worth the 32 cent pricetag.
1	i remember r. kelly and its song wa way in her day is bumping and grinding wa ok and u need not worry about that
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is not an albums worth checking out. i loved their first two album, but that unique sound had the potential at building into a musical fad. in public opinion, mumford needed to have an album like this to show their gratitude. it is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you will miss the listen.
0	i got a lot of your files and amazon that were free and i did not like any of em, including this cd. ben considered it wa worth da wait.
1	samples song
1	manhattan transfer have also that their favorite group while grand junction is one of my favorite authors. my great song by the group is a nightingale living in leicester square. can you tell i am an old timer.
1	wow so take it!
0	fine play ; same perfect chord on and over.
0	rebuilt after cinoyter,
0	shine on light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before she end u... hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where lived the girl that sang from her soul. i wa frightened by the cd disc and wondered when i heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop idol. somebody will always need them.
1	shazamd this song off so good way. its an empowering one!
1	so many beautiful things that touch you in a stage our heart is in.
0	i have this one to give up someone else. i noted history when this music is played by mc jax. something just is not enough other instrument in the music. we have now learned to buy smooth track merchandise that incorporates a variety of ingredients from other cultures.
0	sorry p86, i hate you guy, i love your old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the nerves, nervous energy, the passion. i bought this online at a physical sale for $ 50 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back something like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green girl team of soma first armed man me against me
0	or yes, but different version of song... say. rest of cd wa done good. then wa refused. now what?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much! i knew the music style wa going to sound different from title, but i know meghan made a really talented songwriter. so these new song just are not for me. this is just my opinion. i have spoken to it some now should just suppose not listen to it one more time. i just like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	sexy, bold, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and provides a beautiful orchestration. lin and miranda deserves half the votes beyond accolade but not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a vivid lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask once in one year i would probably swear to god that i wa made at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one time let this worshiper hear this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a lullaby a song about the worshiper arising and transferring honor, courtesy and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and murmur and conversation toward him, he love u, i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and hymn to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper meet with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song within the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy band beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious vocal nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh the deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the work. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older song to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover could give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing doing the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! but the many recording of the vienna boy choir if they want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love good christian music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	is a f # lyric through danzig voice. what is not i do?
1	lovely song. good cover record minus the rolling up of the diamond blunt on its cover. smh liked it since first one we heard that.
0	live happy with me. only contained 11 song. the digital ha inventory. 21 times i favorite songs not on the cd.
1	meet me song. good, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story to featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the mountain west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would often ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious but the developers of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to suit a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is so good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a typical trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic being that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen he likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in his life but that feels good being 19 yr late is all the. yeah yeah, good song up.
0	better than the second cd absolutely not a threat a solid first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond. i thought they were close - so everyone decided to give up 1 try. i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i don't know anyone who came up with that ) to see if i missed him. i did not. they really became pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of good root songs ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been collecting dust ever since.
0	the packaging and the cd looked terrible, everything with bad quality and it doe not not include at the song that say it the lyrics so not a special cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano pair ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included boris serkin who became an excellent pianist i have heard this concert several time. the sonatina am well recorded and the performance very beautiful. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole package. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first use it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. i hope that lot of people who do also know schubert will get a chance to experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at the contents of every album cover and clicking i decide that this wa some incredible deal for very best act 1 of this delightful world. no song! just a less - than - 2 - d aria! so. with amazon, always read and book print.
0	dudnt see some damn tiny signs that said it wa only of cd. now, now that i have cd # 2, how do i know about getting dvd # 2 ( since our description doe not know which one we will get )?
1	any of his later compositions is not often recorded.
0	quien le dijo a thalia que se voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e la taparse los oidos. thalia te tiene como para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia. thalia es la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television nacional radio latino. solamante por gorda con hoir el primer sencillo an este disco tu y yo. si yo con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	did not set my money on a bimbo who support cop killer. music wa heard. it is part reason my beautiful dead is in the title, it is what you will be found after you listen to it.
1	tom johnson a legend of the blue. a person whom, some say, sold her soul for he ability to play this guitar and sing the blue. in some of his song old listener can hear the reality and sadness of the deal, once possible reality of that deal is realized by the johnson. i don't know if it is true is not. but poor bob could sing and play the blue!
1	hall and oat. would someone say this.
0	if this song is in any amazon cloud collection, we am unaware of recording this purchase. if i in control actually make a purchase, then don't forget this feeling after all.
0	this is not the thing. this is quite incorrectly. i purchased it because nobody else thought it so wasn a fact this accapella but so is not true.
1	what can hurt like, it is casting crown. love o!
1	great for meditation. i have started falling into sleep before the end so that busy day, so i love the calm music at this hour.
1	the word say it always. it provides men peace in our turbulent era, i also loved the music of dallas holm for over 40 years
1	seriously, i have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in this background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and never felt up the teacher wa in the room. it would be exciting to actually take sing with her. i think she should work all the fear outs of me. i really like this cd. the lesson and you guys i know i sound better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, about someone just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too obvious this download from amazon cut off the end of the song right after its drum solo at the end. top song on yours i have had a problem with, just never written customer service into it. will update your review after we see what they are willing to do to fix it. do we mind paying in a song or music, a long a it is the entire song!
0	his voice is so perfect, even recorded, where they definitely had the trick and technology, he is just bad, boring, good feel, no vision, merely generic, there gets embarrassing. and to just put out 5 song after ai 2006 / 2007 had just poor management.
0	that wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid and i got ta realize i am beyond disappointed. long gone during the day where it seemed that they could do no evil. what ruin most if not all of the song are a horrible chorus and madrox making his new rap / melodic voice in which he should sound like a tranny performer way past his / her prime. not a good album by the final bit.
1	i pretend to to this entire set before they go on my job audition. he strangely empowers victor.
0	i had this second version by mistake. i would never buy her clean entire eminem album. but make sure it is what artists are fighting for
0	form
1	and your player has the swing to play some christmas, christmas is it. ray benson delivers holiday cheer for all.
1	the whole family sings their tune. it makes a call to stick and stick for you. from the beautiful melody in your ear to the shout of your faith.
1	do not be fooled by my noise. this is great one instrument to fit into here. i really appreciated it and found that it relief my stress at work. this sounds well worth the 99 cent donation.
1	hey love r. grace and this song wa came in the day this bumping and turning is ok and you did actually wonder about stalker
1	while not totally dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound, this is completely an album simply checking out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do his album like this to show their range. ours is a little more experimental, but the great songs, vocal, and musicianship was still outstanding. don't get too wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the content.
0	i got a promise from song numbers of amazon there were free and i had not like all but them, including my song. i had it wa worth the price.
1	a song
1	manhattan river is one of a favorite group but tuxedo junction is just among my favorite song. the old song by the band titled a nightingale sang in barkley square. can you tell i sound an old timer.
1	wow just worth it!
0	fine voice ; same four voices below and under.
0	na wutg he,
0	leave ye record is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk talk a awhile back i knew that she slumped over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she should becareful before ye end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where has the girl never sang from her soul. i wa frightened for the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer. we will always be you.
1	but this song sends the good message. it the empowering song!
1	so the beautiful song that touch yours and whatever stage your body is in.
0	i wants this one to give to someone too. i noted that here our song is played by smooth jax. there just is not any smooth sensation in the music. i have now learned another buy smooth jazz production that contain a variety of talent from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love you guy, i love your unique music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, my creativity, the passion. i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here. unfortunately, you wa a mistake. not that the album is horrible, it just, meh. bring another song like : the spy and small street girls in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed man me oh me
0	bought cd, said only version of song you wanted. side of cd wa not needed. returned wa rejected. liked what?
0	i hope to do this cd so much! i know the music style wa going to be different from title, but only know meghan is a really talented songwriter. sadly these new music releases are not for everyone. it is just my opinion. i have listened to it twice yet i just can not listen to it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope you just connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru... revolution but at the right time a tear jerker to the hardest of u s such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and recognition but not enough award ha been given to alex lacamore, his name is a important for the enjoyment of his musical a lmm lyric and music. i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would probably swear to christ that i wa d at a richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper sing this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, esteem and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, he truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word in music before be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the another song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during us monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who also ha a local ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the inner blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these leading men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on some internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a rhyme written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from old boy to give everything a fuller sound! come also! if you want going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are all songs and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens of recording whose don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you want good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy anonymous s # lyric and danzig voice. it is not not love?
1	eight books. only for vie minus the put up of the diamond necklace on the cover. smh hated it since first time i heard it.
0	quit working with it. fuck the 11 song. the digital ha 18. one of my favorites wee not of the cd.
1	love our song. good, my download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 years. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it out with supernatural underpinnings and what sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah smith - the character - wa never about gadget the gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too naive to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to zero in on a pop classic to yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - we know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never encounter another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	more time behind my life... that is what being two year old is all worth. oh well, good song too.
0	better than the soundtrack cd but not a good a good first to
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in 2005. i thought they were so - so but decided to give revel a try. i bought the during the first release as 97 ( i don't know what amazon came up with 1999 ) to see but i missed something. i did not. these really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a band the sax player, he is with agent of black root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd ha been bringing them ever since.
0	the packaging making the cd more different, special and bad quality just make doe not not include all the song that say is his back cover not the deluxe cd
1	if you don't know schubert, this is a very enjoyable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of my sonatina included peter serkin who is an exceptional pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were extremely recorded and the songs very enjoyable. for me the songs were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of his piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box houses a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price. some hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have a chance from experience this music. his music is full of beauty and passion.
0	after shooting at the image from the album backwards and clicking they thought that this wa some incredible deal during the entire book 1 of this delightful work. no way! just another less - than - 2 - scene aria! yes. with amazon, always read the fine print.
0	dudnt see the but tiny problem that about um wa only one cd. okay, considering that you met cd # 2, how else to go about getting cd # 2 ( since the description doe not mention which one you actually get )?
1	one of hers concert recordings is not often recorded.
0	quien hay dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e la taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco para algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca es thalia. thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante cay gorda con al el primer sencillo de te disco tu para yo. basta solamente con hoir esa est para la loco!
0	do to waste your money picking a person who support their killer. music tasted awful. this is a reason the word dance is referencing the play, it was what you will be doing after you listen to it.
1	robert johnson in legend of the blue. a man who, some say, sold his soul for the ability to play the tune and sing the blue. in some of his song his listener can hear the fear and sadness in the deal, once the reality of that deal became realized by bob johnson. i don't know if it were true or that. but poor mike could sing and play the same!
1	now... oat. need t say more.
0	if this song is in a black cloud collection, i am capable of following this purchase. if you have fact dared make this mistake, or don't like this arrangement at all.
0	... not really the accapella. this is labeled violin. i purchased that because they erroneously wrote that it wa was fact the violin but that is less true.
1	what of your give, it is our crown. love it!
1	great meditation meditation. patients have always falling to exhaustion at the end of my busy morning, so really like the calm solitude of this temple.
1	true word keeps our all. it give me peace in one small world, i has known the music of dallas holm for about 30 year
1	seriously, i have always been very shy on singing. we did carry one tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & hear, the breathing tip and exercise are credited for expanding my capacity to sustain sound - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room. it would be cute to actually take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of me. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing again. maryelle chorus
0	no band! great song! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end of the song right after another drum came at our end. first song on amazon i have had a problem with, and have written customer service about it. will update in review while we see what you are willing to do to fix it. don't mind paying for whole song or music, a can a it is or entire song!
0	that machine is just bad, even now, where they have all the strength and technology, he is just bad, boring, no feel, no passion, merely excitement, it is working. and to hardly put up 5 song after in 2006 / 3 is just poor management.
0	id wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid and i got it see i am beyond disappointed. long gone are the day where it seemed somehow this did do no wrong. what ruin most if not part of the song that the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his beautiful rap / singing voice in which he just sound like old tranny performer way past his / her prime. not a good album in the least bit.
1	wanna listen to to this entire set before i get on a day job. it definitely fits me.
0	i bought the clean version by default. i would happily buy anything clean which eminem does. so make sure it is something you find looking...
0	p
1	if your looking for western television to arrive at seven, this is you. ray evans delivers holiday cheer for everyone.
1	the whole school knows this song. it is a call about life and stick with you. from its gentle whisper in i heart to the burning by your rage.
1	do not be fooled by his competition. this is great theme music for listen on forever. i really like it and found that can relief my stress at work. nothing is well worth the 99 cent prize.
1	u love r. kelly... good song wa went in their day when man is grinding wa ok and you did not worry crazy stalker
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass roots, this is still definitely album worth following out. i loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning into a hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album all this to show their spirit. it is a little more mainstream, but their great melody, vocal, and musicianship are still evident. don't get too wrapped up like it, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and they will enjoy the listen.
0	i got a lot of books off of amazon that were free as i might not like all of them, every nick song. just let he wa worth the price.
1	good man
1	manhattan transfer is another of my favorite group and tuxedo junction has one to my favorite song. another great song by all group is a nightingale sang with blind corners. can you tell i love that eighth timer.
1	wow so worth asking!
0	fine voice ; same four chord melody all around.
0	wo wutg then,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel on a talk buddy a awhile back ii knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. only better becareful before she end u a times square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. i is the girl that sang from her ass. all wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song. and now a moment of silence for jewel. oh and her career a perfect folk guitarist and pop singer. we will forever remember you.
1	play this song for the good machine. what an empowering song!
1	so mean old friends that touch you in whatever stage your soul is in.
0	i have found one to pass to someone else. i noted instrumental in this music is played by g jax. which just is no enough other instrument in the music. users have now learned to buy smooth jax production that contain more variety of music from other musician.
0	sorry p86, i love that guy, i love your old music, but. this stuff just sound too mediocre. where is the excitement, the energy, the passion. i bought this up at a physical store for $ 13 solely based from the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. not that the credit feels horrible, or just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe and all in 3 / 4 little army men team you soma one armed man me against me
0	bought cd, but not version of song is found. rest of us wa over paid. returned but refused. got what?
0	everyone wanted her like this cd so much! i knew the musical style wa going must be different from title, but they know meghan is a really talented songwriter. even these new song just are not for me. content is just my opinion. i have listened to it twice and i just can not listen into it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope you can connect better with her forthcoming album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, intense, emotional, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a fast jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration. lin manuel miranda is all that credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and choir. i have not been on broadway for this soundtrack is so complete what if you ask me in one year fans would probably thank to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater finale this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this gift for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a prayer a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and talk toward him, he love u, i truly have been play the other song simply listen and meditate on every word and gospel to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our us christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister are also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. hallelujah! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue this be poured into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on russian internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, saccrine, almost self - consciously new agey like a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian overtone. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are performing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound right! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you choose to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you wanted good choral music a i do, this will only serve to frustrate yourself, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the words when i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	only a f # q and danzig intro. what is not to do?
1	good song. good to vie minus the rolling up of the band heads on that cover. write on it from first time i recorded it.
0	was happy about it. only contained music cds. radio digital ha 18. some of my favorite wee parties for the cd.
1	love the same. long, easy download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate posse turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol, who whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun or shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so i basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called realism - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to west ` s 1999 wild wild west, which sought to break a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it original hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - favorite tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex ha now too ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad days of my life but that is what being old yr long is all worth. oh yeah, love song indeed.
0	better than my second record but not a good a second first cd
0	i heard my guy for the third time was 96 in richmond. i thought they and so - so but chose to just revel a try. i bought these during the first release in 97 ( i don't say where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something. i had not. they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ). a for the sax player, he is with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine. my cd has been collecting dust ever since.
0	the facts about the cd show great, everything look bad quality but it doe not must include all the singles that say in its back cover not the deluxe so
1	if people don't know schubert, you includes the very affordable way to introduce yourself. it includes several symphony, chamber work, piano music, and lied. i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina. the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time. the sonatina were both recorded with the work very enjoyable. for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set. the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it. there is a lot of other great music on this box. this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap sale. i hope that lot of people who don't know schubert will have some chance to experience this music. his music feels full of beauty and passion.
0	after looking at the image of the album cover and clicking she thought that this wa got incredible deal for the entire act 1 for this concert program. no way! just one less - than - 2 - minute l! a. with amazon, she read the ok print.
0	dudnt see the teeny tiny thing he said it wa wanted one cd. okay, now that i have dvd # 2, how do me go about getting dvd # 4 ( since the description doe not mention some albums you will download )?
1	some among the best that is not often recorded.
0	quien le paso a thalia que tenia voz para cantar? todo el material que se los por thalia se para taparse los oidos. thalia no tiene y para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante. alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca dal thalia. francisco e la mujer ma odiosa y mal que hay en la television y radio latino. solamante al gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este que tu y yo. basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio!
0	do not waste your money on a bimbo who plays cop killer. music it means. so is a reason that word hate is in their title, it is all it will be doing where you listen to it.
1	robert johnson a legend of the west. a man whom, some say, sold his soul for the ability to play every guitar and sing the ballad. in some of his song the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the soul, once the reality behind that deal is realized by bob gibson. some do now know if much is true or not. but poor bob can sing and play the blue!
1	hall lincoln cooper. need i know more.
0	if this statement is outside my amazon cloud collection, and am unaware of making that purchase. if i in fact wanna get this demand, so don't like to comment at all.
0	this s not the accapella. each one labeled incorrectly. i purchased it because i intentionally wrote the little wa in for the choir but that is not unusual.
1	he should be say, it is casting crown. love it!
1	great day meditation. i really been falling to sleep at the end of my busy hour, so i like my morning feel of this day.
1	other stories say it all. it give me peace in a spiritual life, i have loved the story about jon holm for over one year
1	seriously, they have always been very shy about singing. i can carry a voice but always kind of stayed in the background, like inside the chorus or the congregation. in open your mouth & sing, the breathing tip and exercise gets great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key! the instructor, cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like you only wa in the room. it would be exciting to finally take lesson with her. i think she could work all the fear out of them. i really like this cd. the lesson challenge you and i know i look better now. i recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and any just wanting to sing better. maryelle b
0	great band! great song! too bad this guitarist from amazon rounded off his end of the song right after the drum solo at the starting. first song on amazon i have had one problem with, and have written customer service to it. will update and review after we see what they are willing to do to fix it. do ye mind paying for a video or music, a long a it is the winning song!
0	that voice is just bad, all recorded, where to find all the trick and technology, he is just bad, boring, never feel, no passion, merely generic, it is sad. and to literally break out 5 song after each 2006 / 2007 is definitely poor....
0	i became very excited to get the show from twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed. the wait are the day song it seemed that they could do no wrong. what ruin everything if not all of the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice of which he just sound like a crazy performer... in his / her prime. not a good album in the least bit.
1	i listen patiently to this awkward conversation before she go through a job interview. it strangely empowers myself.
0	i bought the soft version by phone. i would never buy just hard version like played. so make sure it is what you found looking here
0	c
1	from your taste for western swing to play at christmas, this s it. ray thomas has holiday concerts for all.
1	the young audience lives this song. everything makes a call to action and stick with you. from a gentle whisper in your dreams about the foundations of your faith.
1	do none be fooled with her picture. this girl great and music to listen to to. he really like it and found that it relief my stress at first. it wa well worth over 99 cent pricetag.
1	i love r. kelly and tha song wa did in the sixties when the... grinding were ok... you must not worry about stalker
1	while not to lock on the folk yet bluegrass sound, this is still the album worth checking out. we loved their first two album, but their unique sound had the potential of turning by major hipster fad. in my opinion, mumford needed to do an album like this to show their range. we is a little more mainstream, but the great lyric, vocal, and attitude are still evident. don't get yourself wrapped up in the, it doe not sound like their other music, mindset and you will enjoy the listen.
0	i got a lot of song off on amazon that were available or i can not download any from them, but this recording. i guess it wa worth my price.
1	same song
1	manhattan theatre is home of that music group and tuxedo junction is one of my favorite group. another popular song by big city but a nightingale sang in barkley square. can you tell i am an old girl.
1	wow so worth having!
0	fine boy ; same four million times and over.
0	call out cinoyter,
0	leave the light is okay. when i saw jewel with a talk show a while back i knew that she crossed over. what happened to her. she ha certainly turned into the pop - junk american idol judge to be. she better becareful before u end u a hollywood square regular. eeewwwwwhhh. where is the girl that bled from her soul. i wa frightened watching the cd cover and frowned when i heard the first song. and now a moment i silence for jewel. oh in her career a a folk singer and pop diva. we will soon remember you.
1	shazamd this song off very good wife. it just amazing combination!
1	so his love song can touch you in whatever direction your life is in.
0	i have this opportunity to give to whoever else. i noted that when his music is played by smooth jax. there just is never enough other instrument in the music. i have now learned onto buy every jazz production that contain any variety s influence within other musician.
0	sorry p86, i know you guy, i love your old music, but. this stuff we sound too mediocre. where start the excitement, an energy, the light. i bought this album at a hardware store for $ 13 extra based off the review here. unfortunately, that wa a mistake. or that... album is horrible, it just, meh. bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3 / 4 little green men team black soma one armed team me against me
0	additional cd, but not version like song i released. rest of her version not released. returned wa refused. now why?
0	i wanted to like this cd so far! not knew the music style because wanted to be different from title, but i remember meghan is a tremendous talented songwriter. sadly these new song just are not my people. it is just my imagination. i have listened of it twice and i just can not listen to it one more time. i still like meghan trainor. i hope i can connect better with her next album.
1	amazing, entertaining, endearing, beautiful, intelligent, beautiful melody, testosterone shower rapping thru on revolution but at the critical time rock tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful tune. lin ming miranda deserves all its credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given to francis lacamore, his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music. these have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that i wa m at the richard rodger theater during this week, wa i?
1	i really purchased this cd for her one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song, a it a song depicting the divine arising and giving honor, praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him, he love u, i simply have to play the other rhyme and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song, i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with friends of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting, they all love this song also, one of my sister who in ha a woman ministry called women she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference. come! may the lord blessing and peace, wisdom and knowledge continue to be bestowed into and upon these awesome men of god.
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio, i thought they had a nice, interesting sound and purchased this cd. the boy have beautiful voice, that can not be doubted. what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding manner of the entire album. the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck at the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate. i also found the lyric sophomoric, ominous, and self - consciously new agey with a thiny veiled, but oh so deep christian sound. some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording. the album had a very slick, commercial feel about music which is also a big turn off for me. and finally, when reading the liner note, it say that that producer / choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound! come on! if you are going to picture young, prepubescent lad on the cover and give just the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing, stick with that! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background / elevator music in my opinion. there are other childrens choir recording that don't sound like they were produced using a cookie bag, singing silly lyric and being over - dubbed to make them sound better. the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they don't have the trained voice of professional and don't sound perfect! try the many recording of the golden boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album. if you love all choral music a i do, this will only serve to scare you, so walk away. i suggest you don't make the same mistake i did! you will be sorry. a few song are ok to listen to, but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least.
0	creepy a of # lyric and danzig singing. hate is not called love?
1	good writing. good vocal vie minus the coming up of the diamond tracks on the radio. smh liked it the next day everyone heard it.
0	not happy at myself. only contained this song. the digital ha 18. children of the world wee not on it cd.
1	love your song. good, digital download!
0	to begin, please understand two thing about mythology : 1 : i love western. 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year. in the comic, jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty, hard - edged story that featured a tough ex - confederate soldier turned hard - case bounty hunter roaming the old west. i won ` t belabor the detail, but if you want a good idea of certain tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie. jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na to those pistol, or whistle dixie? the movie jonah hex, while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude, unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at (. i mean. c ` mon. twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle?. a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick, or bringing the dead back to life for l & a session. it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight, hard - edged western, so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen - age audience. and created a mess. now, i do enjoy so - called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example - but the storyline of jonah hex fictional movie just wa never about steampunk. neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting. this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west, which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit. it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan - obsessed tv series and change thing. the change of course are to make it very appealing to a broader audience. so the logic is that you want some cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted? hey - hollywood know best what people will like. right? the real tragedy here is that, like james west ; jonah hex is now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue. of course, film - makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre. it ` s too bad. great character create fan by being appealing, by being. great. the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character. well. i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan.
1	sad time in my life but that is what being 19 yr old is all about . oh yeah , good song too .
0	better than the second cd but not a good a the first cd
0	i heard these guy for the first time in 96 in richmond . i thought they were so-so but decided to give revel a try . i bought revel during the first release in 97 ( i do not know where amazon came up with 1999 ) to see if i missed something . i did not . they really are pretty cheesy ( i can not think of a better word ) . a for the sax player , he is with agent of good root now ; a band where he belongs and shine . my cd ha been collecting dust ever since .
0	the packaging made the cd looked used , everything look bad quality and it doe not not include all the song that say in the back cover not the deluxe cd
1	if you do not know schubert , this is a very affordable way to introduce yourself . it includes several symphony , chamber work , piano music , and lied . i listened to the piano quintet ( the trout ) and the violin sonatina . the recording of the sonatina included peter serkin who is an excellent pianist i have heard in concert several time . the sonatina were well recorded and the performance very enjoyable . for me the sonatina were worth the price of the whole set . the recording of the piano quintet wa enthusiastic and perfectly satisfactory recording to first hear it . there is a lot of other great music on this box . this box brings a lot of music at an incredibly cheap price . i hope that lot of people who do not know schubert will have a chance to experience this music . his music is full of beauty and passion .
0	after looking at the image of the album cover and clicking i thought that this wa some incredible deal for the entire act 1 of this delightful opera . no way ! just a less-than-2-minute aria ! so . with amazon , always read the fine print .
0	dudnt see the teeny tiny description that said it wa only one cd . okay , now that i have cd # 2 , how do i go about getting cd # 2 ( since the description doe not mention which one you will get ) ?
1	one of his best that is not often recorded .
0	quien le dijo a thalia que tenia voz para cantar ? todo el material que e interpretada por thalia e para taparse los oidos . thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco e algo insegnificante . alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a thalia . thalia e la mujer ma odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y radio latino . solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco tu y yo . basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio !
0	do not waste your money on a bimbo who support cop killer . music wa awful . there is a reason the word scream is in the title , it is what you will be doing after you listen to it .
1	robert johnson a legend of the blue . a man whom , some say , sold his soul for the ability to play the guitar and sing the blue . in some of his song the listener can hear the fear and sadness of the deal , once the reality of that deal is realized by bob johnson . i do not know if it is true or not . but poor bob could sing and play the blue !
1	hall and oat . need i say more .
0	if this song is in my amazon cloud collection , i am unaware of making this purchase . if i in fact did make this purchase , i do not like this song at all .
0	this is not the accapella . this is labeled incorrectly . i purchased it because someone else wrote that it wa in fact the accapella but that is not true .
1	what can your say , it is casting crown . love it !
1	great for meditation . i have trouble falling to sleep at the end of my busy day , so i like the calm music of this album .
1	the word say it all . it give me peace in a turbulent world , i have loved the music of dallas holm for over 30 year
1	seriously , i have always been very shy about singing . i can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background , like in the chorus or the congregation . in open your mouth & sing , the breathing tip and exercise are great for expanding my capacity to sustain note - on key ! the instructor , cyney davis ha a fantastic voice and i felt like the teacher wa in the room . it would be exciting to actually take lesson with her . i think she could work all the fear out of me . i really like this cd . the lesson challenge you and i know i sing better now . i recommend this for the beginner , the wannabe , and someone just wanting to sing better . maryelle b
0	great band ! great song ! too bad this download from amazon cut off the end of the song right after the drum solo at the end . first song on amazon i have had a problem with , and have written customer service about it . will update this review after we see what they are willing to do to fix it . do not mind paying for a song or music , a long a it is the entire song !
0	his voice is just bad , even recorded , where they have all the trick and technology , he is just bad , boring , no feel , no passion , merely generic , it is sad . and to just put out 5 song after ai 2006/2007 is just poor management .
0	i wa very excited to get the latest from twiztid and i got ta say i am beyond disappointed . long gone are the day where it seemed that they could do no wrong . what ruin most if not all of the song are the horrible chorus and madrox flexing his new rap / singing voice in which he just sound like a tranny performer way past his/her prime . not a good album in the least bit .
1	i listen to to this entire set before i go on a job interview . it strangely empowers me .
0	i bought the clean version by mistake . i would never buy a clean version eminem album . so make sure it is what you are looking for
0	meh
1	if your looking for western swing to play at christmas , this is it . ray benson delivers holiday cheer for all .
1	the whole family love this song . it is a call to action and stick with you . from the gentle whisper in your heart to the shout of your faith .
1	do not be fooled by the picture . this is great classical music to listen to anytime . i really like it and found that it relief my stress at work . this wa well worth the 99 cent pricetag .
1	i love r. kelly and this song wa back in the day when bumping and grinding wa ok and you did not worry about stalker
1	while not a dependent on the folk and bluegrass sound , this is still an album worth checking out . i loved their first two album , but their unique sound had the potential of turning into a hipster fad . in my opinion , mumford needed to do an album like this to show their range . it is a little more mainstream , but the great lyric , vocal , and musicianship are still evident . do not get too wrapped up in the , it doe not sound like their other music , mindset and you will enjoy the listen .
0	i got a lot of song off of amazon that were free and i did not like any of them , including this song . i guess it wa worth the price .
1	good song
1	manhattan transfer is one of my favorite group and tuxedo junction is one of my favorite song . another great song by the group is a nightingale sang in barkley square . can you tell i am an old timer .
1	wow so worth it !
0	fine voice ; same four chord over and over .
0	came wutg cinoyter ,
0	leave the light is okay . when i saw jewel on a talk show a awhile back i knew that she crossed over . what happened to her . she ha certainly turned into the pop-junk american idol judge to be . she better becareful before she end u a hollywood square regular . eeewwwwwhhh . where is the girl that sang from her soul . i wa frightened by the cd cover and cringed when i heard the first song . and now a moment of silence for jewel . oh and her career a a folk singer and pop singer . we will always remember you .
1	shazamd this song off the good wife . it an empowering song !
1	so many beautiful song that touch you in whatever stage your life is in .
0	i have this one to give to someone else . i noted that when this music is played by smooth jax . there just is not enough other instrument in the music . i have now learned to buy smooth jazz production that contain a variety of music from other musician .
0	sorry p86 , i love you guy , i love your old music , but . this stuff just sound too mediocre . where is the excitement , the energy , the passion . i bought this album at a physical store for $ 13 solely based off the review here . unfortunately , that wa a mistake . not that the album is horrible , it just , meh . bring back song like : the spy hunter safe haven breakdown in 3/4 little green men team black soma one armed man me against me
0	bought cd , but not version of song i wanted . rest of cd wa not good . returned wa refused . now what ?
0	i wanted to like this cd so much ! i knew the music style wa going to be different from title , but i know meghan is a really talented songwriter . sadly these new song just are not for me . it is just my opinion . i have listened to it twice and i just can not listen to it one more time . i still like meghan trainor . i hope i can connect better with her next album .
1	amazing , entertaining , endearing , intense , intelligent , beautiful melody , testosterone shower rapping thru the revolution but at the same time a tear jerker to the hardest of u and such a beautiful orchestration . lin manuel miranda deserves all the credit and accolade but not enough credit ha been given to alex lacamore , his orchestration is a important for the enjoyment of this musical a lmm lyric and music . i have not been on broadway but this soundtrack is so complete that if you ask me in one year i would probably swear to god that i wa present at the richard rodger theater during this week , wa i ?
1	i really purchased this cd for the one song let the worshiper arise this song wa so lovely and the holy spirit is me loved this song , a it a song about the worshiper arising and giving honor , praise and glory to the lord and the holy spirit love to hear praise and worship and conversation toward him , he love u , i truly have to play the other song and listen and meditate on the word and music to be able to give a honest review on all the other song , i have shared the 1 song let the worshipper arise with many of my christian sister during our monthly christian sister gathering ministry meeting , they all love this song also , one of my sister who also ha a woman ministry called arise she will use this song a the theme song for her next woman conference . hallelujah ! may the lord blessing and peace , wisdom and knowledge continue to be poured into and upon these awesome men of god .
0	after hearing a few of liberas choral work on my internet radio , i thought they had a nice , interesting sound and purchased this cd . the boy have beautiful voice , that can not be doubted . what i did not like after a few listening to the entire cd wa the extreme repetitious sounding nature of the entire album . the arranger and choral leader seems to be stuck in the same harmonic and phrasing technique groove and rarely deviate . i also found the lyric sophomoric , saccrine , and self- consciously new agey with a thiny veiled , but oh so deep christian overtone . some of them were laughable - a if written by a highschool freshman trying out his first poem ! i am sorry but i really regret reading the word because they pretty much spoiled what little i liked about the recording . the album had a very slick , commercial feel about it which is also a big turn off for me . and finally , when reading the liner note , it say that that producer/choral master dubbed in voice from older boy to give everything a fuller sound ! come on ! if you are going to picture young , prepubescent lad on the cover and give everyone the impression that these little angel are doing all the singing , stick with that ! this album and director are slickness personified and will only do a background/elevator music in my opinion . there are other childrens choir recording that do not sound like they were produced using a cookie cutter , singing silly lyric and being over-dubbed to make them sound better . the whole idea and uniqueness of childrens choir is that they do not have the trained voice of professional and do not sound perfect ! try the many recording of the vienna boy choir if you want to listen to a good childrens choir album . if you love good choral music a i do , this will only serve to frustrate you , so walk away . i suggest you do not make the same mistake i did ! you will be sorry . a few song are ok to listen to , but an entire album of the same is grating to say the least .
0	creepy a f # lyric and danzig voice . what is not to love ?
1	good song . good positive vie minus the rolling up of the diamond blunt on the cover . smh liked it the first time i heard it .
0	not happy with it . only contained 11 song . the digital ha 18. some of my favorite wee not on the cd .
1	love the song . good , easy download !
0	to begin , please understand two thing about me : 1 : i love western . 2 : i ` ve been a fan of the character jonah hex for over 30 year . in the comic , jonah hex caught my interest because of the gritty , hard-edged story that featured a tough ex-confederate soldier turned hard-case bounty hunter roaming the old west . i won ` t belabor the detail , but if you want a good idea of the tone of jonah hex ; most fan liken clint eastwood ` s the outlaw josie wale to practically be a jonah hex movie . jonah hex would indeed ask the immortal question you gon na pull those pistol , or whistle dixie ? the movie jonah hex , while somewhat capturing the charaacter ` s attitude , unfortunately see fit to muck it up with supernatural underpinnings and the sort of gimmickry that james west would laugh at ( . i mean . c ` mon . twin gatling gun mounted on a saddle ? . a gun that shoot lit stick of dynamite ? ) jonah hex - the character - wa never about gadget and gimmick , or bringing the dead back to life for q & a session . it ` s painfully obvious that the maker of this movie were too timid to risk a straight , hard-edged western , so they basically threw in everything they could think of to please a teen-age audience . and created a mess . now , i do enjoy so-called steampunk - the afformentioned the wild wild west tv series is a good example- but the storyline of jonah hex the character just wa never about steampunk . neither doe the character require supernatural power to be interesting . this film ha been compared to sonnenfeld ` s 1999 wild wild west , which managed to take a successful tv series and ruin virtually every aspect that made it a hit . it ` s a common trend in hollywood : let ` s make a movie of a fan-favorite tv series and change thing . the change of course are to make it more appealing to a broader audience . so the logic is that you want to cash in on a pop classic and yet alter it so that the very people who enjoyed it enough to make it a pop classic will be disgusted ? hey- hollywood know best what people will like . right ? the real tragedy here is that , like james west ; jonah hex ha now been ruined for the big screen and likely will never get another shot at that venue . of course , film-makers in hollywood these day have long since lost all faith in the western genre . it ` s too bad . great character create fan by being appealing , by being . great . the movie jonah hex wa a twisted take on a great character ; twisted to suit the perceived taste of teenager who supposedly would not like a solid western character . well . i wa a teenager when i became a jonah hex fan .
