0	this is not the original it is a remake probably for some legal ownership reason or some such bull . complete crap . sorry i dowloaded it without listening first . i feel ripped off !
0	this album wa pure 80 flop ! like so many artist of the previous decade m m wa trying to go with the time , unfortunately that time wa 1985 and music had changed so much that even a power house vocalist like manchester had to succumb to survive . the song on this album is what i would describe a miami vice [ the series ] throwaway , nothing that will wow you , all except for one . just one lifetime is the sole , singular shinning moment on the album , melissa let loose on this big voice ballad reminisce of her do not cry out loud year . to sum it all up , melissa is better than this 1985 mess. < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/mathematics/dp/b00kuhr4ei/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > mathematics < /a >
0	abc when smokey sings is a gorgeous song no matter the version you end up with , just , this is not the single version i really wanted . meh . the apx . 4:22 version is much better , and this is not it .
0	i want a new online music store , i want a new music store , one that do not just sell mp3s , one that will sell me original cd quality downloads , one that will take the time to respect the music , one that will make me feel like the audio sound like it should ... seriously bought one single just to test it out , cause i do not want to pay $ 40 , for the original cd ( reprint ) . i am not a audio snob , but i payed a decent amount of money for my home theater setup . i do not think i should have to disrespect the author of the music by buying a album that is 1/10 of the original data in mp3 format . i would gladly pay an extra $ 5 dollar or whatever for wav handling , i do not think this is too much to ask . amazon or itunes can not seem to comprehend this .
0	product came damaged and the vinyl wa extremely warped , black smudge on the surface , and could not play at all . i am extremely disappointed considering the high price . do not buy this .
0	do not purchase this and support a band that includes a woman supporting a rapist . so ignorant-way to perpetuate rape culture ... and you are a woman !
0	i love the song , but i will never use amazon digital again ! ! ! waste of money and now i will have to find another way of buying this song .
0	this is katy perry third and , unfortunately , awfully unimaginative album . i find myself skipping half of the track . they are boring , play-it-safe song with a very rigid musical formula . i enjoy pop music that push the boundary a little ... this doe not . at all .
0	could not figure out how to download .
0	i did not realize only 2 song were on cd . what a rip off .
0	nothing but noise , do not waste you money . i am a nin fan but i wa really pissed off .
0	it did not sound the original .
0	strong political view that are ranted about through the medium . refuse to listen to it a second time .
0	i really liked alternative album of their early b-sides through 1990 or so . i thought this collection of b-side material would also be good but i wa disappointed . and psb usually never disappoint me . i only found 3 new track that i liked on the whole 2 cd set . i already had how i learned to hate rock & roll , delusion of grandeur , and the view from your balcony . the new track i liked were we are the pet shop boy and blue on blue . the other track are not very catchy & my attention wasnt kept long enough for me to judge the lyric . the song are much more personal than what wa on pb alternative so i can not relate to the song . unless you are a big fan of neil , i recommend downloading the above individual track from amazon or itunes .
0	this song file is just a single tone for tuning an instrument . do not download unless you are needing to tune up your instrument .
0	i really love his voice but to much profanity . he us racial slur and seems aggressive . if he could for across clearer and get help with his aggression he might do well .
0	i have not purchased this album , but i have listened to most of the song on it on youtube ... and because i have respect for rus and the rippingtons , and they have given me year of musical enjoyment ... i guess in the nicest way that i can put it , this new album just is not my cup of tea . it seems to lack energy and excitement , in my opinion . plus , one the most uptempoed song on the album , & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/we-made-a-new-world/dp/b008ye1nws/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > we made a new world < /a > & nbsp ; is very repetitive and it sound like you are listening to the same note and the same few beat throughout most of the entire song . additionally , even the current single , & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/cougars-gigolos/dp/b008ye1m9c/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > cougar & gigolo < /a > , which is probably the best song the album is still not very outstanding and ha a rather background sound to it . but all and all , i would say that the album a a whole is background music ... and i think that i will stick to more interesting , fun , and exciting music such a darren rahns latest album , & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/speechless/dp/b000a2vas4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > speechless < /a > . ; - ) added on 11/28/12 10:04pm pst : i would like to note that because of repeated radio play , i have come to like the song & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/cougars-gigolos/dp/b008ye1m9c/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > cougar & gigolo < /a > ... which seems to be the one song that i like on the album .
0	really ? this metrosexual probably would not know how to collect egg from a henhouse and these fat girl think he is country ? i mean really ? seriously ? and he is not good looking !
0	i have been looking for the perfect white noise track to help my baby sleep , and stumbled upon this . it wa the best reviewed noise track on amazon , so i thought i would give it a try . it is not at all relaxing , and will not help a baby sleep . it is very harsh , and actually kept her awake .
0	the sample version of staighten it out is the more funky version that i remember hearing on the radio , tv and at party . however , the version that i purchased and downloaded wa a more jazzy version that i am not familiar with and did not want . amazon did refunded me and stated that they would change the song available for purchase and download to match the sample song . however , i went back to re-download the song and it is still the different version than the sample version . after continuing my search , i found the exact version of the song that i wanted on e music via you tube .
0	i am not sure how this purchase made it to my account i did not download the product or ever listen to it
0	so not the song i wanted .
0	thank you
0	i wa such a big fan of their debut album , i felt that tantric would have a great second . which is why i decided to buy a cheaper copy off of amazon rather then pay full price at bestbuy . after really giving it sometime , the album feel forced and soul le . hey now wa the single that pulled me in but the problem with it lie within it very weak chorus . the only good song on this album is hero . i think that todd went into an area that did not suit him nor the band . one star for the song hero . do not waste your time on this album . enjoy their first album .
0	i wanted to upgrade the quality of this album from when i copied it from vinyl . the record wa old and played a lot over the year . the download from amazon wa very poor . the sound seemed to travel from right to left and back and wa not a high definition of my copy from the vinyl . the quality wa not a good a my transfer from vinyl to digital . i will be asking for a refund .
0	not a good a i thought it would be.material not there .
0	roar is great , the rest is a bit boring . some of it is just bad ....... i tune roar , save your money .
0	working in the music industry i hear alot and see alot . for me to listen to this techno stuff is pretty bad considering it nothing but auto tune . the girl cant sing but her music is catchy . but to be honest , some song on here are heavily autotuned to where you cant understand what shes tempting to sing . not worth it .
0	sound like every other wan na be dance singer who try to copy brittney spear or christina aguilera . even the auto tone can not help her . i would not recommend this . i am giving it one star because i can not give zero star . do not buy it .
0	2014 forest hill drive is by far one of my favorite album i have listened to and i reccomend the music to anyone . so because i loved the album , i decided to order a vinyl version to listen to on my record player . got here very quickly and everything initially seemed great but when i played it , track started skipping to the point where you can not listen to the vinyl a it repeat a verse over and over again and then skip straight to the chorus . i cleaned my record player and played other vinyl i have and none have the same problem . very disappointed . getting a replacement and hoping that it wa just my copy that had the problem ...
0	i expected the 3/5 star music content . the mostly instrumental arrangement actually made me more seriously consider purchasing this . the thing that finally made me bite wa this being released in high def ( 24/96 ) fidelity and mixed in 5.1 surround sound . the 5.1 mix just sound phoned in unfortunately . it honestly sound for all the world like someone just did a cursory stereo mix and maybe expanded a couple stereo reverb program to 5.1 program . this is a very unadventurous stereo mix mastered to a surround format . that is it . it is professional quality . no distortion or anything . 24 bit and better than cd fidelity and all that . but lifeless . and this from the band that pretty much invented surround sound and brought it into people home with the quad release of dark side of the moon . this could have been a really good album too . if this would have been mixed with any hunger it could have been a very good back to their root experimental psyecedelic album with sound in motion swirling around the room adding to the arrangement . apparently no one cared . it go almost without saying that this is quite a bit better than daves last few album ( about face , momentary lapse , division bell and on an island ) simply because it omits the very non-pink floyd sounding polite lyric and commercial radio approach he is been into since the 1980s . except for the last track ( must be the radio cut ) . avoid that one if you do decide to sit through this .
0	one good song : leaving winslow yeah yeah : the most irritating song he is ever done . his solo acoustic record are among my all time fave live record . jb seems like a nice guy , with personality , but not here , that is for sure .
0	i love alicia and this song in particular . however , i am confused why there is so much static in the song , especially at the beginning ? it doe not appear to be there for effect .
0	i have held off on adding my fly from here review until i wa able to say that i fully knew and understood every drop of this new yes album . so i have given it 7 solid , serious , objective listens and the word that resonates the most is disappointing . thing definitely begin and end on high note . i love the overture . it is exciting and reveals theme that are used later on but never a well a during these first few minute . fly from here part 1 - we can fly ha a lush melody and great momentum to it . and my favorite song on the album is probably the closing number into the storm , an upbeat , rhythmic number with a gorgeous and absolutely haunting middle section . the rest of fly from here is either predictable , boring or just plain not very good . the song-structure and melody are so basic and unimaginable . steve howe solo pice solitaire is decent enough but it feel out of place among this collection of song . same go for chris squire the man you always wanted me to be which i might be able to justify on a solo project but certainly not in the middle of a yes album . life on a film set is ridiculously cheesy ... if they sing the phrase riding a tiger one more time , i may be tempted to break something . and hour of need is harmless but more worthy of someone like asia than yes . the centerpiece of the album is the 20+ minute fly from here suite which is once again , disappointing . a i said earlier , it start off with lot of promise ... i have no problem with it is first 8 minute but it quickly turn lame and silly . while i wasnt expecting the gate of delirium or the revealing science of god , something a little more challenging and intricate would have been welcomed . i know that so many of the comment about this new chapter of yes are centered around jon anderson no longer being in the band and sure , i would rather jon wa here and am not at all happy about the way his legendary time with yes came to an end . but i actually like benoit david vocal work on fly from here -- - he somehow make it his own and most of what he is doing work nicely . i just do not think that geoff downes keyboard style is suited for yes music . he brings a mannheim steamroller kind of quality to the sound which might work in limited dos but over the course of a whole album i do not think he come anywhere close to the many keyboard-players who passed through yes over the year . i wa definitely expecting a lot more from this effort and am surprised at just how mediocre it is . i have heard some refer to fly from here a drama , part 2 but i loved drama which wa dynamic and original and this one doe not come anywhere within mile of approaching that level . two star out of 5 .
0	this version is like pat boone remade this classic hit year after it is original release . you can definitely tell the difference . avoid .
0	purchased this song but amazon will not let me download it if i could give it 0 star i would .
0	i tried to purchase this song on the amazon app for blackberry but instead of getting this one song the app tried to get me to download the whole album . now i am trying to figure out how to get a refund . love the song but the technology could be better .
0	love the song but i can not get it to download on to my phone ! ! ! so frustrating .. i tried deleting it and adding again .. it is probably the amazon ap itself because it downloaded on to my computer
0	is it possible that these song are still in the system and i can download them again ... i did not receive on my ipod .....
0	they cant all be gem .
0	the album is ok. i wasnt super impressed . the best song do not sound like any of his previous stuff , and the one that do are terrible .
0	everyone i know ha been ranting and raving about sam smith lately , i agree he can sing , but i do not find anything special about him . do not waste your money on this ep .
0	we all know roar sold thanks to nokia and pepsi , the song can be catchy , boring and similar to brave . it is a very generic album , you can find no iconic song here . we all know katy put her heart into this , but her producer are the most generic you can find in the industry . the album is full of filler , you fall asleep when ghost begin ... never wake up .
0	not the instrumental i thought it wa . not the instrumental i thought it wa . need i say it one more time ?
0	i bought this in august , but the version i received wa the standard one , not the limited edition . once i came back to brazil , i could not change it or send it back in time . s * * * ty deal .
0	how can i describe infinity and beauty combined ? not at all , and that is the essence of play and childhood doings contained here in song of seven - one centimeter of this work of jon anderson can not be taken away and analyzed , in my humble opinion . this is why generation pas knowledge on , perhaps . so7 is simply beyond this rating system . i leave it at that .
0	k. zirkles review of this cd is freakishly similar to mine , so i do not feel that i need to really say much more . primer is without a doubt my favorite rockapella cd of all time . i got my copy signed by the group at one of seans last performance . all of my u.s cd have been purchased on release day with the exception of bang . after hearing some of the preview track on the website , it wa clear that the streak would end . i only recently purchased this cd for the collector in me , so i could have every rp cd ( japan , and u.s , and all compilation ) . although a couple song are decent , my favorite is california sad-eyed girl ( i wa at the concert they premiered it at ) , many seem to be lacking something ( aside from the dreaded auto-tune ) that made rockapella my favorite group .
0	yeah you can only imagine because it is b . christian crap ha no place in my playlist nor should it even be recommended to me
0	this is a review of the vinyl record that wa put out in the end of 2014. i wa excited to see this and upon opening my package i wa hit right away that the cover looked off and not a detailed . i took it over to my cover from the 80 and put them side by side to see how they looked . the rerelease is way washed out compared to the original . the muscle structure on eddie is a soft pink instead of a darker red and the detail line are soft . the only part that look better is aroundthe moon . the rest look faded by 30-50 % ( i am not a graphic artist complaining about a 5 % difference , this is pretty major ) i no that sometimes there can be master issue but the difference in quality is way more than i would expect it to be even if they had to scan and remake an original ( which i doubt since steve is so on making sure maiden property is protected ) . so love the song , but if you want to get the 2014 rerelease vinyl thinking this epic cover would be a stunning a the original than you are in fore disappointment . since i bought this to display in my office i am sad to see the quality failed , hence 1 star on something that should have been easy to accomplish .
0	< a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/yo-it-s-christmas/dp/b000vbiexi/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > yo it is christmas < /a > this product is a perfect example of what is wrong in the world . if you are a parent and you buy this for your child , then you should be sterilized and have your child taken away . if you are a child and you are buying this trash then do u all a favor and remember , it is down the street , not across it .
0	i like everything bob doe . this is great song
1	very good
1	i love the blend of different song . it very easy to listening to . i can sit , relax , and enjoy the sound and environment without feeling overwhelmed .
1	good old song from the day .
1	great song . easy download .
1	great music . energetic . creative . magical . meaningful . fashion art music .
1	song of the year
1	timeless truth . this is a song that no matter how old or young you are will bring tear to your eye . the picture these word paint are truth we a his child understand . i pray for those who have never come to see their sin like mary who poured out her praise on him like oil from her alabaster box .
1	well this reminds me of when i wa younger and hanging out in compton cailf . and it also show back when people wanted to get together and have plain old fun . even if the woman in the song want a man who can take care of her and himself . anyway the song is about good old fashion fun . there is not shooting and calling each other out of their name . it is just a love story . yes i would tell someone try it out .
1	one of my favorite movie score track ever !
1	this group of young men are the best ...... they sing and look like angle from heaven .
1	very good album .
1	love this song , but it ha depressing overtone .
1	played it all the way thru , only thing wa that i wanted more . love you can take my life and the video !
1	very good . not just the am radio hit . some very cool cover
1	love the music
1	kept me dancing all day . excellent to exercise to . shared the information to all my senior friend . they purchased and now we all walk to it .
1	the fixx demonstrated a tremendous talent with reach the beach . it contains the hit one thing lead to another and saved by zero . the album itself wa a commercial success , containing a lineup of song that were appealing and fun to listen to . i would recommend this album to anyone a an introduction to a great band that i feel is under sung .
1	the sonics are one of the greatest unknown american rock band of the 1960s . they rocked harder than anybody and singer gerry roslie wa one of the all-time great screamer . while they never had any national success , they were a big influence on punk rock . this cd contains most of the best material that they recorded for etiquette record , except for their christmas music . there is also a radio ad for a sonics concert and an interview with bass player andy parypa . the interview is not really something most people will want to listen to more than once , and the cd would have been better off including more song instead . here is the complete track listing : 1. the witch 2. do you love me 3. bos ho 4. dirty robber 5. have love will travel 6. psycho 7. money 8. walkin the dog 9. night time is the right time 10. strychnine 11. good golly miss molly 12. the hustler 13. psycho ( live ) 14. cinderella 15. do not be afraid of the dark 16. skinny minnie 17. jenny jenny 18. he is waitin 19. louie louie 20. hitch hike 21. shot down 22. keep a knockin 23. the witch ( live ) 24. the witch ( alternate take ) 25. sonics concert radio advertisement 26. interview with andy parypa
1	i have to admit that i know very little about the cover of a cover of a cover of a song genre , but in my opinion this is the best one since britney spear cover of madonna cover of marilyn monroe covering happy birthday for jfk . it is even above that silent night one that wa re-covered one hundred and eighty time by nashville artist alone ! i know how proud and happy glee must be to have become an integral link in the chain of this infinite artistic loop of admiring immense posterior through song .
1	this wa my first time of knowing the name cecile and of her music . although , i am not mush a music reviewew but , listening to music by cecile wa uplifting and exccelarating . i first thught i wa listening to lady saw then i discovered this is a brand new spitfire to listen to . ceciles music is super good to listen to and enjoy . i love the lyric .
1	excellent singer
1	love the lyric and the beat ..... find myself humming it
1	i love this song ! it is very funny and i loved seeing it live . i love glinda and elphaba ! i would totally buy it if your having any second thought !
1	awesome song for the movie . lana del rey is the perfect person for the song . loved the original and love this one more !
1	i had this album back in the 70 and lost it . i have looking for another copy for the longest , i wished that it had been on a cd , but i can change that . this is a great album , some of bill withers best work in my opinion . it full of life experience and observation . i am glad i wa able to locate another copy . for anyone who love bill withers and is collecting his music , this is a got to have piece of work , take my word for it ....
1	good song
1	bought this for my daughter well my wife wanted it too lol but it great . it ha all the best song would buy again
1	delicate convicting soulful
1	teddy bear , picnic , fear , combine in wonderful melange .
1	nice throwback
1	awesome album
1	i wa out running when i hear this cd and knew i had to get it , a great cd must have
1	great song .
1	obsessed with this album and especially gravity with maria brink . papa roach always mutates into new sound with every album and they never fail while doing so . love these guy , love this album .
1	it turn out the old saying is true : the family that play together , stay together . four sibling and their best pal make up indiepop group eisley , whose debut eps hinted at what they could do . and room noise certainly prof that their airy , whimsical pop wa worth the long wait for . some of the song are from those eps , although they sound a bit tighter and smoother . for example , the heartbreaking ode to the bullied , telescope eye , or the prettily whimsical marvelous thing . despite the airy poesy of the song , there is a distinctly melancholy streak through the album , which peak at the very beginning : memory , a haunting song about a woman mourning her husband suicide . despite a few ep song , they also have quite a few new song , like the enchantingly sunny golly sandra , which ha echo of the beach boy . but the sparkling pop vibe continues in other song , carried over in piano melody and smooth guitar riff . still floating soft/i am dreaming and i am glad i lost/and still with my fingers/i am drawing circle in the water , the song go , a fluid a the water it talk about . that mixture of bittersweetness and innocent optimism is what make eisley so darn appealing . nowhere are the stereotypical i-just-wanna-have-fun or my-boy/girlfriend-dumped-me-and-now-i-wanna-swim-with-the-toaster music for this pop band . while they have some love song , the emphasis is on their enchanting kind of whimsy . that whimsy carry over into just about whatever they sing about , whether it is sherri and staci singing about dragon in the wood , sunlight and butterfly , or metal teeth and telescope eye . some of the lyric seem to stray into flaming lips-type surrealism , but are also grounded by simple sentiment like , you have shining eye , yes like those forest light , and it make me want to cry . after the past few year , with the group rapidly moving out of the teen bracket , one would wonder if stacy and sherri duprees angelic vocal would have gotten ... well , not so pretty . no problem with that -- they sound a bit like younger version of beth gibbon or perhaps hope sandoval . the two girl even interplay their vocal in on song , with remarkable skill and spine-tingling result . at the start of one song , the line congratulation , we have finally made it is sung . and so eisley ha -- and this promising band only show sign of getting even better in album to come .
1	great album great singer
1	sound are a good a the series .
1	classic love song of all time .
1	i had this song previously on my computer but when i had to re-install window i lost all my music .
1	it is so difficult to get good international music in the state in the mall record store . i am so thankful that amazon offer me access to such great title a marque , the french rap group manau and anastacias newest cd , a well a angelique kidjo , to name a few . the problem about having lived in so many different country is that you get spoiled and want the music you like , even in the u.s. i wa happy to find marque on here , because i had downloaded his hit one to make her happy when i wa in germany , but now that i am in the u.s. again , my pc will not let me access it . thank goodness for amazon and it global reach .
1	i love the cd ! ! neil byrnes voice is so smooth , so beautiful . the song have a jazzy feel and if you love him in celtic thunder , you will most certainly enjoy this .
1	another great song from band perry ! cant go wrong with any of their music
1	i love phantogram and big boi glad they came together
1	i really like the song when i first heard it on youtube but i wanted the 2005 version . it is a better version . however that doe not mean that i did not like the disc i am enjoying it so much that i can not thank them for the sale of the disc . thanks nicolas sebastian massu de la carrera
1	love this song
1	what can i say , back than the song had much meaning , and bring back so many memory . i just love old school , always have always will . ( some polpe listen to remember , and some to forget ) an all time great ! ! ! ! !
1	song make you want dive deeper into personal gloom and is a great addition to a moody soundtrack ,
1	i love this c.d . it is ten time better than believe . if you like to boogie woogie than by this c.d.my favorit song are in this order * love is a lonely place without you * song for the lonely * the music no good without you * when you walk away * aive again * when the money gone * love so high * rain , rain * body to body , heart to heart * real love * love one another
1	thanks
