0	i got this for a playlist i had to make . not my cup of tea
0	i am not feeling all the gd , so it not my favorite
0	were it not for the hell yeah cd by black n blue that i purchased at the same time a rockaholic , i would criticize this more but after listening to how a terrible a cd can actually be , i will say that at least i did not frisbee this into the trash . instead , i kep the case and dropped the cd in the trash .
0	this is completely fake . i am an audio engineer and i wa intrigued by the promotional video i saw on facebook for this cd . the claim is that cricket are singing a melody . we are played a recording of cricket and then a slowed down version . i took this original and slowed it down to make a comparison . guess what ? there is no melody in the original . i have no objection to making melody from recording of cricket , thats an interesting thing to do . claiming this is some god given natural phenomenon however , is complete nonsense , designed to trick people into buying something . dont be fooled !
0	short and sweet : without the middle extended instrumental , this is just about a unsatisfying a it get . avoid this and find the album cut , not the radio cut , which this is .
0	i want to consider buying this but i do not know what it contains ! i am not paying $ 42 dollar plus s/h without knowing what song i am gon na get
0	sorry a a longtime fan of chicago transit authority first album , which i think is a classic , i do not understand why they would release this rerecording . all it took wa the soundbite of 25 or 6 to 4 to realize that it sound very flat and dull and nothing like the original version . will skip this and go listen to the original lp on vinyl to get the full sound that these great song were meant to have . warning do not buy this imitation , seek out the original vinyl lp to get the full effect .
0	these are re-recorded version and , of course , the excitement and energy is completely gone in these song . sometimes it is just best to leave original art alone . these are horrible and not worth the money . get the original and feel the energy , the art , the passion and the excitement of what it wa really like back in the day and not the loathing of an artist 25/30 year later . sorry we lost andrea true ( november 2011 ) but her best wa 1976/1977 .
0	disappointing work -not up to her usual high quality work , bland and lacking drive , i can see why they were in a vault ! ! !
0	big mistake
0	i love the song , but a others have stated , the volume is really low . in comparison to other song , i would say the volume is at about 20 % of other music . you crank up the volume all the way up , and it appears the song is being whispered . the song can not be enjoyed like this . very disappointed . i should get a refund because i will not be playing this particular download anymore .
0	i wa soooo excited to get this album because donells previous work ha been great , but this album fell very short . if you are looking for the same groove a his single love like this you will not find it on this cd . there maybe one other song i like on the cd but it not even worth it . i wish i would have downloaded it or something that way i would have only wasted my time and not my money .
0	very well used copy . cover quite tattered . did not have any issue with cd , though it looked somewhat scratched . i ordered based on a you tube video done live somewhere in europe that wa posted on my fb page . disappointed over all . glad i did not have to pay for shipping from the uk !
0	awesome track but audio quality is terrible . i heard the same track on my regular fm radio and it sounded way better .
0	should have song listed hear no song no purchasee
0	no where is the song when the horse and red are rounding the tree after healing . the emotional part when the horse win at the race is not there . the best of the movie is not even on the soundtrack .... very disappointed . i feel ripped .
0	disappointed
0	love josh groban , but this is my least favorite album . i wa disappointed with the song choice - of all broadway song to pick , why these ?
0	i have all chris isaaks record . this is not the worst ( that would have to be always got tonight ) but it is not one of his best either . there are some mediocre song and some good song , but even the good song are marred by lackluster arrangement . down in flame is a perfect example . that could have been a real stomper ! instead it sound like elevator music . if you are new to isaak please do not start with this one . get your hand on forever blue and heart shaped world . if you are a long-time fan you probably already bought it , so why are you reading review anyway ?
0	i wa expecting the song i heard on the radio , not this offensive , explicit version . us b ... word , etc ... no thanks ! deleted it . waste of money . a singer who refers to woman in such a derogatory manner is not an artist , and not worth listening to , imho .
0	skip .
0	i like bob dyan
0	do not get burned ! these are inferior re-recorded version . for whatever reason it wa done ( and i know artist got ta eat , and mitch deserves more fortune than he is got ) , it is terrible . buy rhino rev up instead .
0	iggy pop is a legend and on this cd he team up with the accomplished josh homme , et al . the finished product should be exciting , but it fall flat . it just doe not have the hook or energy that you would expect from musician of this caliber .
0	this crapola is typical no talent , cheap , bump and grind dance muzak . i find this nonsense revolting and would not , did not , order it . why have i been charged for this , or the other stuff that i have ordered form amazon that ha not , will not work ?
0	i am a synthpop fan of sort so getting this album seemed like it might not be so bad . i had heard a couple of the song on this album and did not hate them but hoped the rest were better . in my opinion they were not . the modern synthpop scene ha grown to include much more than the 80 frozen in time . there are band like the echoing green who include guitar and drum from time to time in music that most people can not help but get up and dance to . band like vnv nation and apoptygma berzerk have driving rhythm and beat that would make anyone want to get up and ride their own tour de france or compete in an impromptu triathalon . this album is nothing like those band . i found most of the music made me feel like today wa 1/1/1989 . there wa very little bass and the beat and rhythm here were very slight . so much so that the sound wa very similar to the 80 sound of pure analog synth keyboard . this is not to say that the cause for this album is not praise worthy and the band are not quality . other 9/11 trinute album represented a broad sampling of music . being a pure synthpop tribute album i would have expected the same but in term of synthpop variety ; i found all of these song o be very similar and not of the style of synthpop i remotely enjoy . i feel safe to say that if you know any of these band on here your feeling about their song should help you understand how you will probably feel about the rest of the album . if you are looking for a sure fire cd to get enjoyment out of and you are totally unfamiliar with any of the band on this cd i recommend taking the risk someplace else .
0	s * * * ty album . he basically is complaining over bitch the whole album however i am not a long time fan . discovered him from scarface album and thought he wa good so i decide to look at some of his project which wa a big mistake .
0	i think i would love the music , but i have not been able to load it on my computer . the music preview wa great . now if only i could hear the whole piece i paid for .
0	it is not a if there were extended instrumental solo . this extended version just had a lot more moaning and groaning and the intro had a lot more empty space . cheap , but ultimately not recommended .
0	love josh groban but his disk wa damaged on the last trak of the recording . not happy !
0	it ok
0	i wish i couldve listened to the whole song before buying , i really did not like the extra section by kendrick lamar , it wa completely out of context and detracted from the song .
0	the best song are also on light fuse , get away . released in 1997 , this is widespread panic fifth cd . the sound quality is very good . it is 49 minute long , but the last 4 minute of greta is just a very annoying scraping , buzzing sound . the cd originally came in a cardboard foldout case . there is something that is not quite right with this cd . the production value and engineering are very good . i think it is that the composition are just not very good . this is one of those singer/song writer album that every jam band put out . everyone want to do an american beauty ( grateful dead landmark album ) . moe had dither , string cheese incident ha one step closer and phish had picture of nectar . they were all failure . to make a singer/song writer album , the group usually brings in an outside producer . this producer than mold the album around his vision , instead of the band . it usually doe not work . john keane produced this album . he also produced the previous aint life grand , where he wa very succesful . i think that with aint life grand , he made the album better by cleaing up the sound , but not interfering with the group artistic vision . on this cd , bomb & butterfly , he might have too much influence . it also sound like the group is trying to copy others . aunt avis sound like la country rock by someone like the buffalo springfield or crosby , still , nash and young . happy , is an allman brother type instrumental , but is not very interesting . many of the song are along the standard southern rock music style . you got yours sound like it ha a little deep purple mixed in . greta ha a pink floyd like opening . the album doe have a very good sound . the playing and mix are excellent . he also contained john herrmans keyboard playing so that really enhances the song , instead of detracting from them . but , the song just are not very good . and the best song , rebirtha and greta are on the live cd light fuse , get away and tall boy is on classic city . you could get those and skip this cd . the worst song , aunt avis and hope in a hopeless world were written by someone else . the group should stick to performing their own song , or jj cale song . if you are new to widespread panic , get the live cd classic city and then get the first two cd , widespread panic and space wrangler , which are fantastic , five star album .
0	an enjoyable album with a good delivery time .
0	i have heard there stuff and it a cool mixture of the folkys sounding stuff which at time can lead to a hybrid of other thing , however they fall into a phrase called sleepy time music which work well with coffee and rainy day , however it doe not do much for me wide awake and there material sound like one long song which ha some nice moment here and there , however nothing that to me merit the hype they are getting . they have talent , however they have found a formula early on and they seem content on it , which will work for folk who accept that from them , however others it feel played out before it had a fully good chance at developing .
0	i suppose this is an o.k . release if you like listening to beatles song from guy with seattle accent . made me sleepy just listening to it ... better to buy little white lie by the band fastball if you want to hear the austin , texas version of the beatles ... you will love it ! i promise ! : )
0	10cc suck ! extra , extra , read all about it ! 10cc suck , and i am gon na shout it ! wayne fontana and the mindbenders were better a wayne fontana and the mindbenders . i would like to let you know that this is a great album to listen to if you want to commit suicide . this band only ha a couple good song , county jail , i am not in love and the thing we do for love , all brilliant song . it puzzle my dad a to why some artist can put out a real brilliant song , and then their other stuff is rubbish . my father listens to anything when he is drunk , and this is the cd he listened to . he sobers up and then he go to relisten to find out it wa rubbish and the only reason he liked it wa because he wa drunk . i have noticed that when previewing the cd when i am drunk and placing my order , it arrives one day when i have sobered up , and i do not like it . my mum wa telling my dad how awful this album wa and kept demanding him to turn it down . the song on this album are screechy , annoying , depressing and rubbishy . if you like this band , i recommend you listen to gene mcdaniels . he is also pretty bad , but not a bad a this junk .
0	it is one lady with one voice the entire time basically just reading fast . too fast .
0	it is my own fault ! it say right there that it is from the animated series ! ! otherwise it would be getting negative star .
0	had the misfortune to see this pathetic group of rockstar wannabee live at an all day event year ago . spacehog headlined on the strength of that mediocre hit single but were easily the worst band of the day ! ! ! oh yeah , this album reek also ! ! !
0	a lot if not most of these song are not the original song or artist ! it is misleading for amazon to name the artist when the song ha been recorded by someone else !
0	i really enjoy dierks for his bluegrass sound . this album ha none of this .
0	the content of this cd is folk song not original song by woody guthrie , pete seeger and leadbelly . this folkways re-issue is disappointing . the title/artist listing on amazon.com contains more information than the cd . song 1-9 are woody guthrie , 10-19 are pete seeger ( hard not to recognize his voice ) and the last 2 by leadbelly . based on the music alone , without context , the cd ha very little entertainment value . when wa it recorded ? all we know is that the cd contains re-issues of folkways original recording . i am admittedly not a big fan of folkways recording a entertainment , although they do have historic value . folkways eschewed normal recording technique to make authentic recording . virtually no effort appears to have been taken in the re-issue . some of the song sound like they were recorded through a tin can . some track have a 60-hz hum that intrudes if you turn on up the volume . there are much better collection of song by all three of these great artist but if you want to hear them sing good old folk music , this may be your choice .
0	expected the real artist not remake sang by some unknown group . my mistake for the price you pay . you get what you pay for . : (
0	no
0	neckbeard : a man who is socially inept and physically unappealing , especially one who ha an obsessive interest in computing : people expect me to be some sort of balding , overweight neckbeard . code from the console like a true neckbeard . neckbeard is a pejorative term for people with negative stereotype such a social awkwardness , underachievement or pretentiousness . the term is often associated with neck hair growth and may refer to overweight unkempt internet user with strong political view . neckbeards are also associated with comic book , dungeon & dragon , magic : the gathering , otaku subculture , my little pony and certain game . they tend to have hair growth on their neck and sometimes wear fedora . neckbeards have been called the neard.neckbeards have often been associated with various community , including feminism , incels and men right movement .
0	the item is awesome .. the cd case came cracked in many place .
0	waste of money . just someone recording at an oktoberfest ( or party ) . the background noise and cheering is louder than the music .
0	wa not up to ronnie dunns great talent . returned it and got a full refund .
0	should be called this comedian a hack i would hope a professional stand up could outsmart an audience member .
0	if you ever go to a country music bar , you will probably hear this song , a real classic ! love this song !
0	my daughter for her 11th birthday got this cd . not knowing that it wa only a cd single . i am a father who doe not live with his daughter so i use amazon alot for birthday and christmas . well that stop now . a for this item ... if this is not a cd single then my daughter got the wrong item . $ 16 for a single ... no dice !
0	one of my favorite , me and one of my truck wa in smokey and the bandit 2 with jerry reed so i knew him personally .
0	i absolutely love barber adagio for string and ha been a favorite for year . i just recently discovered bond and am amazed at the great combination of the new and the classic . keep up the good work . but , when i saw that bond had done a cover of it , i had to take a listen . omg , what were you thinking ? all the techno stuff overpowered the delicate sound and killed it for me . thanks , still love the other stuff , but you kinda ruined this one , good try .
0	should have been titled stalking from the outside or shouting from the outside typical cry me a river adele lyric .
0	actually i really love this version of the track and wa glad to purchase it . however after purchasing and downloading , i realized that the track time of play wa only 6:09. the actual full version of this track is 9:33 , essentially cutting out the entire section of the fantastic rhythmic organ riff which make this song great . therefore , beware : if you purchase this song , know that you are not getting the full original version .
0	i wa surprised when i first saw her new music video from this album . what a combo ! nowadays , jewel is the combination of britney , christina , j.lo ... etc . do not you think the world is full of pollution now ? all muisc lover , if you want a healthy ear , please do not listen to this album ; if you want a healthy eye , please do not watch her music video or picture , and do not buy her product for le pollution ! thank you !
0	you are going to release a best of sweeney todd and not include roxy roller ? i wa and am supremely pissssssssssed ...
0	these are not real german singer , they have accent . it is nothing what they advertised it . music stink .
0	i purchased this product mostly because it had the song i wa looking for in it ( la la la ) . sadly when i started listening to the cd from the beginning little did i know that the lyric were explicit ( not on la la la , but on another song ) . no warning prior to buying this cd . if i would have known , i would not have purchased it and waited until the song came out on another product ( which it did on the now 50 ) . music is not bad at all . a nice rendition of get lucky featuring tanika wa a pleasant surprise . nevertheless , if you are looking just to hear music ( or clean lyric ) this is not the cd for you . it wasnt for me .
0	did not order this .
0	there is no need to listen to music . it suck really bad and it is detremental to people . no music
0	good music , but uneven recording level between track , a few are far too soft , some track lost bass and others lost high treble tone , and a few cut off too abruptly and this damage what could be a great list . it is still worth the listen , but do not expect it to be the same quality a volume one wa .
0	this is the rap cover/remix by run-dmc , not the aerosmith original a advertised . save yourself the customer service hassle .
0	bob dylan - slow train coming nothing new musically - your standard run-of the-mill , very simple , 80 pop-rock/blues fare . in track one , master lyricist dylan sings the following : you may call me terry , you may call me timmy , you may call me bobby , you may call me zimmy , you may call me r.j. , you may call me ray , you may call me anything but no matter what you say you are gon na have to serve somebody who doe he think he is ? ray jay johnson jr. ? dylan is not much of a singer to begin with , but 22 second into track 3 he warble a note so sour , that i cringed a if somebody scratched nail across a blackboard and nearly hit eject . a few clunkers that ran from 1:54 to 1:58 had the same effect -- awful . dylan should stay away from ballad ( that should be like a law or something ) . is track 5 a reworking of cocaine by clapton ? this album could use some -- the white powdery stuff , not eric . track 9 , another ballad ? he would get beer thrown at him on karaoke night in front of even the most talent-starved audience . if you are really after christian music that is just an imitation of real rock and roll , just grab an album by petra or whiteheart or even stryper . if you are a dylan fan , grab one of his good album . mediocre music , awful vocal . slightly above average jesus-freak lyric ( for good christian lyric , check out john michael talbot or keith green ) . 1 star because it is dylan .
0	first let me say , i absolutely love the song but it will not download for me .
0	this is b , the purpous of digital music is to choose what song you want and not forced to buy an entire album .
0	oops sorry i never thought i would say this but this wa horrible . i do not get this cd at all i want my 999 back on i m going to trade this train wreck in bye felicia
0	i honestly hate how one try to out-shine the other . this is a duo . act like a team !
0	i wa dissapointed when i got this , for some reason i thought that these guy were going to be a resergence of the before punk-pop mid 90 punk rock that i really like , kind of like green day insomniac , but it sound just like every pop-punk band out their and it ... , all their chorus have na-na-na-nananana in them , it is just pop with distorted guitar .
0	this song is so mediocre i thought i wa going to fall asleep . mariqueens voice is barely passable . she is a terrible singer and not an interesting one either . you know how some people may not be able to hit every note , but at least have a unique character to their voice ? mariqueen is not one of those people . she can not sing . she is 29 year old and no amount of training is going to improve her vocal ability . if this is the song that is going to be released a a single , well , it is not saying much for the rest of the cd . reznors music is always the same in lyric and sound . this song sound just like nins ghost and the fragile mated and created the most average , banal offspring ever . how many melodramatic song about self-destruction , suicide and depression do we need from reznor ? like nin wasnt enough , now he is making his wife sing that crap . reznor ha created the the dream-team of depression . how to kill angel is the lamest band name ever , and it sound like something a 13 year-old would come up with . it just seems like trent is not impressing anyone anymore , he is more of a tired puppeteer .
0	who came up with this song ? ? lyric are awesome but singer is butcher song with le than mediocre voice . wish she would have taken singing lesson or vocalization lesson , oh well .
0	if you have the pc version of portal , do not buy this . the reason is that if yo get a free program called gcfscape and open c : /program files/steam/steamapps/portal content . gcf in gcfscape , you can then find the song still alive in this program . once gcfscape ha portal content . gcf open , double click portal . then , double click sound . then , double click music . finally right click portal_still_alive.mp3 and click extract to choose where you want it . by doing this you agree that i am not responsible for anything that happens to portal or your computer ( s ) .
0	nice tune , but seems mark ha little to say ... lost the drama . becoming repetitious . can not recommend . but if you are a die hard , like me , you will buy it anyways .
0	have a love of instrumental music and a wondreful new found joy for peter white and am a big fan of the isley bros , so it so nice to have him do such great tune . when i heard the version of the temp , i already aam a fan
0	i like the singer and the song ; but , not the 2 together . i thoought i wa ordering the original hit .
0	not sure who ordered this . wasnt me . sorry for the mix up . can not speak on a product i do not know .
0	good ! ! thank you
0	annoying
0	i wa eagerly awaiting an il volo new release , and pre-ordered this album before it official release date . this cd includes xmas song , a curious and strange pairing . i had already bought the xmas cd long before the season , hence i did not need them again . i even own the spanish version cd . what were they attempting to do ? the non-xmas song on this cd are mostly without feeling , and do not do justice to their beautiful voice . i simply adore these young men and i hope that the person ( s ) responsible for deciding which song the trio sings will do a better job the next time . i will continue to be a devoted il volo fan a their voice are so beautiful and uplifting . however , this experience certainly take me out of the realm of advance ordering .
0	this is the worst thing i have ever heard . that includes that time my girlfriend farted in her sleep and it made me sick .
0	very disappointing . not sure what is going on here . this lack the energy i have come to expect from in this moment .
0	fantastic .. so fantastic i bought one for friend too
0	i have purchased music from amazon before and have always been able to download it . for some reason i can not seem to download this tune so i can play it when i am not online ? ? ?
0	i have to say i wa a little disappointed with the songwriting and the guitar piece on the album . i know it is hard to replace john f but i thought the tone of the guitar wa off , not mixed right and it wa just filler for most of the song . this is the first album i have heard from them where i have been disappointed and they are one of my favorite band . it ha a few song that are ok and it ha potential but i feel like it fall short .
0	i did not like it at all .
0	when i heard susan sing the piece from le miserbles i loved it . this cd wa a disappointment , but probably my choice in music differs ...
0	this album mark the beginning of an end a far a jonis career , after this album she began moving away from her folk root and more towards jazz .
0	this song sound like it is being sung from a big metal barrel . it just really ha a very bad tone , which is so sad for such a beautiful song and beautiful voice . it is just a bad recording !
0	not what it claim to be , steamroller is a different version .
0	i gave this song to starve because the content of the music however the quality of the soundtrack wa great
0	this guy took a bunch of awesome dance track and tried poorly to rap over them . this whole cd is trash . these song arte old in the electronic community and now suddenly the main stream is trying to adopt them to be cool . this guy is pathetic and unoriginal .
0	i did not realize this wa the edited version , therefore most of the song ( i wa very anxiously waiting to hear ) were bleeped out .
0	chrisette michelle is a very talented singer ! i thoroughly enjoyed her 1st album , jammed to the 2nd album , and this one not so much . i am having a hard time just trying to enjoy it . let freedom reign is not her best work . almost every song sound alike . i have seen her in concert and can testify that she ha a true talent and gift ; however , i am just not moved by this album . which i think every person expects when listening to an artist ; to be moved , changed , or just to vibe . i am not feeling it ! but i will continue to support her a an artist and peacefully respect her right to express herself ( even though i am not feeling this album ) .
0	now there are two ( 2 ) album unworthy in the van halen catalog , i only own this one . it wasnt worth the wait . l love you people , you pay my bill . enough said .
0	i did not care for it , sorry differeance stroke for difference folk . my like someone else dislike . sorry
0	such a poor song with bad vocal and bad lyric . sound the same a anything else nothing new here . wish there wa something good but here there is not .
0	barbara mason is an outstanding singer . you do not have to sugar coat her music with expensive background up grade . in this case , such treatment ha diminished her raw talent . just present the original recording and let her shine .
0	i ordered it a few year ago and it never arrived . i do not even like these guy anymore . very displeased and annoyed .
0	the first album rocked . not sure what happened with this one , it like some weird mixture of the beatles mixed with mowtown , mixed with ... i just do not know . i can see stretching your boundries , but yoga ha nothing on this , it is a hell of a stretch .
0	sound like i need to do drug to listen to this electronically manipulated song ... i do not do drug . sorry .
0	the packaging made the cd looked used , everything look bad quality and it doe not not include all the song that say in the back cover not the deluxe cd
0	cut off abruptly at the end .
0	thank god the power ha fallen ! ! ! ! !
0	this cd is so bland and boring . what happened to the rob zombie who use to write song like thunderkiss65 godslayer and every song on astrocreep 2000. i do not know who sold out worst metallica or rob zombie . plus what is with all the filler he been putting on his album . i gave him a bit of mercy when sinister urge came out because that wa a very rushed album . but there no excuse for the poor music he writing on this . what make me angrier is that the album started off pretty good and heavy then foxy foxy came up and that song is ridiculously bad . then the album just seems to go on and on . if you want a really good album i suggest every go out and buy the new sepultura album it doesnt dissapoint .
0	i am a huge fan of gvb but i must say how disappointed i am with this cd . a big letdown for me .
0	i ordered it and it arrived fine . however when i opened it the inner sleeve wa all crumpled up and then the first song ( radioactive ) wa horribly scratched up and skipped . so i wa ok , i ordered a replacement ... but this one wa the exact same ! all the other song were fine so the problem wasnt with the turntable . but the first song skipped horribly .
0	you have to be a moron to like this
0	this ha to be the funniest set of review . that i have ever seen for a cd . there is no way you can call this punk . i am sure half of the little kid out there will though . this is mainstreme radio answer to giving all the trl viewer another blink 182. well , guess what , they do not have the talent and they do not have the punk credibilty . this is manufactured for the mass . i hope you kid relize that punk go much deeper tha trl . if you want some good suggestion try the alkaline trio , face to face , pennywise , or the smoking pope . i have plenty of review of punk music for you to look at . if you really want to hear real punk music .
0	i like many others have been a big fan of m & s , their sound and the earthy feel of the music keep me interested in every song . however , i cant even pay attention listening to the sample ... i keep listening but unlike the other 2 album i forget that i am actually listening to music . this style will appeal to a large audience and is safe music . rather than feeling like the engaging band we all love , this feel like any of a hundred album i can pick up from major studio trying to placate the current audience with their music formula . come on , you are better artist than this . the lyric are good but your instrument and beat do not work unless you are going for elevator music .
0	i have been a fan since the beginning , back when i wa listening to the first vinyl ep . i wa in the audience for both night of the live evolution dvd being filmed at thre moore theater in seattle ( i can be seen in the audience and in line outside the theater ) . the triumphant comeback of this magnificent hometown band in 2013 with todd on vocal wa an absolute dream come true . i listened to that cd for practically two whole year until condition human came out . and then condition human came out . i have to admit , i am disappointed . all the skill and talent is there , but the arrangement just seem boring compared to that last album . it ha a few good moment , but very few . the rest of this album is just a sleeping pill . the pure terrifying/satisfying punch , raw power , and melody of the last album just is not found here . the band is tight a ever , but todd vocal are all over the place , a though he is trying to hunt for the right melody to sing and failing to connect . please do not tell me that he is suffering the same thing that other singer do when they start getting older ( the last 10-15 year of dios singing career wa abysmal on stage , same with geddy lee ) . the musicianship is pure perfection , of course . but the vocal and arrangement just fall flat on this one compared to the last album . sorry , but i listened to this one a few time , offered up a huge huh ? , and went right back to the 2013 album .
0	not speaking for the rest of the album but the hit song guesthouse show an extraordinary amount of research into , , , ripping off paul siimon . people like this song because it recall paul simon . hopefully some of the other number feature some originality .
0	so irritating to hear these guy paint radio rock with a thin layer of metal , using the deteriorating skeleton of the soilwork sound a a brush . so pitiable to hear bjorn awkwardly [ attempt to ] hit note outside his vocal range . so ironic the album cover is proportional to the music in term of boringness . oh , but then there is blind eye halo , the obligatory pseudo-thrash snoozer . the inclusion of this song mean soilwork are a great a ever , evidently . too bad the drug industry could sell bit of this song to cure insomnia . basically , this album is fail . try chainheart machine and a predator portrait , those album were soilworks peak .
0	this wa a listing for a band called smithereens and the album 1234. this is not the new jersey based band the smithereens whose first full album wa especially for you . smithereens is a british 80 pop synth group , and a low average one at that . nothing memorable on it . here is the tracklisting for this album track : 1 . ) you is a guarantee 2 . ) for love 3 . ) promiscious 4 . ) speed of life 5 . ) time tick tragedy 6 . ) just enuf 7 . ) he is a sucker hope you find this helpful
0	the song itself is great and get 5 star ! ! the recording really suck and sound like it wa done by a bunch of high-school kid for a class project . they had fun cutting and pasting the track in all the right place , but the sound is absolutely hideous ! ! in my opinion , anybody who deal professionally with music would not have allowed such bad sound to hit the shelf . i have read another review of someone who purchased vinyl and wa complaining about the noise due to cheap polymer ... the vinyl itself i am sure is just fine . it happened in the recording studio . pharrell should re-record and re-release this , but make sure he is got his ear in the editing process .
0	came with a broken case
0	the music is pleasant - hals voice is easy to listen to . i would like it better if he would leave music road record which is owned by kelcy warren , the man that is building the trans-pecos pipeline , the dakota access pipeline , and the comanche pipeline . hal should join jackson brown and defy mr. warren . fight the good fight for the earth .
0	obscure psychedelia which is so inept and amateurish that it flaw are somewhat endearing . at it best , the group ha a fractured , syd barrett-type appeal ( particularly in to be free ) , but the slower song are a shaggy mess . the song barely hold together either structurally * or * technically , and the musicianship ( especially the singing ) is awfully erratic . beware of druggy bongo ! on the other hand , my clown ( which would have been a good choice for rhino & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/nuggets-ii/dp/b00005jga7/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > nugget ii < /a > & nbsp ; box ) , jolly mary and to be free are nutty fun , and cry is for writer is interesting just for it unusual subject matter . the other track you can probably toss , unless you are keen to fantasize what they would sound like if recorded by a better band . dock the group an extra point for not only having an unforgivably dull name , but furthermore titling the album with the same ! note : july is also somewhat of a historical curiosity , since guitarist tony duhig moved onto jade warrior , singer tom newman became an engineer who notable worked with mike oldfield and bassist alan james later played with name such a cat stevens , kevin coyne , showaddywaddy and neil innes .
0	we never recieved this c.d . would love to know why ..
0	pretty much aimed toward the die-hard petard fan and completists . it is a three track cd single , which look to have one original member - bassist roger waldmann . kid ( are the world ) is so-so , golden glass did not do much for me at all and then there is a karaoke cut for kid ( are the world ) . i , personally could not picture anyone who would want to karaoke to that song .
0	this is listed on amazon a david bowie and pat metheny , both a artist , composer , so i assumed that they would , indeed , be the artist of these mix . they are not . these cover are rap music . i have the song on bowie nothing ha changed box set , and i assumed these were different mix . of course , this is partly my fault because the cover doe say souldiers , but i have no idea who or what that is . i based my purchase on the fact that it said bowie and metheny were the artist . bottomline : if you like both bowie and rap , you may like this . if you do not like rap , you do not want this .
0	terrible sound ..
0	to put it simply , it is repetitive and boring . we know you have money and you like weed wiz . how about something different ?
0	this is not live music from ozzfest , it is just a bunch of single thrown together ! !
0	i really wanted to download this song but the mp3 downloader apparently no longer work with my mac desktop . this stink . i do not want itunes downloads dang it !
0	ok , fut just seems like a repetitive sound over and over which i find somewhat frustrating instead of soothing . word .
0	while a 2 star review sound harsh a lot of that is due to my personal taste . i bought this cd based on my experience with rock and roll jesus which i think is fantastic . kid rock started out a a rapper with a rock groove and matured into a bona fide classic rock artist with a bob seger motown rock feel . when i heard the first single first kiss i expected more of the same but the rest of the album is decidedly more country than anything else . kid sound great and the band is solid so my review is strictly based on personal preference which is why i rated this a 2 star . if you are a fan of country i think you would be very pleased with this effort . if you are looking for a more rocking kid rock sound similar to his recent effort i would steer clear .
0	the rudder ha shifted and a new course is being charted . i do not like the course and may abbandon ship . it is a if point of grace ha sold out to the pop- country music world . to me , the excessive country twang is nauseating . what is the deal with the song love and laundry ? put on my mascara while i drive on down the road . come on now ...... the word pray is in that song so i guess that count a a religious song right ? ? here are the song i feel are worth while : he hold everything , there is nothing greater than grace , what about jesus , and come to jesus . that is it for me . four song out of eleven . i miss song like : i choose you , the entire steady on cd , keep the candle burning , and all the world . the new country sound is not for me . the group genesis continued successfully a a trio for a while but maybe for point of grace , it is time to fade into the sunset .
0	holosync is 1 ) outdated 2 ) overpriced 3 ) can not live up to it claim ( no one could ) holosync us binaural beat , which is fine , but rather old school at this point . isochronic tone are widely considered to be more effective , but binaural beat are quieter and can therefore be more hypnotic , so there is room for argument . holosync want to stress your brain until it break down and can take more stress a a result . huh ? there is no other product on the market that state that you may experience upheaval on a regular basis a part of a process . that is ridiculous . you should enjoy your meditation session . one size doe not fit all ! ! ! look around . if holosync is right for you , great . but it may not be ... do not buy the hype , check it out for yourself .
0	i think she is one of the best singer around , but this cd , what is she trying to do ? is boring and she sing without any feeling what a disapoinment , i hope she will return everybody their $ , is this a new style spare u please
0	received one disc with scratch on it .
0	this wa not the version that they are famous for . this version had le synth , a more quiet volume of the singing and wa just boring . it wa like a coffee house version of the song .
0	the last several second of the song is abruptly cut off . irritating to say the least . it is a great song , however , i would like to have the entire track .
0	kw should respect true artistry and never sing again . all he is good for is playin the jackass at grammys .
0	not for me but my aunt love it !
0	this is a completely awful song that is only good a a joke , for a laugh , and a parody fashion show .
0	love the cd but no booklet ...
0	every song i buy here on amazon stop abruptly . there is no end . it just stop . i buy my music here for my dj business and i have to over lap every song i buy here without letting it end because it just cut off . most time it doe not even play the last two or three word of the song . i am looking into buying music somewhere else ,
0	loved his songwriting his voice real strong excellent country music highly recommend this alum have recently bought two more album of his from amz
0	gross ... glad i did not actually pay for this song .
0	bought song . downloaded cloud . could never find song on my computer . i have a credit for mp3 but will not bother to purchase . do not need aggavation .
0	i did not enjoy listening to this music during meditation , which is what i had hoped to use it for .
0	wa okay .
0	this is a song that need some soul behind it ... not a trait of cyndis . i wish i had listened to it s sample .
0	i have the first part this however is the second part to the hit i guess but this cd ha maybe 3-5 song that are catchy but overall the collection is very unlistenable and forgettable
0	i already have the cd with this song on it .. this is only one song played 4 different way .. it came fast in the mail and ha no problem . but i do not need it .
0	it would be nice if i could put this song on my player , but it is locked in the stupid cloud and i can not get to it . i am buying future song from itunes .
0	i bought this album hoping some of the rave review were justified . i have wide taste and listen to a range of music from world to ragtime to rock to classical but i just could not get the hang of this one . after my first play , i re-read some of the rave review and listened to it again but still could not find anything and had trouble even continuing to listen to it . the singing seems out of tune half the time plus being rather banal and sometimes just rather irritating . in some way it reminded me of the laid back emptiness of music on soul train . i wish i had liked it more , just not to my taste .
0	it is a good song but would seriously appreciate if it would play everything ha been updated and still will not play
0	i love her but this is not her finest work . try her cd w chet atkins -- simpatico better song
0	the version i downloaded wa not the original vinyl version , which is what i thought i wa getting , so that is my comment .
0	the first reviewer to note that this song is very much similar to , if not the same a , track 13 titled , far away ( alejandras phone call ) on the soundtrack from all the pretty horse is correct . however , a to another reviewer claim , there is no relationship to the track from mobys play release . aside from both song having been recorded with nylon-string guitar , i am not sure how the two could be confused . the asin number for the all the pretty horse cd is b000056kyj . enjoy .
0	this song is not the one that played over the radio year ago , , , quite frankly it suck and i am out of a $ 1.29 , , , thanks amazon for not warning mp3 listener a well , a double thumb down for you a well : (
0	i have a feeling these live show are a lot more fun live than this recording would suggest . here , the 1993 big band sound a little like overkill and james kind of overdoes many of his best song , adding all kind of new note and swoop and holler that are fine a part of a live show , but which you do not want to hear again and again , a here . the essence of jt is simplicity , but his treatment of his catalogue here is a little too ornate . i would stick with original album or greatest hit if you only need a jt sampler . this souvenir is for rabid fan who already have those and who want a live recording sample .
0	not impressed
0	i met joe after a show last week and asked him what his inspiration behind this special wa and he said , think of a meat grinder and put in every happy memory you have ever had or ever will have . with that in mind , this special wa just so .
0	i saw the scissor sister on bbc america and enjoyed them very much . i ordered a couple of cd thinking i would get the same high energy music . many of their other song have obscene lyric i do not appreciate . i am no prude but i think scissor sister are relying on shock value to sell album . i am sorry i bought the one i did and i will not be purchasing others . deborah in tampa
0	i do not know who this is maybe a russian singer ? but i do know that this is not massimo ranieri it need to be listed under another heading also it is really odd stuff ...
0	it wa ordered for son , personally , i do not consider it music , and find it hard to rate it a such .
0	the cd took it time in coming and when it did i found that the cover wa broken .
0	if you are a tango dancer or d.j. , looking for a collection of the most danced-to tango in either the u.s. or argentina , you will be sorely disappointed with this collection . it contains few , if any , of the the essential golden era hit . instead it is comprised of mostly relatively obscure , non-danced-to , listening-only tango : early gardel , piazzola , etc . that you would almost never want to play at a milonga . calling the collection 50 essential tango is misleading at best . avoid it .
0	i am very upset . again i did not receive this item . i do not even what it is about . would you please clear up this problem ?
0	this song exists in it is original form a created by michael jackson . it is been around a long time . michael jackson is named the king of pop because he is the master of 20th century popular music . the track will not ever be better than the way he left it . how any producer or singer think they can make it better is laughable ... the song are what they are . you would not buy a painting that someone else had drawn over and this is no different . sony continues to rape the music this genius left u and affix crap to his legacy . ... we miss you michael .
0	absolutely boring enough to make you fall asleep but too jumpy and the loop cut are very obvious and annoying .
0	not for me
0	i do not understand , how serious yes fan can consider this fly from here to be a real yes album . step back to the real world , dude : this is nothing else than an album that could be better titled a drama , vol 2 ... ... but this time , the performing band name is maybe . ... hey , but ... what can you really expect when there is no more jon anderson and rick ( or even his so-talented son adam ) wakeman , back in the full gang ? ? ? in addition , trevor horn ha buggles-ed the music once again ... this fly from here , definitely , only ha the cover art ( another excellent work of the maestro roger dean ) of a yes album ... the music , really performed by the band maybe ... and zero star .
0	make sure that you search for all version of this song before downloading . this is a lot different than their original cover .
0	i would gibe it a better rating if i could have heard or have found the song on my phone
0	racist
0	the quality of the music is fine but the armed force medley is in the wrong order ! when the song are arranged in a medley format , it is protocol to present them in order of junior to senior service , a follows : coast guard , air force , navy , marine corp , army . it should end with the army and i needed it to end with the army for a veteran day event . it end with the marine corp hymn . i wasted my money and had to find another .
0	horrible . totally ruint a good band music
0	except for a few cut , this wasnt up to automators level ......
0	google theme from brooklyn bridge and it will bring you to televisiontunes.com - this is the original song that you know and love . i too wasted 99 cent on this muzak version . too bad cbs and goldberg could not work out their problem and release the wonderful show that wa brooklyn bridge .
0	a classic song given the death metal touch . not my cup a tea , i would like to hear their version of lonely goat-herder from sound of music . given a second chance , i would not buy it again . but i do not think i am their target audience . just my opinion .
0	whenever buying oldie always be sure of two thing : ( 1 ) original artist , and ( 2 ) original recording . for the most part this piece of crap is neither . and worse , they try to play mind game by making the artist name close to the correct one , e.g. , should be andy williams , but they have instead a similar name . please stick with rhino or ace or other reputable label to refresh your memory . this should be a crime .
0	i did not purchase this someone else must of under my account
0	this probably is not the version of this song you want . you want the one with the wierd picture of george with the funky mustache/soul patch thing .
0	pas on this version , folk . there are enough other one out there ( one of which i am going to buy right now ) .
0	i have started to realize while listening to amazon playlist and station that amazon must not have license for a lot of original version of song ( seems to be quite a bit of re-recorded version of song ) . this may be out of amazon control , but it doe not mean we should suffer at the hand of bad remake or rip-off . the horrific rendition of summer breeze , rather than chilling me out , stress me out ! if you are not going to use seal & croft , can we at least compromise with jason mrazs take ? bad call , amazon . for the whole list . bad call .
0	this guy is a tool and his music suck . he ha no place in country music .
0	you really have to be very young or love hard metal and i am neither . not recommended for traditionalist . highly recommended for hard medal lover .
0	meh ... heard it all before .
0	if this cd of donna summer is so good why not let u know the song on it
0	i do not believe this is the temptation , sound like a cover band . great tune , but not the temptation in my book
0	did the mp3 download to my computer but it never downloaded even though it wa charged to my credit card . and , it is not showing up in the cloud player or digital item . not sure what the problem is with this . did a search of my entire hard drive but there is no indication that this ever downloaded . it ha been about four day ! ! !
0	good tune . sound fuzzy when ripped to hard drive . cd only sound ok on cd player .
0	this is so bad , it is embarrassing .... this is not so much a comedy cd a it is the soundtrack to mass suicide , which is very similar to how the story of joe derosa and the life of anyone who can say they actually think he is funny , should end
0	i wa dissapointed it wa only one song , i did not realize that . but the one song is nice !
0	while at first it may be catchy and pop sounding , it becomes cheesy and repetitively monotonous . i thought this wa something that wa re-discovered by the original bay city roller , only to be dismayed that it is only a former singer of the bay city roller who is capitalizing on the past . the bay city roller starring le mckeown is not the bay city roller . do not get sucked in to the hype .
0	never recieved . got lost in the cloud . i did not understand the download between my computer and the cloud . i do not want to sign an agreement for the cloud wherein i will end up paying . so i chose download and it got lost ... maybe it is up in the cloud i do not know . hesitant to buy any others .
0	this version is nothing like the original - if you like trance , you will probably like it ; if you are looking for the 1980s ( superior ) hit , your best bet is the german version , major tom ( voellig losgeloest ) by schilling alone . a of the date of this review , the english version is not available a a download .
0	this is nothing but adolescent thrash . cant believe people like this crap . i will never buy anything like this again .
0	i never really liked hals music , it simply wasnt that good . it is like a photocopy of a photocopy of something that might have been worth listening to . it is the kind of music that you listen to on a long car trip , and wind up turning off the radio . now that he is denying climate change i just find it even more disgusting , like can the dude do anything right ? without support from etp and kelcy warren , i do not think hals work would ever have been published .
0	received this cd today and the case is cracked and broken
0	would not download i could not get it to even show up i want a refund , did not even get it to show up !
0	not a fan
0	mendelssohn is my favorite composer , but i found this to sound very un-mendelssohn-like . if this had been the first of his work i had heard i would not have sought out any more .
0	pure torture . her loud wailing is ear splitting.cant believe i gave this song a chance when it came on satellite radio . i probably missed out on hearing a good song on another station
0	you do not get 50 concerto in this album - a the marketing folk do not understand that a single concerto contains several movement ( usually ) - and you get 50 movement - not 50 concerto - still not a bad choice of music - but unreasonably deceptive in title ( and content - a you are getting a lot le )
0	a fine band whose rarity and oddity are well worth exploring . at the time , their album set very high standard for production , so this collection doe the band , their production team , and their legacy a disservice by being in lossy format only . i look forward to a lossless version .
0	while the song and video is catchy i will be definitely be deleting it from any device i own . psy spoke about killing american solder in one of his song . this is extremely disappointing considering given if it wa for american solder he would not be able to even have a career given that the north would overrun south korea .
0	this is the perfect sound to drown out background noise . for me it noisy teenager in the swimming pool at night . the big problem is the recording is not 75 minute ! ! ! but substantially shorter . find something else with white noise recorded for the entire track . too bad they took a good product and messed it up . if the reason for the dead space wa to get me to go to their site and buy a better recording , no way ! i have no patience for trickster .
0	it is not bad it is great
0	what happened guy , get your shi+ together . not what uabb fan wanted epic fail
0	i picked this up a the amazon digital deal of the day . so for $ 1.99 i can not complain too much . the sound quality is relatively good , however my biggest gripe is that the song title seem to be wrong . i am not an expert on the big band era , and maybe song were known by different name , however several of the song are easily recognizable standard , that appear to have the wrong name : track 5 is listed a see saw , but is clearly i am in the mood for love . track 6 is listed a nevertheless , but is actually sweet georgia brown . track 12 is listed a body and soul , but is embraceable you . track 13 is the most blatant : being listed a a little bird told me , but being the song ( and lyric ) blue sky . so on the whole i doubt i have the right name on any of the song . is this the correct content ?
0	i have bought music through amazon preferring them to itunes because because itunes try to control their music too much . however after the latest mp3 purchase , i find it now amazon ha made it a difficult a possible to download their music to my itunes . bye-bye amazon . i guess i am gon na have to go back to the itunes store a much a i hate to .
0	when going through item that i had not yet reviewed i came across this . i wa totally baffled at when or how i bought this because i did not recall buying it . i asked my husband if he had purchased it , but he acted a if he had no idea what i wa talking about so i assumed our toddler must have somehow did it on accident . upon listening to it , i wa assured it wa definitely not my husband that had bought it , and i had no reason to believe that our daughter randomly stumbled across it so i decided to go read up more about it . once i started reading the review , it finally all made sense to me . regardless , giving the song some credit because it is not really my preferred genre , i found the song itself to be pretty dark . too , while it is free and everyone love free , i did not really like that it wa just randomly downloaded without my permission or consent , a i would not have really wanted my toddler to listen to it , especially once she is a little older and actually understands why it mean . if you liked the genre and had just been cheated on though , maybe you would actually like the song .
0	soso
0	this is not a clean version of the song .
0	i made the huge mistake of purchasing this cd of a favorite recording from the past . without reading the fine print , i made the incorrect assumption that if the cd were available from amazon , it would be a legitimate issue . at this price point , i have purchased other old recording that have been beautifully remastered . i am willing to pay the price for good sound . well , wa i ever wrong . this sound like a file made on a $ 100 machine from an original old lp copy . it is full of hiss and warble and worse . the chorale , one of the all-time great vocal ensemble , sound a though it is singing in a vat of molasses . even the mp3 sample sound better than this cd . it is a travesty that amazon is distributing this inferior product .
0	5 star to amazon , i have no issue with the purchase or shipment . 2 star for the content of the music on this cd . do not get me wrong , i am a huge kid rock fan , have all his album , but this one suck . the first two track are good , the rest is trash . when you listen to it , you get the distinct impression he is trying to hard to fill an obligation . my advice , skip this one , just a waste of your money .
0	i just purchased the song for worship - tranquility and none of the song on the 2 cd are anywhere near what they say they are . the song are nice but not what you would expect . in fact , the first cd show it is all creation worship disc 1 and the second cd show holy ground disc 1. for a $ 6.99 cd it is not worth the time or money to return the cd , but i am disappointed not to have received what i paid for .
0	no review
0	i thought ( and hoped for ) the vocal version - this is only instrumental , unfortunately . still looking for the one i want .
0	25 or 6 to 4 , one of the greatest song ever - right ? this is not 25 or 6 to 4 ; it is more like love me tomorrow or your the inspiration . this is the chicago that at one point said you know how our band ha an incredible brass section ? what if we just used synthesizer instead ? it is that chicago that made this album ; and it is the epitome of adult contemporary garbage . i own thousand of christmas song ; i make a habit of collecting all sort because i love listening to christmas music . i can not make it through this album to no matter how many time i have tried . i have actually deleted it off of every playlist i have and have even deleted the album entirely from my hard drive and cloud storage . yes . it is that bad . now if you like adult contemporary music ; and if you could care le about classic-sounding christmas standard ; and if you think that 80 chicago is better than 70 chicago , you may love this album . though it is brass-heavy ( a good thing ) , it is also cheese-heavy ; and i am saddened and a little offended that i came to own this album .
0	hmm ... only two review here . i guess i will say what everyone if afraid to . this cd is horrible . sorry fan , sorry serj . his voice is jarring over the softness of the symphony . it is far better suited to his band and soad . although his voice hovered between metal and opera ? this output clearly say leave the cello and flute to others . in fact , leave it to within temptation who doe it justice .
0	there is nothing special about his album at all . it just sound like every other pop-punk band out there . the guitar , bass , drum , and singing are all quite simple . sure , some of the song are catchy but it doe not take long to get sick of them . however , i will rate the song . intro - i am pretty sure this is supposed to be copying the intro from iron maiden number of the beast . i am not 100 % sure on that , though . nothing on my back - catchy tune , but loses my interest after a while . 6/10 never wake up - way too short . nothing specail about this song at all . 3/10 fat lip - this is the hit song from the album . it is actually not that bad . i do not understand the statement maiden and priest were the god that we praised . if they were so big into iron maiden and juda priest , then why doe their music suck so much more ? 8/10 rythms - kind of boring . 5/10 motivation - catchy , but get old really fast . 6/10 in too deep - worst song on the cd . way too poppy and annoying . 2/10 summer - decent song . they seemed to do a better job with their instrument and vocal on this song . 7/10 handle this - alright , but get on my nerve . sound too emotional . 5/10 crazy amanda bunkface - faster than some of the previous song , but not that much better . 6/10 all she is got - this song is fast like the previous track , but not a good . 4/10 heart attack - alright song writing , just not my style of music at all . 6/10 pain for pleasure - the music sound a lot like iron maiden , with the dueling lead guitar and the galloping beat , but the singing doe not sound like maiden at all . obviously the music is not near a complex a maiden . i would recommend that you save your money and buy some real music , like dio , megadeth , iron maiden , or juda priest
0	it is okay .
0	when i first bought this tune it played in the amazon cloud . now it will neither play nor can i download it . i would like a refund .
0	horrible and i wa expecting a completely other song ... this wa clearly misleading advertising !
0	i thought that pete seeger would be performing the garden song , but it wa arlo guthrie . i am so disappointed !
0	i have been a black key fan since their day in akron . i expect an artist music to evolve over the year and i have enjoyed the black key progression . until now . i do not know what they are thinking with this track . i hope this is an anomaly on the album .
0	not nice to listen to and just plain weird
0	this is crap . i downloaded this and it is only 30 minute long . do not waste your money on false advertisement . sound quality is very bad . i had to turn it waaaaaay up to even hear it .
0	if you like typical rap glorifying sex , drug , money and generally bad behavior combined with constant profanity , degradation of woman and no substance whatsoever while furthering the black , thug-life stereotype , this is the cd for you !
0	the quality of the recording is poor
0	the music get 5 star . the one star is for the packaging . when i opened it , the cd case wa smashed . luckily the disc somehow remained intact .
0	do not waste your time and money on this book . i found nothing in it that a little common sense could not give me .
0	sound more like a david gilmour album than a pink floyd album to me .... and it feel rather like a money grab . pink floyd is my favorite band . i have every floyd album after syd barrett left , and i liked / loved the all , with maybe the division bell not quite making it to the level of the other album . i would like to give this 1.5 star .
0	file appears to have downloaded , but will not open or play . will try to get refund . will not download anything else from playlist .
0	blown apart wa so great . this is not
0	i am sad to disagree with most of the reviewer here , but i hated it . i did not even finish listening to it .
0	the music is stupid and thier is not any word and i do not know them and i like the music but it is stupid
0	i would have loved this but singer lost it for me . he did not seem to fit . i am not sure what he wa trying to do , a david sylvian impression ? he is probably a real nice guy but his voice made me turn it off after several attempt to get through the cd . needle to say the music and the drumming is great . did i mention i did not care for the singer ?
0	horrible song then and worse now . geldof ha been ignorant and condescending for 30 year . ( fyi , in ethiopia it snow and it is the 10th largest population of christian on the planet . band aid money supported a brutal regime that created the famine in the first place . ) now geldof , who ha no medical training or even academic degree , want people to again give money to his personal charity so that he , not expert or even non-expert west african , can decide how to fight ebola . he is got net worth of more than 32 million gbp . why doe not he use his own money for his pet project ? because there are enough well-intentioned but uninformed people out there who could not find guinea on a map without google . there is a much better , musically and talent-wise , song called africa stop ebola done by west african in a public service announcement format . download on amazon uk and elsewhere psa are proven to help spread information and save life . unlike bland aid which seems to primarily be a vehicle for reviving geldofs ego letting him curse on tv every few year when suffering grip someplace with little brown child . if you really want to help , donate directely to reputable organization that work in ebola-affected area like oxfam and doctor without border .
0	( 2.5stars ) with the virtual logjam of solid ( but largely unspectacular ) root artist fighting to distinguish themselves from the rest , it quite easy for some artist to get completely lost in the shuffle . at the top of the genre , artist who are actually reigning in the game get free space to pretty much do ( or attempt to do ) whatever they wish , voicing with the finest in production talent and performing at the biggest stage show and festival in jamaica and all over the world and releasing album very frequently . even the artist who are one level just below the ruling artist are afforded the same prospect , which is why root reggae artist are amongst the most active in the entire musical world . at the top , we have artist such a the buju bantons , sizzlas , capletons , lucianos richie spice and anthony b of the world ( speaking strictly modern artist of course ) who more or le have the lay of the land virtually having the key to reggae city . the next group of artist , the i-waynes , turbulence ( although in pure popularity , he probably actually belongs on the first list ) , jah cure ( him too ) , junior kelly , jah mason . bushman , lutan fyahs , warrior king , chuck fendas , fantan mojahs and others of the world also hold similar such role in the game with slightly le international popularity . all of those artist , through some way or another have found way to distinguish themselves from the pack and have scored hit , and subsequent hit which have allowed them a greater bit of exposure , in and out of jamaica , pushing their career and message to the next level . it is that next ( overpopulated ) group of artist who are in question in here directly . this group includes a virtual revolving door of artist who are either coming up or have seemingly reached a plateau and leveled off for one reason or another . these artist can , at time , also be a source of frustration for some fan ( especially yours truly ) because this group includes and ha included , over the year , some seriously talented artist who do not seem to have the drive to push themselves to the next step . think of artist such a determine , norris man ( who had seemingly took the next step with his big hit home and away , only to step back down over the past two year ) , jah mali , mark wonder and abijah . you have so many name , who by virtue of having one solid hit or an album , jump into this category , making it even more crowded and more difficult for these artist to take the next step and maintain the level of quality music and popularity a well . one such artist who seems mired and stuck on that specific level is kingston native , root chanter spectacular . spectacular fall into a category with jah mali , steve machete and long gone xterminator chanter ( roaring ) lion a artist who are genuinely supremely talented but for some reason can not seem to catch on and stay on to a track leading to the big big song of which they are clearly capable ( although i must confess that steve machete , ever so quietly , is one of my absolute favourite artist ) . while in the case of the others , it may simply come down to a case of not recording enough or not having the proper promotion , i have no idea why spectacular ha failed to catch on and stay there . his talent is one , which is so subtle and so . . . spectacular , that it really take awhile to discover , but without a doubt , he maybe currently the only one with such a skill currently recording reggae music . traditionally , artist with big , heavy and coarse voice have to almost forego having good melody in their music in reggae . for example , the best case would definitely be capleton and buju , both of whom are able to make melodic music , but in order to do so literally have to change their voice . another example would be the free-flowing jah mason whose style tend to go from night to day and back in the course of one four and half minute song . spectacular ? nope . spectacular is an artist who can actually make a full melodic record despite having abig bellowing voice . if you have never heard spectacular ( more on that in a minute ) , think of a lower pitched version of agitated st. anns ( biggup st . annz ! ) chanter perfect ( himself , also falling into the case of having the big , melodically challenged voice , although he is one that hardly ever attempt to change it ) . i first became aware of spectacular around the same time i first became aware of martian voiced mobay singer , jah cure , a the two collaborated in the mammoth combination tune chant . having initially heard that song on jah cure free jahs cure album , i wa actually quite curious for a release for spectacular , who promptly took a long leave of absence from reggae , only to return and , like many of his peer , almost immediately head for europe . it would be in europe that he would strike on with audience and more pressingly , with producer and label a well , which would go on to afford him his debut album in 2005 ( curiously enough , for the same label , dhf in germany , which would almost a year to the day later , release perfect debut , giddimani , a well ) find yourself . while perfect much anticipated debut definitely did what it wa supposed to and lived up to expectation , the same can not be said for find yourself , which is actually may be one of the album which i had been most looking forward to in the last decade or so . find yourself introduces the international world ( and reintroduces him to jamaica ) , but doe not come close at all to showing the chanter in his best light . ultimately , one is left with the feeling that something wa just missing here . unlike giddimani , which wa built largely on previous single voiced for a variety of top reggae production talent internationally , find yourself is a largely german based reggae album , done by german based producer , yet it sound quite familiar a many of the riddims are reworks and borrowing of more familiar piece . of the very few highlight on find yourself for the young veteran spectacular ( who just recently celebrated his 32nd earth day , happy belated to him ) , no light shine brighter than that of the opener , the ultra unique 50 push ups . if you are at all a fan of reggae music undoubtedly you have heard song speaking of the physically strong nature of an artist and almost always such a song will turn inevitably to a sexual vibe . 50 push ups is a tune which doe not go that way at all , instead , it speaks only from a physically healthy point . it very interestingly and quite possibly the first root tune i have ever heard that not only speaks about being healthy , but explicitly go the extra distance in saying that one must be physically strong in standing up against oppression and those who fight against righteousness . built over a fairly uneventful one drop ( which ha a heavy string backing at time ) , it still ha a pretty melodically high vibe , showing exactly what i meant when i said that spectacular essentially foregoes changing his vibe in anyway and still creates melody despite his heavy voice and 50 push ups , a the album best tune , is a strong example of this . if only the entire album could stay along the same level . following the opener is the very familiar sounding decent voice of the people , which flow over germaican remake of sly and robbies legendary night nurse riddim ( which in it redone form wa known a the doctor darling riddim , and most notably featured tanya stephen ` big hit it ` s a pity ) .voice of the people is a strong enough effort and a very unsurprising include on find yourself and on although it ha a very low vibe to it ( due largely to the fact that spectacular voice is just too big for the very laid back riddim , it almost sound like he is holding back at time , and completely free-styling at others ) lyrically is quite an impressive piece . the song ha a message of people and particularly those who are oppressed standing up in defiance of their oppressor , to the utter dismay and ultimate destruction of the oppressor . then thing head downhill and only really make one turn back towards the good for the balance of the thirteen remaining track . completing the opener is the downright odd tune loud which feature german dancehall singer ( mighty ) tolga . while i definitely have a healthy appreciation for both spectacular and tolga a solo artist ( tolga is a big singer , several nice it behind with a nice album a well ) , the combination just doe not work . for his part , tolga give what he usually doe , a higher pitched free-flowing style ; but spectacular , instead of his usual loudness go quite all of a sudden ( is not that a coincidence , on the song named loud he us his quietest voice on the album ) , with this just annoying growling style ! and it all happens on an odd uk dancehall/garage hurried sounding riddim . the one real other time you get a big vibe from find yourself which is better than just average or even good is another combination on the album , the very nice blind to see . the song feature the unusual natural voiced gambian reggae singer rebellion the recaller . the vibe here is a much more natural one which work for both artist and while spectacular doe not run his voice to it height , he doe not change it much either ( it basically a more singing version of his usual chanting sound ) and of course , in the process creates a lovely melody throughout . rebellion add a very unique dimension to the song a well . the title track is another nice addition here which feature full blown spectacular in his usual fashion , but doe so on one of the most simple one drop on the entire album ( the bonx it riddim ) . it also ha a very nice message in that it suggests that the only real way to find yourself is to find his imperial majesty ( definitely ) and should you fail to do so , you may find yourself in situation with which you are not exactly prepared to deal . stormy weather is a similarly vibed track but it is almost completely average and greatly un-spectacular over the weird one-drop black survivor riddim ( which sound like the reggae version of a theme music from some spy television show from the 1970s or something of the sort ) . and then there is evil retire , another very slightly above average tune which almost ha a freestyle vibe to it in my opinion and really doe not give too much outside of the norm ( i do like the riddim which ha just about a subtle horn usage a i have ever heard ) . i do want to point out that , of course , lyrically spectacular doe his job . he never step too far outside of the realm of root reggae music and he push the ideology and concern that we have come to expect from the genre and lifestyle . it combining and translating those thought to music which is seemingly lost on the remaining track of find yourself . for prime example , check the unfortunately overly familiar for so long , which ha the miserable ` luck of being voiced over the campo riddim from minor 7 flat 5 record which i have loooooooong tired of hearing completely . and the tune message is very strong of maintaining oneself and one mental strength in the face of those who fight against righteousness and even in keeping the knowledge that the song is over three year old ( yet not part of the initial batch of campo riddim recording ) , i am still unable to make it sound good in my ear , just average . speaking of average , check the closer , gangsta with german hip hop group , the specializtz . the song actually came a a welcome addition after going down the harsh mediocrity which immediately proceeds it ( including two very similar sounding dancehall track , family and move ) , but doe not exactly stand too wel on it own merit . overall , just a i mentioned , i wa quite looking forward to hearing this album for awhile and it certainly doe not come anywhere near living up to what i had hoped . since this album wa released and on more current term , spectacular ha seemingly returned to the form he once exhibited prior to find yourself . in 2007 he ( coincidentally ) recorded the very solid wrong uniform combination with steve machete over the heavy duty riddim , also high grade , an even stronger combination with lutan fyah for irie ites stop dat trrain riddim and enjoyed a generally very fine form throughout the year ( also check the very nice good in myself over the ghana riddim a well ) all of which top 90 % of the find yourself album . his 2007 wa following another strong year in 2006 which saw him doing very nice combination , highlighted by his combination with turbulence , high grade ( again ) for mafia & fluxys rocking time riddim ; showing himself to be well above what he pushed on his debut album . i hesitate actually recommending the album for anyone in particular , but maybe just very new fan to root reggae , particularly those coming from a background in hip hop , might be able to enjoy this one . otherwise , join me in waiting for the next piece coming from spectacular which certainly ( even if it just a collection of former single ) be better and much more spectacular than find yourself .
0	this album is terrible . where are the lyric ? the song sound so plain without the emotion that lyric would provide . i wish i could have my $ 5 back to get a quarter pounder meal .
0	full disclosure , i have not listened to this entire album . it wa just too awful . look , the bottom line , this album is 40 year too late . if this ha been released in the 1970s when everyone wa on psyc drug , then i am sure it wouldve been a huge hit . but this is 2014. it just doe not work .
0	heard so many time lovato ha a powerful voice . so i have been trying to find it in every cd she released . have to say , after listening to confident i finally give up . because this girl is simply not gifted with such thing . pretty sure that screaming loud , almost on the verge of voice capability , doe not count so . on this record demi sound somewhere in between katy perry , sia and ellie goulding . moslty like katy perry , which is not good at all . maybe lovato vocal ability are not that impressive like her fan say , but comparing to awful perry attempt demi can stay in tune at least . guess , that perry sound is the fault of her music producer who reworked the singer voice too much , cause i have never heard lovato sounding like this before . the whole production on confident is pretty much outdated . all that arrangement and music trick have been used a million time and in better interpretation . confident . womanizer by britney ? is that you ? overall , except for two song ( cool for the summer and mr hughes ) there are absolutely no catchy track . confident is a passage album , missing any sign of originality . p.s . : in case of demi lovato , singing song like confident ( by the way the lyric for that track are one big cliche ) and especially calling the whole album like this , show even more how insecure she really is . 2 good song = 2 star .
0	a a shopper of the new met fresh super center , i actually hear this song played a lot . for newcomer , katy perry , she really doe not seem to actuall have the appeal to really rock out loud . her debut single , i kissed a girl from her debut album one of the boy , is one of the most displeasing song i have ever heard this past year . she really feel like she is trying to be more like flavor of the moment , and sadly she wreck her chance at the beginning . i really think she need to really reinvent herself , if she want to a good a act like k.t . tunstall , or even the tabloid drama queen , amy winehouse . if she really want to win people over , she would better stop kissing all the wrong girl . song : f
0	cheapest production ever ...
0	when it ha came down to robin thicke , musically he seems to have it all , a a singer and a father . but surprisingly , he had a song that really did not appeal in the he couldve brought out from his past song . he ha done very well a a soft blue-eyed soul crooner with song like magic and lost without u. blurred line , robin latest song actually is not very good . it really seemed more like a attempt for him to get into the youtube crowd of music lover , but instead it felt more like a joke . i actually wa not very impressed with the song , and it honestly wa just a bad a the overexposure we have heard from people more interested in the call me maybe and psy music crowd . for robin thickes next album , he ha to have beter song than this one wa . song : d+
0	forget it .
0	what a sorry , ill-produced excuse for a compilation . it look eclectic but is just a mess . it start with a bunch of noise and proceeds to never find a flow . song jarr from one to the next with poor volume regulation , making for terrible background music - ironic a having it on during gathering is generally the idea behind a christmas compilation . many tune seem like cheap b-sides that emi probaby used at no cost . even some of the song with famous singer are lame , including the cheesiest rendition ever of baby it is cold outside featuring dean martin which is not a patch on the johnny mercer/margaret whiting version . then there is the ill-chosen leonard cohen hallelujah ( a song i admire but not in this context ) ; music producer seem to think people will be tricked into believing is a christmas song because it ha the world hallelujah in it !
0	not sure if this is amazon fault or import cd . after doing a search on amazon for alana grace this cd came up . i ordered it thinking i would receive the alana grace cd , but instead received this cd which is by another group named nfd who , unknown to me , ha a cd with the same title a the alana grace cd . the nfd cd is only three song and other than the title ha nothing in common with the cd i wa expecting . import cd did do a good job of shipping this very promptly . hopefully amazon will improve it search and not let this kind of thing happen again . definitely disappointed .
0	i loved nick last album and i loved his nick & knight album , sadly this album just doe not do it for me . i wa really excited for this but there is so much trashy lyric and talking about getting drunk . not at all what i wa expecting from nick , especially after reading his book and knowing the struggle he ha had in the past . i wa really hoping for something i could listen to for year like his i am taking off album , but unfortunately this is not it .
0	horrible
0	the original of a song is usually better than any subsequent attempt by others to do the same track -- and that is definitely true for this song . to each their own opinion , but thomas rhett did this song perfectly . nelly ha some song of his own that are ok , but he need to stay out of country and do an original song of his own .
0	i am huge fan of hers loved the last cd and many others but can not get into this one at all .. she mumble and whisper thru this really uninteresting album throughout .. with the exception of 3 song sound like one long mumble
0	he is playing to his audience of people who hunt and fish . like hey , he is talkin bout huntin and fishin ... i am gon na git this one . not that special .
0	i used to wonder why this album wasnt released on cd like the rest of bill work , but now that i have heard it , it is pretty clear that cosbys producer did not want to risk this recording contradicting the polished , strictly wholesome image that bill had been cultivating since the early 70 . no , you are not going to hear him cussing at length or talking explicitly about sex or anything , but nevertheless , the tone of this 1968 album alone is out of touch with the warm , inoffensive quality that his later work is known for . the collection feature two show from the same night ( hence the title ) recorded at lake tahoe ; the two act are supposedly divided by the nature of their content , but with the exception of one skit , i felt that they were pretty similar in tone . the 8:15 performance ( the dinner show ) ha cosby interacting with and teasing the audience for 17 minute before talking about golf , football , and religion for another 14 ; while the material is all new and ha not been recycled in any of his other album , it is not exactly laugh-out-loud stuff and generally sound like space-filler for his sport album . disappointingly , half of the 12:15 show ( the late show ) is bill simply repeating stuff from the first act . luckily , he doe tell a pretty entertaining story from his adolescence about braving getting beaten up to attend a party . he un-endears himself , however , by later talking about his marriage in vaguely unflattering term and uttering a few homophobic comment during a story about drag queen . concerning the latter , he is obviously exaggerating some thing he say for the sake of getting a laugh , but you do get the definite impression that - at least during this point in his life - cosby the equal-rights proponent wa practicing a bit of prejudice of his own . i have only listened to the album once , but i am pretty sure that at no time other than his departure doe cosby receive a prolonged ovation ... and rightfully so . even if we are to completely ignore the uglier bit , not a lot of stuff on here is funny enough to merit a buy for anybody other than stalwart devotee who want to complete a collection .
0	home for christmas . sound innocent enough . but you would be well advised to stay away from this home . it is a horrible place . you will be asking santa for some ear plug if you purchase this cd . alternately , you can buy it for people on your christmas list that you do not like or just plain hate . how bad is it ? some say that the cia used it to torture hardened terrorist suspect in guantanamo . it had them babbling like baby in minute . but if you are a fan of kenneth copeland , go ahead and buy it if you must . after all , the man ha a private jet and he is got ta pay for that jet fuel somehow !
0	cd case came apart when i opened it . the lyrics/paperwork on the inside were stapled upside down in multiple section . i am wondering if this is even a legit cd . i will let you know if it even work .
0	the general umg description ( editorial review ) on how this blu-ray release wa remastered is not true .. this wa taken from the 2011 bob ludwig remaster . blu-ray audio is sadly taken from the 20th anniversary master , so the headroom is extremely limited and available fidelity and dynamic range of the blu-ray format is a complete waist , i would not be surprised if umg just used the digital master for the cd release and upscaled it for the blu-ray production master . from what i have read and waveform i have seen it seems like they used the cd master for the vinyl lacquer , i could be wrong about this , but why else would bob ludwig brick-wall limit the vinyl master exactly like the cd master but just a few db lower ? for someone like butch vig , being/been the album producer who is done all these tv spot , podcasts , and guest appearance , with grohl and noveselic promoting this re-release , you would think he would want to be involved with the actual audio end of the remastering job and not just the publicity benefit . i feel like if there wa someone else there holding ludwigs hand ( ear ) during the remastering process , except rep from umg , we might have gotten a true hifi audiophile release similar to the in utero 20th release . hat off to albini for still caring enough to actively be in uteros producer 20 year later and suggesting dmm at abbey road , attended . maybe for the 25th of nevermind we can get umg to do a hifi remaster for blu-ray and vinyl . maybe get howie weinberg back too .
0	the recording wa scratchy and faded ; very poor quality i will not buy old song from amazon when trying to fill in my mp3 library .
0	let me just say : i love john mayer . he may be crazy , but i think he is one of the best musician we have from my generation and i will support him no matter what . that being said , i must admit i am not crazy about this album . i wa such a huge fan of continuum and battle study ; this album just sort of fall short of those two . i understand he wa trying to return to his more acoustic root , i am just not sure it really succeeded on this attempt . either way , i will look forward to the next album all the same !
0	only one good song here : fear not . can not buy the song a a single . rest of the song have similar intent : scripture set to music . search on the net to preview the song .
0	what can i say , i had to give it a one star , it is too short song is like 3 minute long , beat are nice , lyric are great , song full of emotion , and insight , it is just too short andy i want more time so if there is anybody out there that know him personally tell him to make longer song , i have all of his music , and a long a he stay on his knee i will continue buying his music , sending people to his show , outreach ministry , one , god bless , and for the record this cd totally deserve 10 star
0	disk skipped in place
0	this song is supposed to be a summer love song , that is sweet and cute , but let me say , taylor swift blow this out of the water , and half-way across asia . ironically , the two are doing a duet , which is like rosie o donnell doing a duet with leona lewis . totally mismatched . all sarcasm aside , the song ha more cheese than wisconsin , more horrid sound than a chinese takeout kitchen , and more annoyingness than rosanne . really , whenever i am forced to listen to this song at the gas station , i want to light a match , and drop it . boyce avenue cover of the song at least remotely give it the emotion it wa meant for , but it is still a 4-star song at most since colbie ha now joined the rank of kid rock a the worst songwriter in american history . what make the whole thing worse though is the fact that it is sort of catchy . it is still catchy enough to cause terminal insanity . so in summarizing , do not listen to this song while eating watermelon with seed , because you will choke , and do not listen while you are depressed , because you will kill yourself . like drug , just say no !
0	needed it to complete the rest of the record . for some reason , i did not have the entire album in my library .
0	slower version than the original
0	this is a bootleg release from dubious source . i have no idea why amazon even allows this to be listed , but do yourself a favor and save your money . there is no legitimate issue of this 2-fer . if you see this release , it is a bootleg .
0	be aware that this track is not the original soundtrack theme song from 1968-69 , it is some later re-recording that lack all the sparkle and exuberance of the original bubblegum classic .
0	have to agree with the prior review . the playing is not a fast a it shouldve been and it seems that the soloist is struggling throughout the solo part .
0	i am a great fan of jmt . his music is very inspirational , however , this a shabby , horrible sounding , cheap reproduction . i returned it after listening to half of it . do not judge his music by this cd .
0	i do not know what program is being used to convert this song to mp3 format , but it is not of good quality . the song is overmodulated to the point of distortion . just be aware that it is not a crystal clear copy .
0	not a good a i remembered .
0	ordered on accident by my 2 year old
0	very slick pop album . one notable exception is a great song about a stalker called haunted . this song is a keeper . it is nice to finally have a cd burner .
0	perhaps mr. hartman ha made the vocal version of this song unavailable a this is the second website to sell me the instrumental version . and while i do enjoy the instrumental , the vocal bring the real fire ! it would be helpful if the copy for this track would indicate that the vocal are omitted for the majority of the song . relight my fire is truly one of my favorite . sign me disappointed again .
0	i heard this song in my church and the band wa great . it wa soooooo much better at my church than this slow jamz soul version .
0	wa happy with a couple of the song but not most and there were not a many song on the album to warrant the purchase . not pleased at all .
0	i do not know . i vaguely remember the song , but to be fair , amazon s * * * music service would not authorize my phone to play the music i purchased ... oh , do not get me wrong , it let me buy more and add it to the library , but i can not actually listen to it . so , word to the wary , buy it somewhere else .
0	i had no idea that 9 out of 10 song were not original recording and 5 out of those 9 were flat out horrible . do not waste your money if you want original . i had forgotten how bad k-tell recording were
0	i did not get it . it appeared very weirdly in my music file ( found it after much looking ) and then there wa no link only message saying file not available . this wa a first try for me ( a download ) , i am not only not impressed i am very disappointed . i did not know how to do a follow up
0	like others , this one is not the original and i wa disappointed when listening to it . another artist doe it very well though . his name is shakin stevens .
0	not a hook on the whole thing .
0	wishful singing .
0	extremely slow !
0	already had the cd
0	this is one of the worse gospel compilation i have heard . this ha nothing to do with gospel . it is a mix-match of melody , poorly played .
0	good , but others i had reviewed had better quality and sounded more professional .
0	after waiting 4 arduous year for this cd i wa immensely disappointed in the amateurish and deficient music it had to offer . it is erratic and unfinished ; the song go from simplistic and folksy to mega orchestration that make you feel like you should be in church on a kneeler and the only one who should be begging forgiveness is groban himself who is offering up this unadorned , unassembled , incomplete work that doe not compliment someone with such a classically trained voice at all . true it would be a shame if he had been mia for so many year and then fed his true fan more of the same ballad and classical piece but these are what drew the fan to him in the first place . awake wa very out of the box for groban and quite enjoyable but illumination feel like he dawdled for 4 year then threw together a cheese sandwich at the last minute and tossed to his starving fan who were chomping at the bit for something new to chew on . i have heard this cd but i will not waste my money on buying it . i have been a fan of josh for 6 year and the fact that he put together such garbage and call it the best he is ever done really disappoints me and i am not the only one . there are many of his diehard fan who do not care for this tripe but are stomped to death by fan who are blinded by the fact that it is josh and it is quantity over quality . try to see it this way ; it is a though you have been going to a favorite restaurant every day for several year because they make the best soup you have ever tasted and then after not having this delicious concoction for a few day go back to discover that they have changed the recipe and it taste awful ... you would not go back , right ? you would not waste your money on another bowl just to see if you could grow accustomed to the new flavor would you ? well after listening to it a few time just to see if i might learn to like it i decided that if i have to force or teach myself to like it then i really do not and there is no point in making me want to poke my eardrum out with a hot knitting needle . you know the old saying love is blind ? well in the grobanites case you could say love is deaf .
0	unless it is for nostalgia , this song is not very good . the recording is pretty bad and the vocal are raw and off-key . they are so much better than their debut release , end of the ring war . i highly recommend starting at the low level owl volume if you are new to the band .
0	i really love my wife and added this to a cd i burned for her . she love it and i wish i wa deaf when it play ....
0	i am latinoamerican , and normally i like marc anthony a lot , but sorry , even if it come from marc anthony i hate bad copy from good song created only for comercial reason .. in this case this is a very bad copy of the song : cest la vie , from khaled . listen it in youtube you will see that it is mutch mutch better . link in amazon : http : //www.amazon.com/cest-la-vie/dp/b00brh2jvs/ref=sr_1_4 ? ie=utf8 & qid=1371755731 & s=dmusic & sr=1-4
0	i have purchased almost all of his early cd and loved his music until today when i bought this new one and heard a different sound , music & lyric all geared towards a completly different market . why the big change ? i can not return this now that it is opened sure would like to . i should have read the review before i bought it and then made the dicision . i think it would have been better for his fan to make the change more acceptable by doing some song from his old style and some from the new .
0	this album ha estimable composition and a professional orchestra . the saxophonist , however , play almost on pitch , almost with a good tone , and stay almost on the beat with the orchestra . i do not want to be cruel , but a a warning to those considering buying this cd , the tentative attack of the saxophonist sound like an amateur practicing . amazingly , on track nine through twelve all these problem disappear .
0	this is an absolute waste of money if you want a good tribute to the bad boy of rock then pick up down at the whiskey . it much better and still different but with actual talent unlike this piece of crap . http : //www.amazon.com/down-at-whiskey-millennium-1981-2013/dp/b00erh142k/ref=sr_1_25 ? s=music & ie=utf8 & qid=1429367854 & sr=1-25 & keywords=motley+crue
0	the entire reason why i bought babel wa to have the boxer . super annoyed that it wasnt on there . there are 3 missing track that are on babel that are not included on the vinyl version .
0	almost every track skip .
0	these guy are not the florida band who released 2 great album on capricorn in the early 70 . they instead are pathetic poser who , when confronted that they were in fact using a copyrighted name of an existing band , showed their stupid , nasty and rude self immediately . it say something that everyone but these bozo knew about the name already being in use , but then some people are just plain stuck under a rock with their own little stupid excuse for a life . add to that the fact that this album is way past useless , and it is easy to see there is a special place waiting in hell for their pathetic carcass .
0	i preordered this a i wa curious to see what this guy could do when he wa not with celtic thunder . unfortunately , this wa a let down ... oh sure , he ha a great voice and i am sure for all the hormone-loaded young female out there he is a gift from heaven , but for my middle-aged ear , this cd did not do much . i love what he doe with ct and i really like tear of hercules and do not forget about me , but all the rest of the song are bland and uninspiring . the usual sentimental pop crap , love you , love me , miss you , baby ... heard it all a hundred time before and there is nothing special or memorable about those song . i am sure he could do a lot better if he wasnt so intent on pleasing a certain category of fan and of making a go of it in usa . he is great when he sings irish-inspired song .. with his pop stuff , he is just another guitar-picking americanized idol .
0	these demo were released without donald fagen and walter beckers approval and against their wish . sun mountain , android warehouse , old regime , catalyst , the founder of steely dan , becker and fagen ( or fagen and becker ) present and the dozen of other title this same collection of demo are constantly repackaged under are in their most primitive form . do you really think steely dan , a band known for their sonic perfection , would want this revealed to the public ? if you are a dan completist and care to hear the earliest demo version of a few sd classic barrytown ( < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/pretzel-logic/dp/b000v6acug/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > pretzel logic < /a > ) cave of altamira ( < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/the-royal-scam/dp/b000v6738k/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > the royal scam < /a > ) , and brooklyn ( < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/can-t-buy-a-thrill/dp/b000v673te/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > can not buy a thrill < /a > ) try and borrow a copy rather than buy it . i would not give the cretin who released this a penny .
0	this is not the ep version . : (
0	after loving the first two album i had high expectation . some people may call it evolution but honestly the music on this album is quite boring . no doubt the song show how talented these guy are but this is quite a departure from the sound that made this band popular .
0	aerosmith hired songsmith-for-hire diane warren ( she wa like the max martin of the late eighties/early ninety and wrote song for a lot of chart topping pop crap . i mean , you hire dw to write song poop drivel , you might a well hire michael bolton a your singer .
0	garbage
0	my radio station repeatedly play wasted and wounded . i must be getting pretty old because it literally sound like crap ( refer to south park episode it sound like poo ! ! ) . the part where they use some sort of device to down tune the word wasted and wounded . i thought i had crap in my ear .
0	i can not access the song
0	the dulcimer tune were nice , but it wa unfortunate that the the vocal by tom conway were really , absolutely , terrible .
0	my friend used to listen to this band when we were in high school and thought i remembered that they had some good music . this cd is boring and doe not flow at all . it no wonder no one know about this band . terrible .
0	listening now , just do not think i will again . not really calling my name . sorry ! tried again , did not do it for me . lowered to 1 star .
0	i thought the longer version would have longer guitar riff disappointed . nearly a different song
0	it is not that i hate it . i did not get to hear it . the track that i bought wa only 6 second long . that is it .
0	the selected score end abruptly even though it completes the time allotted in the menu for purchasing . a disappointment that i did not expect .
0	while i like the arrangement and the idea of this version , the main vocal is desperately melodramatic and ultimately ruin it ..
0	ha to be free . not many people would want to buy it . i wa suppose to get a free song after i ordered some cd . if i knew it wa this one i would not have bothered .
0	nothing but noise , do not waste you money . i am a nin fan but i wa really pissed off .
0	i bought this based on the great review and all the award . wow . not too sure what the hype is all about . the character voice were so so annoying -- i can not imagine listening to this multiple time . then it jump wildly from topic to topic . galileo to fibonacci sequence to magnetism and mozart and so on in lightening speed . nothing is covered well , just quickly , again in those annoying voice . the worst part for me , though , wa the whole reason i bought the cd -- i wanted some good skip counting song . holy cow . it is the most awkward , contrived , forced sequence you can imagine . it is set to mozart eine kleine nachtmusik , and i wish i could sing it for you to show you just how weird the 2 are . then it skip to seven and omits the number 28. i wish i would saved my money .
0	poor guy
0	wow ! ! ! what a complete let down . i am a floyd fan , have all their album . this is four side of sound effect . sound like a b-movie soundtrack . i have never paid for a double album and had all four side be half utilized . if these guy are done musically , and they are , they do not need to be duping fan and selling this nonsense . holy cow man ! ! total crap .
0	are saxophone unknown in the ukraine ? they must be given the lack of them in this rendition of josef holbrookes child of the don . either that , or maestro penny is one of those conductor who think it not a problem to alter a score not written by himself . the full orchestral score call for a section of five saxophone ( soprano , alto , tenor , baritone , and bass ) . this is actually somewhat common in holbrookes larger-scale work . holbrooke wanted the sax section to re-inforce the wind section by adding a deeper , reedier , and somewhat edgier sound to the ensemble . naturally , this effect is not had in this recording . the score itself contains much in the way of late-romantic , eminately listenable music . the effect , unfortunately , is marred in several place by not adhering exactly to the composer intention . hopefully , a much better recording will one day appear to offset the shortcoming of this one . if you are a huge fan of holbrooke , then perhaps this recording would be considered better than nothing ; if you are a student of orchestrational technique in addition to liking holbrookes music , then i would say that it would be better not to waste one money on this cd which is essentially done by a less-than-first-rate ensemble and conductor .
0	a of this date i can not find this on either my phone or kindles . i had to buy the cd .
0	skip every other bar . need a real black vinyl version
0	i love this album , but this get 2 star . it would be great if one time i would get a record from amazon that did not skip at all . last two i have purchased have had bad skipping spot .
0	not what i thought it would be .
0	i value this box set quite a bit -- file under guilty pleasure -- but vol . 4 is only , well , 1 of 4 cd in this set . should not even be listed on amazon because it is incomplete ...
0	downloaded only partial download . would not play . this process is very dificult to near impossible to make it work .
0	i truly did not want to believe that this wa one of my beloved favorite , rick springfield murdering each and every song on this album , but a person can only go so far on denial . in my case delusion did not even make it through the first track , and by the time i trudged on through to the end i only got really , really sad . i did not know that rick could suck . this album is a massacre . it should be taken away , hidden , and hopefully forgotten .
0	i have never even heard this recording . the process for downloading & playing is ridiculously complex . i will not be purchasing anymore music from you .
0	the cd wa very boring , the only okay song wa the first one . my girlfriend is a die hard jessica simpson fan and she listened to it one time and ha not touched it since .
0	awesome , awesome and a blessing
0	i noticed that almost every band on the radio sound alike . all rap sound alike . all diva-pop sound alike . and all radio rock sound alike . i decided to download the how you remind me/someday mp3 onto my computer for the fun of it , and i wa laughing . both song have the same bpm , the same chord change , wow , and i thought creed wa terrible enough . the rest of the cd is not any good either . because of you sound like something ripped off metallicas st. anger , and figured you out ha some of the most mundane lyric ever . nickelbacks new album , all the right reason , hit store really soon . expect one of the song to sound exactly like one of their older song . nickelback is a joke and a disgrace to canadian music . hopefully they will realize how terrible their songwriting skill are and retire from the music business .
0	ehhh , first two song are great . i love his music that i can dance to . this album is more sexy marvin gaye than it is for dancing . not my favorite .
0	did not order this item
0	these song were only usable by the owner . i tried to transfer it to my wife portable device but it will not let me . it wa purchased for her .
0	i wa excited about this new release . sadly , the majority of it is a bunch of poseurish mumbly . it make you want to find the band and kick their as for moping so much about nothing . go do some volunteer work or something productive in society , i wanted to scream at them . i really liked the first album . i only like the graphic of this album , and maybe the song angel . that is all .
0	it is ok just not the same with out sammy hagger
0	cant stand her but my wife like her
0	after getz/gilberto the second best selling jazz album of all time behind kind of blue , the record company were anxious for another golden egg . however this is one of the worst period in stan getz life , the 70 . personal problem , and he wa locked in the the bitterest divorce case in history , went to the supreme court ! thing added to his orange juice ... joao gilberto also ha a good reason to have a grudge against getz but it doe not show here , he is a mellow a usual . a trooper . his singing and guitar & heloise hold the day , while getz pretty much phone it in . what is good on this album come from him . for better getz , pick any other decade or his life . for some reason all of the getz columia recording are really bass thin and harsh . this one is le so , but no exception . see my list for many better getz recording .
0	whoever put together the streaming managed to leave out several movement of several symphony . i.e . the title of the set is misleading .
0	the baby cry thoughout the song completely ruin it . i have yet to find a version of this song on itunes that doe not have the baby . very frustrating .
0	bought this to get one song off of the mix . unfortunately , the song are sped up ; so if you want the original timing , you will not get it here .
0	this wa so difficult to get that l never did accomplised the download . kept taking me to different thing l had to download . will not use again !
0	this is the wrong ong going to return this , a soon a i can i have been ill , and my daughter did not like it .
0	this is the epitome of what is wrong with film music today : it is bland , boring , forgettable and , while it fit the film is an utter bore to listen to isolated from the film . the terminator genisys score sound a great deal like lorne balfe listened to the original score , namely brad fidels , jotted down a couple note , included some very weak reference and then filled up the rest of the score with a han zimmer-style soundtrack of synth noise . with track like sarah and kyle it sound like it trying hard to find a theme or a melody but completely failing . i can leave a film scored by john williams and remember theme and melody clearly , but with this soundtrack , there is , well , there is that song that went dah-duh .... then had some noise and booming chord and drum and , wa there a theme in there somewhere ?
0	record wa extremely warped . the warping is so bad it sometimes cause the music to cut out .
0	i bought the cd based on one song that featured joss stone . it just happened to be the only song on the album that i liked . i had already download the song before ordering . i could have saved my money for something/ anything else .
0	any recording of promise , promise should come with a warning not to listen to this score unless you want these lethally contagious tune and beat buzzing around in your head for week afterward . that said , i personally much prefer the original cast recording , originally on united artist record , and one of the few released on that label . like many revival the performance here are mostly fine technically but somehow lacking a certain feel and je ne sais quoi . sean hayes ha a pleasant voice but with an annoying vibrato ( wobble ) on sustained note . kristen chenoweth is pretty much note-perfect - after all she doe easily toss off the fiendishly difficult glitter and be gay from candide - but the bouncy ( and deceptively simple ) bacharach/david mode seems a little stiff in her delivery . i admit to favoring the mellow , expressive baritone of jerry orbach , one of my favorite broadway male singer , and especially the unique , slightly countrified soprano of darling jill ohara on the original original cast . there is also a loose , effortlessly swinging , ( and authentically bacharach ) feel to the original orchestra sound which seems lost on the by-the-numbers instrumentalist of today . ( but this is a very fine point ) . the unnecessary addition to the score have already been mentioned here . i wa pondering how to discreetly describe the source of a house is not a home but it is already here , it wa from a film about a whorehouse . but when you think of it , is not that something akin to what the lead guy here is doing with his apartment ?
0	love muse and been a fan for about 15 year . in my opinion this is their worst and most generic album to date . disappointed based on how they promoted it and described getting back to their hard rocking/raw root .
0	do not waste your money on this ! ! ! this is a remastered version of nevermind and it is horrible . the sound of nirvana that wa on the original nevermind album that wa perfectly mastered and perfectly produced by butch vig and recorded at sound city doe not exist on this recording . all of the song are missing the original sound that made this album great . remastering this album is just like someone going back and remastering the original rage against the machine album that wa also recorded at sound city . if it is perfect , do not screw with it ! you can not beat perfection ! ! music recorded at sound city on the very rare neve console using tape and actual talent are very few . please , please , please , savor them a they are supposed to be savored . do not support a crappy remaster that is nothing like the original recording . buy the original album ! you will not be disappointed .
0	i bought the song because i made a music video but it wa easy to the track this song so is banned from cell phone usage so no 1 could watch my music video on their cell phone .
0	this is the greatest damn thing ever . if you are a stuck up person who is appalled that a broadway musical can be put together with rap overtone , just do not purchase this and go purchase a nickelback album . if you are on the fence and checking the single-star/complaints and trying to determine if you should drop a pair of hamilton for this , just do it already . you are not likely to be disappointed . ( really a five-star review )
0	terrible quality , great song . bass is messed up like everywhere else on the internet , only this song . i do not think a good quality one exist anywhere , what an absolute tragedy .
0	this could have been good but the quality of the cd wa crappy . skipped , wa all garbled and piece of junk . i usually do not have this problem so i did not save receipt or anything to return it . i will just not purchase from here again .
0	only a few of the track are worthwhile .
0	i feel really bad that i do not like this album . i have all of his other cd and practically wore them out playing them over and over . however , i just do not care for this one . too loud , too fast , too jarring , screaming , overdone vibrato are word that come to mind . he drowns out the background music . i do not find it relaxing to listen to this collection of song . there are one or two song that i like , but i find the rest just irritating to listen to .
0	poor audio quality request refund .
0	not all piano a i had expected . orchestra , comos , etc included
0	josh groban made one of the worst mistake of his professional life , by selecting a collection of song that doe not fit his voice or his style . he and his fan deserve better
0	very disappointed - not the version from the movie - this version is very disco
0	this wa some useless version with a bunch of crap that had nothing to do with the original song . frankly i wa cheated !
0	i remember , when you use to play shoot them up bang bang baby baby ! owww , that is another intruder song i can not get enough of .
0	not really my cup of tea , this is not my favorite genre or something i typically listen to . better off buying some tech house .
0	this would be a wonderful album , except the mastering job suck . none of the song have and treble whatsoever . it all sound so muddy . go get pigmata , the remastered version . it ha three bonus track in addition to a wonderful remastering . do not support this grand recording company . it is a joke . go get pigmata and support raymond !
0	never did receive it and so i couldnt really give you a good comment about it about the product when havent tried it
0	this is garbage ! ! ! ! !
0	first i have to say i love the music ; i have heard it all on my i-phone . i ordered the cd to hear it in my home via my cd player . yes , i have an older cd player . here the problem : the cd ha a bar code on it identifying top side . i have never seen a cd with a bar code on it . that being the difference between the subject cd and the other 150 cd i play , i have to believe that the bar code is responsible for the fact that it will not play at the unit for which it wa purchased . i think it is amazing that amazon doe not understand my complaint . for the first time ever - i am not happy with the cd nor am i able to contact the singer or her company unless of course i join facebook-but that will not happen . mmh
0	the package did include two vinyl . unfortunately they were both side c/d but no side a/b . sad , a it wa bought a a christmas gift .
0	i liked this song just fine at first . but what is the deal with the bassline ? i had it playing and i thought i blew my speaker , until i realized it wa just the way the song sounded . now , i can not get it out of my head , and it ha ruined my enjoyment of the song .
0	this is a free sampler of relaxing music from a variety of source . if you are looking to find difference type or source of relaxing/meditating music this may be helpful . it is not relaxing in itself a the music keep changing every 3 to 5 minute .
0	loved mc lars album , but this collaboration with k. flay did not really work for me . if i wanted to listen to song about fame and sex and party , i would not be listening to lars . but most of the song on this album are drawn on traditional hip hop theme -- that is , fame and sex and party . somebody watching me is a fantastic song , and i wish the rest of the album wa like it .
0	i used to like this song a little bit , but then it got really overplayed and it got really annoying .
0	great first dance song for someone who love it
0	meh
0	first of all , i must stress , do not buy this cd at all cost . if you are really curious a to how terrible this band is then i recommend you just download their music for free somewhere . so , where to start ? well to be honest there really is not that much to say because this album left so little of an impression on me that pretty much every aspect of their music can be summed up in a few sentence . the vocal are just talentless whining , although in that respect they suit the lyric perfectly since they too are devoid of any talent , emotion or imagination whatsoever . a for the instrument , it is a mix of attempt at gothic and electronic pop ; failing at both . the use of instrument is simply unmemorable , repetitive and mind-numbingly boring . while the incredibly biased editorial review for this album doe show a minuscule amount of honesty by admitting that the piano melody sound like they are being played by a child ; it would have to be a child who ha just started to learn how to play the piano with no knowledge of how to compose a song . i can not pick any favorite track a all the song are horrendous , so instead i will tell you which song were the most horrendous : 10 % , mar , believe , wendys razor blade , legion and you are my disaster . the biggest crime about this is that the band is actually trying to get people to hand over their hard earned cash so that unsuspecting listener will force their ear to endure this torture . so there you have it ! versailles - broken doll , a vacuous excuse for music occupying the lowest depth of the underground music industry ; and forever will it stay trapped there .
0	oh , rod stewart , what is happened to you ? i miss the rod stewart of yesteryear - the rocker , party-animal and bad boy who gave u such hit a hot leg , rhythm of my heart , forever young , and do ya think i am sexy . now we are left with a cover artist who is traded in everything that made him a star and appealing who churn out album full of cover song of old american classic . fly me to the moon ... the great american songbook volume v is really not that different from the first four album of the american songbook series . for one album , the one where he covered classic rock song , there wa a hint of the old rod stewart but now we are back to this crooner imitation that stewart been playing with for the past few year . in listening to this album , i wanted to break down this review by track . then i realized that there really wa nothing great to say about the individual track on this album . i will start off by saying one good thing : thank goodness the music of this release is more upbeat and overall happier than the track chosen for the other songbook volume . that simple change of going for the most swing/upbeat orchestral arrangement of the song make fly me to the moon stand out in the series . now , for the bad news . my problem with fly me to the moon and the other four volume of this american songbook series is that it is really lacking in rod stewart . i will explain . i get it - a artist get older , they want to change or do something differently musically . this thing of covering old american classic , however , ha been dragged out entirely too long in my opinion and is truly killing the musical legacy rod stewart made . these track are nothing more than high profile karaoke . where is the feeling ? where is the emotion , the spark that make you nod your head in appreciation of the sentiment and emotion ; the unique spin that make you feel like you are listening to rod stewart ? this album , and the others of this american songbook series are pretty annoying and disappointing because every track is sung almost entirely the same a the next . there is no real emotional exploration going on or personalization happening . to me , the track sound very similar and therefore feel uninteresting because it feel like rod stewart or his record company realize they will make money with him being a cover artist either way and he is grown very comfortable not investing himself into the music or song because they are already familiar to most of his audience . this feel like a lazy effort from rod stewart with no real creativity or talent being exhibited . there are a few track worth listening to : moon river , sunny side of the street , fly me to the moon have trace of the old rod stewart but still , i find it hard to believe that the once rocker stewart who in interview like to to point out how he doe not feel old or irrelevant ha gone from being such a stand out artist to being nothing more than a good cover artist . i would like to have heard a few original track mixed into this album ; we have not been treated to truly new , original content from rod stewart in year and i believe all of this covering of the american classic he is done over the year ha made him a bit weak a an artist because he is singing every song with the same emotion and tone and is showing little range . i say skip this . it is really not anything new or anything unique worth throwing your money at . listen to these : fly me to the moon , sunny side of the street , moon river .
0	i love ghost , but this lp ha skipping issue and there is nothing worse than new vinyl that skip . the popestar record is fine , but the meliora record is awful with skip . i have tried 3 different one and the skip are always in the same place - the manufacturer should be ashamed of itself for taking money for this awfully produced record . edit : i should update that i upgraded my setup from the low end audio technica turntable to a pro-ject debut carbon , and it doe not skip any more . just on the cheap table . so i do not know what you are running , but it is gon na be hit or miss - if you look this release up on discogs you will see there is a history of skipping .
0	such a basic generic sound .
0	purchased because i like the duet with john legend , did not realize most of the other song had vulgar language !
0	in one word the way to describe this album is generic . i am not saying i did not like it but honestly they lost track of who they really are . we came a roman is supposed to be a symbol of hope and originality for the music industry , but they completely sold out themselves for this album . remember their past album ? how they had long song which usually incorporated awesome instrumentals with technical sound that just were plain bada $ $ . but with this album they hardly use any technical sound and the lyric make for generic crap you would hear in a three day grace album ( not a dis , just a fact they have generic lyric ) . i saw an interview where they talked about how the producer of this album made them scrap all their work and make 30 new work ( which only 10 made it on .. seriously ... 10 ...... ) . since when did this band listen to others on what their music should sound like ? they dropped the ball with this album despite the few song which i enjoyed .
0	i wa disappointed in the music . i had never heard some the song on the album and most of these were not very good . i only recognized 5 of the song .
0	can anything be worse than justin beibers baby baby ? yes ! this is seriously the worst crap i have ever heard . it is completely beyond my comprehension how anyone can stand listening to this rubbish let alone actually claim to like it . frighteningly , unbearably bad . lame , uninteresting , unmemorable , and sophmoric melody . do not waste your money .
0	man , the roasting fire sound is very annoying . i deleted it after 5 minute listening to it .
0	the two song i really wanted to hear are not on it ; what a waste of money ; is the other music good ? sure , but the missing song make it a big disappointment .
0	the bitrate is not 320 ! ! ! ! ! eeeewwwww like this should not even be legal ! : :puke : :
0	just ... just no . his music is so bad it is pathetic . similar beat in every song , lackluster and blatantly obnoxious vocal , and horrible lyric is all you will find here , lady and gent . trust me ; it is so bad it is not even humerous . please , please do not encourage him .
0	guarantee that you will remove it after a few spin . now any one can relaese a cd . for $ .99 people take chance . i listened to the 2 song 3 time before deleting from playlist . stream it do not buy it ..
0	good buy from amazon .
0	lol really ? chad rapping skill is bad smh and gabe did ok but she wa holding back singing i wish she had more strength in her voice and wa more confident singing the song the reason why i rated it a 2 wa because it did not live up to the hype i thought they wa going to kill the song but it fell flat it need work ... my honest opinion
0	this wasnt the version i wa looking for and although it is a great song , the extended more musical version is a lot more fun .
0	i love this song , but the amazon music app will not play it or save it to my phone .
0	this is the 6 plus min long version , which begin with a bunch of stupid chime or something , instead of the redic sax i demand from a rendition of careless whisper . i did not know ! i regret my purchase ! what will i use for a phone ringtone now ?
0	not original recording do not like change
0	i have thoroughly enjoyed tsos previous release . the music wa stirring , had original arrangement , and featured well sung and well written lyric . however this new album just fall flat in every category . first off , the instrument ( especially the drum kit ) sound like they were programed on a korg triton keyborad . there is no way you could convince me that the string on the album were studio recorded , something i would expect from the a band that hire out an orchestra at every concert ! then the song , so incredibly repetitive that they bore me and i find myself skipping ahead in the album . the vocalist sound like they are trying to bring emotion into these emotionless song so i can not fault them for making the attempt . about half the song sound like i have heard them before . the whole thing just seems like it wa rushed through but we have been waiting for 5 year for this . i am completely disseminated and i am now just hopeful of something better in the future .
0	kind of annoying .
0	first of all , there is a reason why these guy were back up vocalist and not lead vocalist . second , six or seven ( or more ) of the song elvis never performed live and probably did not even fool around with in the studio . now the band is good , but what they have to work with is not much and even worse . and third , j.d.s glorification and denial of elvis addiction to opiate ( essentially elvis wa a herion addict who used demoral and other powerful narcotic in pill form and injection ) is beyond naive . it is people like mr. sumner that aided in elvis decline and eventually his death by enabling and caretaking . not that elvis doe not share the blame . addiction and alcoholism have at their root selfishness and self-centeredness and he wa told by more than one person to clean up and because of his delusional state , refused to clean up . i suppose it is difficult for someone to hit bottom when he ha a host of friend who are not willing to tell the truth to him and when you make $ 100,000 for an appearance that certainly doe not seem like someone who ha hit bottom . anyway . the album is tedious , monotonous , and j.d.s bass get incredibly irritating , particularly when he is trying to defend elvis and his drug usage problem which mr. sumner never really believed elvis had , even until mr. sumner death . for those who have to have anything connected with elvis , it make a nice display in your record collection , otherwise i expect you will not bother listening to it more than 1/2 a time .
0	never got it to download . have purchased it two or three time and still can not get the damn thing to download . even tried a different browswer .
0	i pre-ordered this month ago ... i wa excited when it arrived and then it left me flat . this band ha talent , in their last release they proved it with original lead vocal and solid guitar work in song like whatever haunt you , big enough and mean b * * * h. if you are looking for that same edge , you are not going to find it in stay golden . maybe they can pull the magic back for the next release .
0	i wa very excited about this passport to identity idea and really looking forward to doing this with my daughter . however , a i prepared for the weekend and listened to the audio beforehand i realized that the content wa not exactly what i had in mind . i wa expecting the content to be focused on teaching our teen about our identity being rooted in christ and not in what the world say , but the focus of this entire weekend is not her identity in christ alone , but her identity a a woman based on familylifes interpretation of what it mean to be a woman . it is all very gender based . even though they have very good life example and story of godly teenager , they make it a point to emphasize that the action of that teenager characterize a godly woman and is specific ( restricted ) for woman , when in reality all their story and principle are true for any godly person , whether male or female . for example , when they talk about being a helper and having the heart of a servant , they restrict this quality a being a characteristic that god created in woman , when it should be a characteristic that all follower of christ have . the bottom line is that this whole set is not meant to teach your teenager about having her identity in christ but her identity a a woman that follows christ ; for me , there is a huge difference between these two and i would rather teach her true godliness and not what gender-specific-ideas of what godliness look like . they should change the name from passport to identity to passport to womanhood to make it more accurate . p . i also bought the passport to identity for young men for my husband to do with our son and listened to some of the audio to compare the teaching . well , the boy version is even worse . it go to the extreme of saying that a young girl role when she grows up is to be married and find great joy in serving a her husband helper and supporter ! -forget the fact that many girl will grow up and glorify god in their singleness , like the childrens pastor in my church . oh , poor childrens pastor ! she ha no purpose in this world and is defying god by not fulfilling the role god intended for her : to marry and find joy in being her husband helper . and for u who do get married , our sole purpose is to support our husband , not to minister to the poor and orphan , the unbeliever , not to make disciple and expand the kingdom of god ; no , we were not made for that ; we were made to help our husband while they go and do that ! it is so ironic how on they girl version they teach the girl that there is so much they can do for the kingdom within their womanhood limit and on the boy version they say that girl were specifically made to be their husband helper , that is all they were created for . wow !
0	loved her last cd . did not like this one .
0	i really looked forward to this album expecting progression from the first one i accidentally bought in columbus ga and ended up loving to queue up on my iphone on those long flight to sfo . however , this album ha little of the energy and emotion that stood out in the debut . it come across to me a trying to be too clever rather than just laying it out there a the group did in the original . i should see it performed before passing any final judgement because the studio could be what killed the performance . with the nyt gushing all over the band they will get past this second act and hopefully have the runway to survive two year for part three .
0	a in her first collection susan boyle singing on the gift is excellent . her voice is soft and melodic . whoever compiled the arrangement must like loud music because it completely overpowered her singing . i bought it to play a i traveled and found that i had to keep one hand on the dial to adjust the level up and down - not a good idea when traveling . her first song began so softly that i had it turned way up ; then the music came in at full blast . an orchestra of that power and a choir singing loudly are too much . i buy her cd to hear her voice not that of an orchestra or choir . she could sing a cappella and it would be beautiful on it own . hopefully any future compilation will not make this mistake .
0	it would be great if the song were listed . i do not wan na make a blind purchase .
0	this cd is imported from russia . the play pretty just for you seems to be a valid stereo version of the original album . who is afraid of virginia woolf ? , however , is a mess . it is not in stereo , and only contains approximately 25 minute of the original 35 minute album . all selection are incomplete and the who is afraid of virginia woolf ? selection is only 4:28 compared to the original 2-part selection lasting 9:27. a real rip-off . the original selection from who is afraid of virginia woolf ? are currently only available from itunes .
0	1 is not for song itself but for the clean version which still contains the b word defeating my whole purpose for buying this version .
0	who do these kid think they are ? the beastie boy ? not hardly . the beastie boy are talented and unique , this band is so ordinary and radio friendly it make me ill. sound sorta like it should be the soundtrack for a teen movie or something . for god sake , please do not buy it .
0	i did not order this ! i just got charged for something i did not order and do not even know who this is . there is nothing in here to return to get my money back . be sure to watch this sort of thing on your credit card . if amazon charge everyone $ 2 for something they did not order think about how much that add up to per person daily in profit for amazon . i would not be so angry if there wa a way to remove this , but there is not .
0	there is no sample to know what it sound like ? or what it is ? i have to put a star to submit this
0	those people who hate ayn rand idea ( pro-communist leftist and anti-abortion conservative ) or enjoy watching jerry springer will love this movie . those who want the truth about ayn rand should look somewhere else .
0	no comment .
0	i like the fact that amazon is expanding out and getting more original content and not afraid to take on the music label . i think the problem with this is that amazon for some reason doe not seem to know their audience , which is a huge miss from a company that know everything about u . they also seem to be slow at integrating with their own device ( i tried it on the echo , and it doe not work ) . after that i tried to play it on my sonos , and it not there either . so i am listening to it via my laptop , a few song i dig , but most of the artist , i do not know and the song are just ok. maybe i just have high expectation for amazon ? i will not give it a 1 star , because i think the effort wa good , there are some good track there , but the execution wa very disappointing .
0	a freebie from our friend at amazon . i always enjoy a good freebie , it is a great way to try thing .
0	this song never came through . i tried several time to download . i love the music of luke bryan . i will have to buy the whole cd .
0	not what i expected ..........
0	this ha 16 shanty . the game ha 35. not including the parting glass , which is not in the other album either . it should take near an hour to listen to all of them nonstop .
0	nothing wrong with it just an unwanted freebie that is all even if this want more word i have nothing to add
0	this is one where reality kill your expectation . i am experiencing the same feeling a i did when hearing stp post break up / reunion album .
0	i always knew french guy could not play rock n roll and this album is proof of that . forget about these stooge and ny doll comparison . this is terrible . the singer is the worst , guitar are weak and buried in the mix and the drum are about a powerful a the last few old maid in the popcorn popper . looking for stuff that sound like the doll and stooge get hollywood brat , silverhead , hanoi rock and smack . a far a french sound , stick with francois hardy and france gall .
0	i got cheated made me buy twice
0	not much of a song
0	shorter song
0	hello band mate : i have the fx network app which ha simpson world one of my favorite cartoon and love watching every episode for multiple viewing however the app doe have some flaw it tends to have the same 3 commercial during the break and one of them is for a hipster fiat car with ear bleading your annoying poppy song that make me want to not clap my hand it make me want to cut them off . your band is auto tune garbage and since you sold out your mark on the world is being a car salesman and ruining the simpson . i know you have no control on them playing your ad anytime but i just ask you please stop playing digital instrument and do some real good in life and become the best starbucks baristas you guy can be , thank you
0	this is not the original , nor is it the sample version offered by amazon . this is a horrible 90 remake .
0	a a singer who loved the original cast album of this show , i wa weary when i heard the casting announcement for this long-overdue revival . sadly , my concern were validated once i received the cd this past week . my chief complaint is with sean hayes . a a gay man , i can honestly say that i have no issue with casting anyone to play a part ... if they can pull it off . he ha a sweet voice , but frankly , lack the bravura and energy to be believable in this role . i also have to say that the musical direction is off the mark . i can not see from the credit who did the arrangement , but my guess is that they were not adult in 1968 to remember the sound and feel of the original . kristin chenowith , a always , is first rate , although she would not have been my first choice either for her role . in essence , this wa a missed ( by a mile ) opportunity to revive a rare and very special piece of broadway history . wonder what mr. bacharach really think about this version .....
0	compared to all there other album this one is by fare the worst .
0	do not , i repeat do not buy this version . i have an $ 8000 sound system and this version sound like it is coming from a 1960s transistor radio , i could not even make it through the whole song .
0	this song crush by david archuleta , is okay . i do agree it is a safe song . alot of people do not like him not for the lack of a beatiful voice , but his image ! ! who care if he is nice , clean cut , young and old girl adored ! ! ! ! you do not need a tainted image to sell record and gain fan . you do not need a gimick when you have talent ( t-pain ) take note . i , a r & b fan , who like to see a little r & b on his album ! ! for his strength is slow song . do not turn him into bubble gum pop , or bubble gum r & b . ( his album producer take note ) give u a mixture of style , but you have to give u 4-to-5 slow song to radiate nice voice he ha . i will give him his due he can sing , unlike some of these artist now . who can not sing live , but can dance out of this world , fill in your own blank please ! ! ! i am not saying r & b love making song , but slow song ! ! ! like elliot yamin for example ! !
0	nice art . marginal recording . i find it ironic . if you want to know why this and many other recording sound bad ... g00gle loudness war .
0	not good ! buttler , geech , and shwa sound much better ! lyric ? come on ! no tallent here ! not good at all . mmm
0	i am the biggest killer fan - all album i love and value the difference in them . but , be aware when you buy his solo album , sweet but almost too sweet . i understand europe , especially the uk ha a different spin on him , and he is lovely , but i wa a little let down , considering he did mention that some of these track were meant for the killer , and i wonder what direction and sound they would have produced with them . secondly , i needed to hear some a mix of beat and theme in his music writing , too much one way is not enough value for entire album purchase . but luckily , this album wa priced lower , and i think the label understood this and his popularity in the u.s. market , that is why you see him do more show in other part of the world , where he clearly ha the killer market behind him , now he really need to get the band back together in reality . two good song on this album : flamingo : crossfire and his duo hard enough which no radio station or college alternative play . but that is the music industry - and that is individual taste . welcome to america and our ability to like what we like . i give it two star , fitting for the most i found in this album . i would really love to see his solo performance to get a better perspective . let u face it , there are so many band out there producing and i just do not think this album wa up to standard ( producing ) to where brand flower or br of the killer should be . it wa elementary for him and for world know record label . saying all that , i like the two song and love br/the killer . i would to see br solo tour and of course , i would love to see the killer back being a band and jointly producing some great music . ( p . i spent over $ 15,000 in the last 4 year seeing tk and even saw them making their dvd at the royal albert in london , so i am fan and proud of it . )
0	only two funky song . the rest like an r & b romancer . not my thing .
0	only liked one song . let your hair down david make something fun and not boring . we hear the same old traditionals every year .
0	pushed the wrong button and somehow ordered this song by mistake so- do not mean to dis it- just trying to get it off my amazon review .
0	sony music shortchanges lauper by only giving her one disc ( and 14 track only ! ! ! ! ) she deserves much better , and this is what it should look like : disc one : 1. money change everything 2. girl just want to have fun 3. when you were mine 4. time after time 5. she bop 6. all through the night 7. witness 8. the goony r good enough 9. change of heart 10. boy blue 11. true color 12. what is going on 13. iko iko 14. the faraway nearby 15. hole in my heart ( all the way to china ) 16. i drove all night 17. like a cat 18. a night to remember 19. i do not want to be your friend disc two : 1. that is what i think 2. who let in the rain 3. sally pigeon 4. a part hate 5. hat full of star 6. come on home 7. sister of avalon 8. ballad of cleo + joe 9. you do not know 10. fearless 11. brimstone and fire 12. shine 13. madonna whore 14. this kind of love 15. water edge 16. i miss my baby 17. stay 18. makin whoopee ( duet with tony bennett ) 19. you have really got a hold on me they took 6 track from her debut , then they strangely take two from her second album , one from her third , two from her fourth , two from her fifth and none from her sixth ! what ? ! ! sure it is nice to have goony , but no hole in my heart ? ? ? ! ! do not buy this , make your own compilation or wait until they get it right .
0	i spent every christmas a a child listening to this album . it would bring back some good memory if it would play . $ 5 up miss piggy butt .
0	though i wasnt a massive fan of all the song from their debut swan song , i did think that the few like young , undead , pain , and paradise lost were good . still , desperate measure seems too desperate in just pushing another album ... it actually includes three song unedited from their debut , including a remix and live version of the overrated ( in my opinion ) everywhere i go . in addition , their few cover were mediocre . i truly really only liked sell your soul , while the actually new top-of-the-list dove and grenade wa very disappointing . they suddenly sound like an amateur band rather than the imposing stuff from swan song . given , hollywood undead is still ongoing -- i do not really even consider this an actual album . will continue to anticipate their next real album .
0	get over elvis . the fat man gone .
0	you can tell she wa having more issue than vogue . i appreciate your vision and what you wanted a an artist , but , sometimes some thing just do not go . i still love your voice and will dwnload your next album to check it out , but hope it better than this country mix tape .
0	love jimmy and the song but like google it did not download into my music file . i have never found it . waste of money !
0	second purchase , still a lousy recording . music is fantastic , composition is beautiful , but music cut off br end .
0	great song but sadly it will not play longer than about twenty second . most likely an issue with amazon .
0	great compilation of their hit . are a few drop-outs in the recording , but overall a good cd .
0	if it were not for the irritating fact that my favorite local radio station , kexp , seems to like playing my least favorite track off of this , we no who u r , i would not bother writing a review of this . i like nick cave musical artistry in general , that song just seems so cold and threatening , with so little redeeming value , i thought i would share my irritation at it for arbitrarily contributing to fear and making intimidation seem acceptable . the fnords are strong with that one .
0	once again amazon ha failed to test the encoded file and there is a scratch/skip at 28 second . why buy this version when there are so many others ? audio signature is also a bit compressed for a high quality mp3 .
0	downloaded mp3 of neil diamond african trilogy . the mp3 is missing the last several second of the original vinyl recording . the finale this is a defective copy of the original . there seems to be no way to communicate this to amazon .
0	not enough hit ! to much filler .
0	only disc 2. not a complete cd . i want to return it .
0	a a long-time fan of steeleye span , i wa bitterly disappointed with this latest album . many of the song are very derivative - there are some rehash of previous song with different word and new rhythm . the vocal frequently sound tired ; maddy prior ha not lost that fantastic voice but it doe not impress here , partly because many of the melody just are not catchy . my advice would be to stick to the wonderful earlier album : they will always be a joy to listen to .
0	i feel that this music fit middle size to older child chrildren instead of little kid .
0	the only unfortunate thing about amazon mp3 downloads is you can not listen to the whole thing before buying it . 10 second ( or whatever it is ) is usually enough to know if that is the version of the song you want , but in this case , it wasnt . a far a i know , there are two version of the original duke of hazzard theme from the tv series ; one played on a regular guitar , the other on an electric guitar . this one is neither . it is played by waylon jennings , but he throw in some extra yeah ! gutterals here and there , and the tone and inflection used are not the same a either of the two original theme . do not waste your money . i know it wa only 99 cent , but it wa still a waste . you would be better off holding up a microphone in front of your tv speaker and recording the theme direct from the show ( if you are not tech-savvy ) or using one of the multiple way of wiring a straight tv to computer/recorder to capture the song .
0	it doe not play . my phone get to this song and get stuck .
0	honestly not what i wa expecting ... about a good a this season of drag race to be honest . if you are a collector , grab it . if you are looking for substantial music , save your coin .
0	ok ... downloaded this song and can not find it ! i love the darn song .... just can not find it . i have not downloaded anything else ( music wise ) since this !
0	poor song selection . you should list song in your ad .
0	don , t bother with this crap . we waited a long time , and this is what we get . check out adriangale if you want to hear a real rock band . guardian time ha passed ....... sad
0	sorry but i do not like this . my friend gave me this a a present . i never heard of this person before but she told me i wold enjoy it , but i did not . i have heard better christmas album . this is just plain awful .
0	extremely poor quality
0	did not like it . glad i did not pay any thing for it . will hope for better music later .
0	loved jethro tull but this wa not one of my favorite not even sure why i chose to buy it
0	although a nice album musically , these mp3 track i downloaded were of poor quality , probably recorded from an old vinyl record . all track had click and pop , while some had actual hiss and skip ! i know there are better quality album out there because i have one of them .
0	wow , another album from brmc where they can not decide what kind of music they want to make : rocker or slow , drawn out ( and imo dull ) folk song . i really liked war machine & aya . those i bought and enjoyed . i will be glad to never hear any of the other track ever again : )
0	i bought this cd cause i loved their first album , hot fuss . you will find 3 , maybe 4 good song in this album . i think you should give it a try , cause a lot of people like it .
0	im a real hip hop head . the beat go hard , but rick rock lyric doesnt . i wa really dissapointed in this cd . rick ross went commercial
0	i purchased this song but never saw it in any kind of library and therefore wa never able to download it . would someone help me ?
0	the second part of the dvd just kept pixelating while it wa running . i have the vhs and plan to just have that copied a this wa a large waste of money .
0	let me preface this review by saying i love the song lowdown by boz scaggs . however three minute and 28 second into the song there is a beep . it is distracting and ruined the song for me . i am ( for the first time ) very unhappy with my digital purchase !
0	while the song is good , it is not the version on the radio . i am really getting sick and tired of some of these band putting their clean version on the radio where kid hear ( and then want ) them , but not selling a clean version for you to buy . either quit swearing , or start selling clean version ( which is only beneficial to the artist , so what give ? ) .
0	sound like rufus wainright . okay cd , though . very interesting lyric .
0	case wa cracked ....
0	this is not the original lineup . kelly hanson ha replaced the original lead singer lou gramm and sadly it show . i am the first to admit that i am not a hugh fan of the group but do enjoy some of the hit that were played on the radio during the 80 ... that said i wa looking to add these hit to my music collection and mix them into my playlist . i also admit i bought this disk because of the $ 5.00 price tag . i thought i would get in cheap and plug the hole in my library for a song ... sometimes you get what you pay for ... the minute i heard the vocal on feel like the first time i knew something wa wrong . the band wa right but the vocal mix wa off to where i finally looked at the cd case and and found the small print ... brand new recording of foreigner greatest hit ... sadly it is just off enough to make it unlistenable ... i have to agree with other reviewer who like me are a little confused a to why they would release this record ... journey replaced their lead singer and only play the hit in concert ... if foreigner want to remain a working band they need to write new song and sell them a such ... band like deep purple , the allman brother & lynyrd skynyrd ( to name a few ) have all had personnel change yet they moved forward and made new music to the enjoyment of old & new fan alike ... sorry foreigner but this cd will be traded in at rasputin record and that money will go toward foreigner : complete greatest hit issued by rhino record at least i will know i am getting what i payed for ...
0	i bought ti for my son who is a music major . he loved it
0	the album is great . the sound quality of the vinyl pressing wa made for crosley , and sound like isht . oh well , at least it look cool in white
0	i love two song off this cd 24 karat gold and lady . lady is stevie nick at her best . powerful and touching . the rest of the song are ok. ill be honest . for me , it her voice . some of the vocal are cringe worthy and embarrassing . i have been a fan of stevie nick for 35 year . i am devoted and love her . i wa always pleased that she did not use auto tune . she should have on these song it would have made a world of a difference .
0	i am not sure what they were trying to accomplish with this album but it doe not work . i understand that band evolve , but how a band that is so acoustic/folk driven who ha uploaded countless video of themselves harmonizing by creek and forest to the tune of two guitar evolves to this is a mystery . this effort represents nothing of the band who released their first two album . it honestly sound like an overproduced 80 album with no heart . i had hoped that we would get another river and road , or lost in my mind , or 10,000 weight in gold , but no such luck . i guess i can just be happy we got those album at all and hope this band some day return to it root .
0	this generation of music will appeal to an audience that will believe any kind of crap . nothing here is genuine or special just another attention failed hollywood star .
0	very disappointed , sounded like one big long song , would not recommend it
0	ok , so it ultra new age and designed for meditation , etc . it still doe not work for me but that may be just personal .
0	wa not what i thought i wa buying .
0	handful of song , with lot of people talking in between track . buy the individual song instead
0	ok
0	i ordered this cd thinking that there would be at least 10 song on it . there are three . two are the same . what a disappointment . i could have downloaded them from itunes for far le .
0	a a guy listening to this is a bit like cat scratching your face . listen to my sage advice : boyfriend and girlfriend just need common sense and communication , but this song is for those manginas who hate themselves , and guy who never are able to disagree with their leader , the gal in their life . a far a the song , it is a better country cong , all country and oldtime music can wax a bit satirical and humorous .
0	dr dre is delighted , fan are joyous , and curtis jackson ` s ego is beginning to expand . but a 50cent continues to captivate universal hip-hop audience , i am finding it rather difficult to control my frustration ! it is always cheering when a real raconteur stampede the stage , but once again , i am left wondering what is it exactly that ha evoked the mournful revolution in rap . the next 2pac , ha just began performing his implement , releasing a platinum album and to create the biggest buzz in the world of hip-hop . but unfortunately , the enigmatic withdrawal of intelligent lyric on poor lil rich is just a brief exemplification of every other track on the album . the litany of reference to violence becomes tedious , ( what up gangster ) , ( if i cant ) , ( blood hound ) , and ( dont push me ) . in those final hour of uncertainty , ( wish death ) , once again fails to duplicate the prophetic style of so many others in the past . a his devouring passion for weaponry becomes the leitmotif in this lp , the obsession ha led rap music into the most self-destructive calamity ever known ! and those dispatched to the world of meaningful lyric outpost will not enjoy the radio-friendly hit ( in da club ) and ( p.i.m.p. ) . if only 50cent wrote his lyric a ambitiously a he strives to appear on television advert ! instead of a more pragmatic approach to solve his problem , it seems 50cent belief a combatitave one is the answer , ( back down ) . buy this album if you are entertained by incessant bragging and meaningless lyric , but otherwise do you utmost best to avoid ! sometimes it make you believe rap music can not get any worse than this , ( until you hear will smith ) !
0	worse song ever
0	i always loved this song . i had no clue that the vocal would be different on the greatest hit version than in the original . they just do not have the original punch . it ok , just not what i wanted . i went back and got the original .
0	unfortunately , i can not download this song onto my itunes so i need to go through amazon music each time i want to listen to this song . otherwise , the song is absolutely wonderful to dance to , my husband and i dance the rhumba to this great song .
0	i bought but it never download to my kindle .. very upset about that .. and i really want this sone to listen to
0	this album is the biggest rip off of the enigma that i think i have ever heard . it doe not contain any enigma song except for 1 and that one i am not completely sure of . the other other song are by other artist with the title changed and a lot of noise added in to make it look unique . i would not buy this album at all if i were you . i do not own it myself , just heard some of it on an internet radio station .
0	taylor swift , to paraphrase simon cowell on william hung , can not sing . she talk her way though in a monotone style with lyric that sound like they should be in a high school soap opera . red is no exception and , quite frankly , i am amazed at how long this gig ha lasted . what i object to most -- and she is not the only one -- is the commercialization of country music by fluff artist who are not singing country music , but are perverting the genre . i mean , can you imagine george jones or merle haggard singing with this gal ? taylor swift need to get the heck out of country and go with britney and all the other bubble gum artist and , then , hopefully fade away like , to name a couple debbie gibson and tiffany . avoid this album and , for that matter ms. swift music like the plague . when we lose merle , george and rest , whose gon na fill their shoe ?
0	this albulm prof you can not believe everything you read . i read rave review obviously paid off by his manager . this is not a terrible albulm but doe new justice to the term mediocre . i will take it with me on my next trip to the used cd store .
0	roger hit a new low here ! i guess i seen this one coming after hearing about his 4th divorce , recent negative interview , political bashing , anti jew/isreal stuff , and even negative comment about david gilmour , angry rant , and bashing trump and others at the recent live show . this guy is one angry grumpy old man . but i could have forgiven all that for a great new album after all it is only the music i really care about in the end . but ton of political stuff , f bomb , bad language , and some pretty good song toward the beginning of the album ruined by profanity . deja vu is the only song i like because at least he made that song without saying the f word 7-8 time throughout . but it is also ironic that he talk about what he would have done had he been god ( yet he is a professed atheist ) . toward the end of the album when he finally stop cursing , every song run together ( slow , generic boring number ) . wait for her , ocean apart , and part of me died sound like the same song and stuff that could have easily been put on the weakest floyd record the final cut . after the brilliant amused to death 25 year ago this is what we get . oh well , we will always have the classic floyd album he helped make and a couple much better solo album !
0	i really hope somebody review this item because there is no information about it anywhere on the web . this is a legit item , right ? ?
0	i am so mad ! i should have read the review like i usually do , do not buy this ! i thought i wa getting the real song form the real artist ! ugh last time amazon i swear !
0	what you are offering is not the columbus stocade blue by danny davis it is i will fly away . wrong song under song title ! ! ! ! !
0	blocked out my favorite part of the song ... thought it said explicit . if i am gon na pay $ i wan na hear the swearing . it is part of the art .
0	awfully bad
0	first song on cd would not play .
0	really bad album . styx hit a new low by hiring some heavy metal scab to ruin their sound . i can not believe people praise love is the ritual ! that is without a doubt the worst song i have ever heard in my life . everybody else let his poision sink in , dennis ha gone to broadway-ville , and is competing with celine dion for worst adult contemporary artist award , james is absent , and glen stink up the place with his awful awful song . i love styx up to and including killroy but this is too much . avoid this .
0	it is very dull ... kind of flat . i wa very disappointed a i am a pretty big fan , and bought it unheard . that wa a big mistake .
0	how do i rate this song ? well let me see hmmm ... this is pure garbage brandy try again baby i know you can do it !
0	good recording-great performer -- -both cd stopped producing any sound after playing them three time .... you should check into who supplied them for you ..
0	this is an early version , with the crummy lead in , and dinky fade out at the end . it doe not sound like the radio version .
0	a soup swell of garnish plate between to sheet of car light mobile fused mentor ship of radical marble feather game ... if this doe not say it all nothing ever will ... head or tail u decide ! a whitewing review ( please send cash ...
0	could not get the cd to play
0	love clapton , but have to question some of the song selection . not enough derek and the domino or studio version for me of his classic . where is tulsa time ? ? ?
0	dont buy this unless you like fake cd . it a copy with bad sound and noise .
0	did not realize it wa the edited version of the album . would not have bought it if i knew . oh well .
0	this album is a cheap bootleg from russia . the quality is bad and not comparable with the original . you should download only legal material from chilly in perfect quality . find all the legal album here at amazon & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/for-your-love-new-mix-2014/dp/b00edrlewy/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > for your love new mix 2014 < /a > johnny love jenny special edition maxi single new mix & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/showbiz-new-mix-2014/dp/b00eq7hbnm/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > showbiz new mix 2014 < /a > secret lie 2014 ( b.b.m . remix ) & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/come-to-la-new-mix-2014/dp/b00fduejea/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > come to la new mix 2014 < /a >
0	kyu ha been dead since 1985. this wa buggered with long after he left this mortal coil . first major 747 crash .
0	want to go to sleep in a hurry ? play this song which may make you want to drink a case . beat it !
0	didnt order
0	i bought this album yesterday at target . this album is terrible . there are only like three song i like from the album . besides dive in and the chapter 5 intro the album is a waste of money . i am happy i only payed $ 12.99 for it .
0	one word to describe the endless river : disappointment . i loved the division bell and i honestly thought that this would be a continuation of it ( gilmore even said so ) , but this is very much an instrumental album and i am a person who like more lyric . i felt like it wa an instrumental blend of the division bell and wish you were here . maybe youll enjoy it , but i listened to it once and will not be listening to it again .
0	the music is too bland ! i have a lot of barbras music and this cd doe not fill the bill for me .
0	it wa ok !
0	tried to buy explicit version but if you want the cd also you can only get clean version , tried to cancel order but got stuck with unwanted clean download . very unhappy .
0	spektors latest album what we saw from the cheap seat , life up to it name . throughout the album i felt a though i wa watching a great artist from so far away that you can not really make out any greatness . spektor and her producer have stated that each song on the album can stand alone sonically . well , that seems to be the truth , the album doe not have any cohesive composition . when entering the studio spektor came in with many song from her journal and seemingly threw together a release on a whim . the art is devoid from this artist album , which is ironic considering the first single all the rowboat conveys the plight of famous work of art held captive in museum . while i initally thought this wa struggling to be a metaphor for humanity , the lyric do not lend themselves to that interpretation , instead regina just sings about painting and statue ... a if she is engaging in an act of fancy singing about picture from better home and garden magazine . personification should be used to make a statement not simply for the use of personification , unless of course you are only looking to sell album or make people dance . at time this devout spektor fan had to entertain the two most devastating word to a true artisit .... sell out . the best song from the album is an updated version of ne me quitte pa which spektor previously released on song her second self released album . the few song on the album that attempt something pertinent to the human condition , such a small town moon and firewood are lost in the din of useless lyric .
0	not to impressed
0	i had heard left hand free on xm a few week back and really dug the raw pop sound . it wa reminiscent of the byrd or the black key . i wa on my way home the other day and decided to pick up the cd . what a mistake that wa , a the remainder of the album wa a limp collection of soulless ambient whimp-rock . this # $ % @ is going to graywhale .
0	i expected 14 verse ! i only got 4 ! it would be helpful if a brief summary wa given of the content so that customer can find what they are looking for before purchasing the wrong item .
0	every song is just a rip off of a punk-cover that another band did better . the great thing about punk cover is that they are taking a classic song and putting a genre twist on it . the rezidudes are not doing this . they are taking punk cover , and just recreating the exact same song all over again . their song sound exactly like the me first or pennywise version , except not quite a good . it is like making a photocopy of a photocopy . it is roughly the same but it is lost some quality along the way . seek out the original punk-covers and skip these guy .
0	probably not the album you are looking for
0	audio is terrible
0	amazon requires a proprietary downloader to download a simple mp3 file . the downloader will not install on my computer so i wa not able to download my purchase .
0	not good !
0	i wa searching for some more christmas music to add to my collection each year i want somethjng to play other than our chipmunk christmas and soulful christmas album . so this work . thanks for the free music , free is always good , so no complaint .
0	i instantly fell in love with mj 6 and 7 , not the case with this , and i so looked forward to it . not a continuous mix . very hard to get into . very disappointing .
0	george mann , the pianist on this recording ( which is actually part of 4-cd collection ) , take on a challenge here playing short work by a variety of composer ranging from bach to tchaikovsky . sometimes he hit the mark , but often he miss . debussy claire de lune and dvorak humoresque are example of where he is in tune with the composer emotion . his playing of solvejgs song from grieg peer gynt is at time contemplative and others whimsical . his playing on satie je te veux and gershwin do it again is pleasant . his rendition of an arrangement for bach air for the g string and siciliano in g minor are ok. but , his playing of albnizs tango lack fire . while schubert ave maria can soar , mann performance barely leaf the ground . his rendition of schubert serenade merely scratch the surface of emotion in this piece . his performance of beethoven minuet is so wooden you forget it is a dance . at other time , while he is playing the music , it seems he is not really there , for example , poulenc nocturne , elgar salut damour and tchaikovsky andante cantabile from the string quartet in d major . perhaps i am too critical of mann style of using a light touch . but his performance , for the most part , just do not grab me . i read one review of the collection which creditted the performance of the selection a a good background music and a inexpensive survey of a variety of piece . a a survey , i fear that listener might be turned off from poor performance of good music . a background music , ok. but , do not pay too close attention to the performance lest the weakness show through .
0	sound like white noise
0	i do not dislike the song , i dislike the ability to edit music when it wa my first time trying to purchase music for an mp3 . i only needed one light ( single version ) of ellie gouldings song .
0	this song wa purchased , it went through on my card , showed up in my library , there wa a glitch on my computer and the song disappeared . i have never had a problem like this with music downloads . hopefully this will be resolved my the song being re-added to my music downloads .
0	the pianist performing this great piece of music should not quit his/her day job !
0	false advertising : song time is 5:27 and not 7:46 a listed a of 25-aug-2008 . i wasted 99 cent thinking i wa getting an extra ep version . darn !
0	nice album cover ; nice piece of vinyl too but shockingly poor content . a small group of u review new realeses every month and use a scale of 1-5 wheelbarrow ( do not ask , it involved vodka ) . this album hovered around the 1.5 wheelbarrow mark but given we do not do half we agreed to let it be 2 a it make for unintrusive background music . i have played it a number of time since our review and it simply doe not grow on me . i liked their previous album and hoped they would mature with this one but actually they regressed imho . i will keep playing it because sometimes you only get an album after multiple playing but that usually applies to something that is layered , to date this one seems one dimensional . because review are so personal i am not going to go into specific detail on the banjo there or the guitar here , i suggest you buy the album and see if you like it . you might ! update dec 5th : so some time ha passed and i continue to rotate this album into my playlist . it just ha not got any better for me i am afraid .
0	some of the song sound like they have been recorded off old 45s that had been used too much . also shipping practice are the worst i have ever seen . for a package to be shipped by mail from maryland and not arrive in pennsylvania for 3 and 1/2 week is just pure ignorant on the seller behalf .
0	the cd is taken from an overseas lp master tape and is not mixed for cd . this cd wa made without the consent of crosby & nash . if you want the best sound quality , purchase the american version wind on the water ( mca - 088 112 043-2 ) lovingly remastered by stephen barncard .
0	ok though not quite a epic a i had expected . still an ok song and good buy . weird album art .
0	he gave the message out that if you want to become popular dis on a well-known artist . that already show his ignorant talent . can not you rap about something else than car with rim , drug , money , and girl ? he need to go buy some education he sound like a total moran when he talk with double , triple , cuadruaple negative and us word that are not even in the english dictionary . i grew up listening to rap oh yeah thank you for making me feel better when i am down and come home and you are rapping about nice car , clothes , and jewelry that i do not even have . dont jeoparize your education because you want to imitate this illiterate rapper you dont have to go broke trying to have more than your neighboor . do not support this garbage .
0	could not play it cuz my phone lg35 optimus logic is not compatible : - (
0	great song , and i am so glad it is available for non-drm download , but this one is really pretty bad quality compared to the other song i have downloaded from amazon !
0	i am so disappointed in jewel ! ! i own all of her other album , her poetry , and i love her . but this album is a seel out . jewel unique and beautiful music are taken over by a pop style , and it disgust me . i suppose musician do this all the time , however it is just very disappointing that one of my fave singer is a sell out . it all about the buck .
0	very poor quality
0	damaged front of the case . cd is okay !
0	i think the title say it all ... what a ripoff , making money off of these guy ( who are really nice guy , by the way ) .
0	this song ha no place listed on any christmas play list . i am glad that is wa the first person to listen to this song and decide whether or not to add it to our music library . should not it be safe to let their kid listen to song on a christmas list and not worry about if the song is sexually explicit ? sad , now we have to worry about christmas song being inappropriate !
0	after listening to this song i purchased for a friend father funeral ... all i could think wa i would hate for this crap to be played at my funeral .
0	holly voice is exquisitely beautiful . that come through on this recording , but the recording balance ruin the effect . the grand instrumental background are questionable , in themselves , but their volume almost smother holly delicate voice . and why place a little girl voice amidst a huge instrumental background ? holly voice contains all the drama and dynamic necessary . in visual term , this recording is like seeing her standing at the rim of the grand canyon , but from a distance . i listened only once , disappointed even for a hollie fan or , maybe , especially because of being one . next time , let her sing a capella .
0	can not understand why there are not more voice in the wilderness calling this blurred line song out for what it is -- sick and disturbing . you do not have to be religious to be offended . you do not have to be a feminist . you just have to be a human being with a conscience and respect for the feeling and dignity of other people . the song is damaging not only to the woman it suggests degrading and injuring but to the men who listen along and are not offended . for the sake of your sister , mother , cousin , daughter , and the way you want them treated by men -- be offended by blurred line .
0	purchased for someone else .
0	there is no question that lorde ha had one of the biggest anthem from the past year with the success of her song royal . but after that , she honestly ha not seemed to show that she ha been a strong successful songstress in the way she had shown from the beginning . her latest song tennis court , the third single from her debut album pure heroine actually lag a bit into the drive from the heart . i just felt that the song definitely showed not to be one of her better song . it wa good at first , but honestly not a strong a royal . it is alright , but not anything really driven . i definitely felt that this song for lorde showed to be more of a fault than a ace from the hole . hopefully , when lorde come up with a follow-up album , there will be more than just a miss on a tennis court . song : d+
0	in my opinion a band that can not create new music and release the new material without surviving on past glory should retire . it make you think that maybe it the record label a usually the record label make all of the money on a album/cd
0	i like christian music . none of that pozer christian music like pod . i like the soft and soothing kind . such a mighty lord , shine jesus shine , and my favorite group is sonic flood . what is 50 cent doe someone have bad grammer because i sure could use 50 cent to give to my loving and sharing church . i would accept donation . any good sugestions about good soft christian music ? email if you do . god bless you all
0	this cd feature a man voice with relaxing new age music in the background . he go through the usual litany of instruction ... stretch the arm , the toe , the finger , and hold for 5 second etc . it is actually a bit difficult to understand exactly what he is saying because the sound quality is quite poor - very muffled . the soft music continues ... i once began the cd before i got into bed because i wanted the music to lull me to sleep but apparently the music never make a solo appearance . after the sleeping instruction end , it is wake-up time and the voice tell u something about getting up . i just get out of bed and off i go . but ... coincidence or not , it doe work .
0	the site doe not give a listing of song on the album , hence , i can not buy it without more information .
0	okay . jewel used to be human , you know ? like , the kind of person who could walk through a crowd and look normal and casual and just , herself . now she is piled on unnecessary makeup , and is wearing clothes that everyone hate britney for .. just trashy outfit on intuition though her regular tank top wouldve been just fine in the past . and not once in her video did she play a guitar . hmmm ... jewel without a guitar in her lap ? that is a little odd . there were a few other video without her guitar . but ... a song she sings , without actual acoustic in it ? wow that is a first , i think . i mean , what is up with that ? she is gone for the clown look and for a poppy sound and [ garbage ] , and her guitar , her naturalness , and her confidence in her doing something actually original but still being loved wa what i loved about her , and that vanished in this album . i have not heard it all . but i heard , and saw , intuition , and i listened to a preview of some of the other song and i am not even going to bother wasting my money on something so fake . pop star die out much more easily than the original one , i believe . i am going to 10th grade this year and i have been obsessed fan of jewel since 3rd grade . seven year ! name some pop star that last that long ? i can not think of any . she used to be totally original , and i still love her old stuff and will listen to it till the day i die , and i will learn to play her stuff on my guitar and i will sing my heart out the stuff that she poured her heart into . but this new stuff - she is basically asking for her career to die soon * ^_^ * ; ;
0	got this for my mom for xmas . when she put it in her computer to listen ... japanese porn took over the screen ! wth ?
0	i had forgotten how annoying byrnes voice could get . i love all genre of music and agree with many of the comment that much of today music and is very bland and corporate . but an artist doe not have to be truly awful to stand out ; byrnes and st vincent did just that .
0	i have been a pink floyd/rodger water fan for 30 year ... i own every floyd/ water album/cd from the beginning . i hate to say this ( i really do ) this cd just is not good mostly because of # 1 water voice is gone and # 2 there is nothing new you can exchange word from pro and con or amused with the music ... it sound like he put this together in a day and did not care of the result . i do not like rodger water music - i loved rodger water music and after the 3rd time of trying to find a song i like i cant ... the music it self and the musician are good but the voice is no longer there . sorry all you pink floyd fan ( like myself ) do not waste your money - it better to remember the good instead of listening to this mess .
0	can not find it on my phone
0	streisand ha already recorded the majority of these song ( some of them enduring standard she ha performed to death ! ) featured here which are also included on her studio and live album . while it is mildly interesting to hear song such a evergreen , people and the way we were sung a duet , did we really need to hear them again even though altered and reinterpreted ? let u face it ... all these remake of song sound inferior to their original version . in my opinion it would have been far more thrilling to hear streisand perform material she ha never sung before . all of streisand partner on this album ( except for her son ) have extensive and fantastic work they have produced during their career why did not she choose to perform their song instead or totally new material especially written for this album ? yes she doe sing billy joel ` new york state of mind with him yet she ha already covered this song which is included on one of her album ! while there is much to say about the varying quality of interpretation of each song , i am not too sure about the awfull beyond-the-grave duet with elvis ( these virtual duet where already cheesy back in the 90 can we now just move on ! ) ; instead a duet with someone else such a george michael for instance ( amongst many others ) would have been far more welcome . i am not too keen on ` what kind of fool either ( the second biggest dud here ! ) , already a fantastic classic duet unnecessarily remade here . the new arrangement do not feel right ( it wa originally produced a a pop song with a tempo and work better that way ) and while i have great respect for john legend , he can not compare to barry gibbs ! and there is also something rather odd with ` how deep is the ocean being sung between mother and son or is it just me ? . on the positive side , the duet with bocelli is awesome ! i hear rumour of a duet album featuring only female which is already in progress , if so , i hope it will be better than this . take note barbra ! overall : an ok easy listening album that will appeal to most and will call for the ` wow factor only because of the famous name associated to it , andrea bocelli and stevie wonder being the highlight , ( reminds me of these bad movie starring major a list actor everyone go and see ) but also a sadly missed opportunity in many way !
0	i am a fan of stevie ray vaughan but this piece struck me a something gernerated by a corporate formula for what srv should sound like . i would recommend texas flood , little wing , lenny and various other srv hit long before this one .
0	ugh . this album get my vote for most overrated album ever . while it is true that it wa revolutionary and changed the face of mainstream music forever , it is still not that great of an album . the song are extremely poppy and pleasing to the ear on the first few listens , but this get old really fast . how many time can a human being take smell like teen spirit ? the album ha not aged well at all , and there are and have been many , many , many band with the same type of sound a nirvana who can pull it off a million time better . many people claim this a the album that destroyed bad hair metal and reshaped the course of rock . pffft , is what i say . the only thing this album gave u is those stupid , pseudo-angsty nu-metal band ( staind , korn , trapt , chevelle , seether ) that are clogging the air wave and are the bane of real music fan everywhere . if you are looking for some real grunge/alternative , pick up surfer rosa by the pixy . this is the album that kurt wa trying to ape when he recorded this pile of dung . even compared to other grunge band of neverminds time ( soundgarden , mudhoney , pearl jam , alice in chain ) , the album is a joke . do not give in utero the skip , though . kurt quickly realized what a monster he would created with nevermind and decided to record a real album . the result wa in utero . that album get 5 star .
0	just flat out terrible . i love the lip , but this album ha nothing to offer artistically or even from an entertainment point of view .
0	well , not really good actually . there are only a few song that worth listening . they are chariot , follow through and i do not wan na be . the rest just did not work for me . they just are not catchy at all . however , if you are a fan of gavin , then buy this album . cause i bet he put lot of effort into it , and being a bad album to me doe not mean a bad one to you . so guy , you may give it a try . maybe listening to sample before buying : ) .
0	one of the worst album i have ever heard ! no talent and unoriginal i believe she is only in the business because she is beautiful . auto tone and poppy music can not save this one . do not waste your dollar .
0	i found the stereo track dropping out and bounding back very annoying . this is not a version of the el capitan march to i will find a place for in my playlist .
0	got this for .99 cent . about right for the quality of the music . album get old fast . it wa worth a chance for .99 cent , would not pay full price
0	it did not download easily and it still have not totally downloaded onto my phone where i can listen to it . it is wa a waste of my money .
0	i know i should not complain , after all it wa free . i guess i wa just expecting a little bit more , how can i put it music ,
0	disappointed . i paid $ 8.95 thinking i wa going to get her whole cd album . it only contained the one song climb . the song is great and inspirational . wish the cd contained more of her song .
0	the song is great but when it end another song start and get cut off ... it is something technical i wish it would be fixed so i could get a new one .. it is very annoying .
0	a george would say , a money grab . boy if george were alive today he could make a great album about our election . it would have to be a double album . america ha sure given him material .
0	downloaded this and it is nothing but static ... no music , nothing . how do i get a refund or at least the real music ?
0	barbra streisand is unique ... her voice is priceless ... but this duo simply dont work ... the other singer do it nicely , but the song she selected should never be touched .. they are simply perfect a they originally were recorded .... miss streisand ... i worship you ... but this record wa not necessary ...
0	le than boring
0	i bought this for my aunt because she remembered it from she wa a kid and she claim she is happy with it . i do not care for this type of grade school music
0	just ok
0	the song performance is cute , but the song is very short , and the last second are an ad for more music . the ad ruin the song and make it undesirable for my grandchild . i deleted it because of the ad .
0	come on , this is actually more than one band playing the same song over & over ? really ? i almost fell asleep during the 1st sample .
0	good condition , bad music -- the idea is better than the execution
0	i wa disappointed in the music and lyric . oar may have fallen into the hand of mediocrity .
0	rip off . there is no one song that is worth $ 10 . plus $ 4 shipping fee . i do not believe sinach authorized this fleecing of her fan . this product need to be pulled off the market if the entire collection of song can not be found .
0	not what i thought
0	still is the one holding the guitar ! and i will not even comment on the politics these guy continue to wear out . mr. young , you , not aside ! ! ! waging heavy peace ? ? ? come on , man ! blah , blah , blah - your act are all getting old and wearing extremely thin ! a lot like your hair !
0	it sound ( to me ) like these are cover song not recorded by the original artist . especially bohemian rhapsody . i think if this is the case , it should be made clear you are buying music by cover band .
0	i own all of his album . i have seen him in concert twice . do not purchase this album . in my opinion , this album is a low point in his career .
0	people , please . this item is not ! ! ! the noel coward derivative with bea lillie , tammy grime , et . al . it is a movie that bear no resemblance to the broadway musical . caviat very emptor !
0	david cook is a great singer .... but i just do not like this song .... is so just not the david i love ...... i hope the album have better song .....
0	never ordered or received this
0	miss the hungry , creative neil .
0	you sure this wasnt the good the bad and the ugly revisited i expected clint eastwood to come in riding a horse
0	this suck .
0	vinyl wa warped .
0	kool moe dee attracted me to this song , because in the 80 and 90 he wa legendary ! not so much anymore ...
0	i ordered this record about a year ago and finally got around to getting a record player - opened the record from the plastic , took it out and found that the edge of the record wa scratched/melted somehow . i had it stored in a drawer with the rest of my record and all the others are in mint condition . since i had just opened it , i had no way of knowing it wa damaged when i had first received it . super bummed since the first 30-45 second of victorious and la devotee are cut off/skipped . hoping to return it and get another . the record itself/part that work is definitely five star . giving it a low star rating for the damaged item .
0	wrong song !
0	all the song on this album are beast man . this album is their best but they do not compare to attack attack or blood on the dance floor . you wan na here good music check them outt .
0	this is not the version i have heard on the radio which ha more of christina aquileras voice and is far more listenable . it wa impossible to tell from the sample that this iteration of the song really is not the one i wa hoping for . i like the say something i have heard on the radio much better .
0	love ya jen , but this wasnt a great cd ! ! you have an awesome voice all it own but to add a fluffy filler ludacris , t-pain , fantasia , and i am telling you , and jesus promised to the mix wa just wrong , dead wrong . spotlight , we gon fight , invisible , and stand up are the only standouts . you will sell a lot of cd , but next time , stick to your voice alone .
0	i find it amazing that the hastings myth ha permeated music a well . there wa nothing in his guide book about the route south of the great salt lake a the song suggests . the mention in his guide of a possible route south of the gsl wa in no way feasible or practical until the explorer fremont , then hastings himself plotted out the difficult trail that would take his name . hastings also led over 200 people and their wagon south of the gsl and not a single person died . the route turned out not to be practical for wagon travel a a notch across the ruby called secret pas could only be traversed with pack animal . this forced hastings to take the wagon he led around the southern terminal of the ruby adding extra mile and all but nixing the potential and practical use of the trail based on the geographic knowledge of the day .
0	cookie cutter garbage , i liked that he used the singer song writer approach on the first cd , i feel he is just hopping on the r & b band wagon . we already have a justine timberland . be yourself write and sing your song . it is been a long since i had to skip this many track on a cd just could not sit through more than a minute . on the plus side the song that he sings are great but the rap stuff is just terrible . maybe he will go back to being original again . otherwise this the last time i will waste my money on a crappy cd . ed should take some pointer from emerson hart .
0	i had several of the standard released album from this group and thought i would add a greatest hit album . i found this music cd very disappointing . it ha many of their hit ( they had a few ) although look what they done to my song , ma is missing . it the sound quality that is drive this collection down . these appear to be mono recording and a such sound flat and uninspiring . i ripped these to wave file and looked hard at the waveform with help of a computer and found nothing that would indicate these were stereo recording . the dynamic range of the music just is not there either . the other issue for me in the talent level of the group . the original the seeker had judith durham a most talented and charismatic singer , where this group had for the most part , two girl singer but each had just average ability and not very engaging . so with the sound quality issue and the bland vocal , i would not brother with this release and a this is oop ( out-of-print ) ... i can see and hear why !
0	i just do not like this song . she sings weird in a few part where she get real loud and when you are getting into it , she scare you with her loud part .
0	the add indicated that the seller wa selling a cd and i got a cassette tape , i wa sooooo disappointed . but i learned that ; even if it is written it doe not have to prove to be true . however , that is all right ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i wa had .......
0	not an official release and the sound quality is pretty bad - thin sounding/output level really low . a couple of song are listed out of order on the back cover . why did i buy this thing ?
0	it a great album , ive loved it since the release . but i purchased the vinyl and every song skip . im severely disappointed in this order and the quality of the vinyl . i hope someone see this and fix this issue .
0	not worth the money . save it for a talented artist .
0	not sure why amazon music downloads do not automatically show up on my sd card anymore . cant listen on my phone through prefered mp3 player anymore . my daughter love the song though . too bad i can not play it for her .
0	my teenage daughter downloaded this song on my new kindle because i wanted music . i did not enjoy it . it wa too whiny .
0	the vinyl came curved , it difficult to reproduce
0	there is absolutely no question these guy can sing . but they scream the lyric of nearly every song . i have really gotten into a cappella lately and wa looking forward to this cd . i wa very disappointed . it would be excellent if it wasnt so darn loud . this is one cd i will pas on to someone else .
0	wa expecting much better - ended up throwing the cd away . could not stand dylan gravelly voice on these classic , and i am a dylan fan .
0	only one of the disc in the two disc set were in the shipment
0	the song is good but the picture is inappropriate and i do not really know spanish but it is still a good song
0	did not really like the song
0	i would have like the album to contain updated version of the christmas song , but since i only paid $ 0.99 for it , i can not complain too much .
0	i love soul asylum . i like every single other one of their release , and downright love some of them . this cd is chock full of boring , uninspired , defeated , depressing song that lyrically , sonically , and emotionally sound phoned in . this is the one they put out because they had to . skip it .
0	the original ha pac and val young in it where she sings the hook off michael jackson human nature and that version sound superior to this this is a insult lil mo what are smoking on .
0	horrible
0	i bought this cd ... and the music is pretty good .... if you like pink floyd . but when i imported it into my itunes music library - something did not work . the song cut off half way through . so i get half of the song . i am not happy . i thought that maybe i should have download the mp3 from amazon when i bought the cd - but there doe not appear to be a way to do that now , i buy a lot of music and book from amazon - but this is leaving a bad impression .
0	according to the liner note for dear mr sinatra the foundation for this latest john pizzarelli cd is ... song that were written for frank sinatra .... a a result , this premise give u some rarer song and eliminates the more usual suspect . you will still find witchcraft , how about you and nice and easy amongst other familiar title but how often do you find ring a ding ding , i see you face before me and yes , sir that is my baby in an album these day ? but wait . yes , sir that is my baby ? that wa written in 1925 , and sinatra did not record it until 1966 - so perhaps that wa not written just for him . ok , it is the foundation for the choice of material and not a prerequisite - but if you come up with such a good idea why not stick with it ? particularly when sinatra wa one of those few singer who really did have dozen of song written for him . let me say before i go any further , i am a huge fan of john pizzarelli , but quite frankly this latest album is something of a disappointment . i find john more at home with a small group of instrumentalist behind him . however in view of the choice of material it wa understandable to go for the clayton-hamilton jazz orchestra . sadly some of the arrangement ( mostly by john clayton ) either seem too brash or at worse empty . you feel that the whole project wa rushed through to the extent that i found the balance of vocal and orchestra quite puzzling on some track . i can salvage a few track that i will play over - ring a ding ding , i see you face before me / in the wee small hour , can not we be friend and the last dance , ( again liner note writer please take note : cahn & van heusens song is called the last dance not last dance ) . but with a total running time of just over 39 minute this cd is not great value . if you have not encountered john pizzarelli before , i would beg you not to start with this album . instead try the rare delight of you recorded with george shearing .
0	every time i attempted to download , the song did not come through and i lost my money . i would not recommend trying it unless you have plenty of time to keep trying , or the money to lose .
0	i bought this song to add to a road trip playlist . i personally hate country music , but my buddy is a huge fan so i added it for him
0	it take a lot for me to rate something at 1 star . in this case i wish there wa a minus-star system . this song lack any semblance of creativity nor display any discernable musical ability . all this equates to an entirely nauseating experience .
0	whoever told this person that she could sing is a cruel heartless individual . not only is she tone deaf not talented and annoying , she actually sound like she is trying . id hate to hear what she sound like on an off day . i think this music wa meant for prisoner of war that are meant to go through psychological torture . please , do yourself a favor do not listen to this album or anything else by this artist . i guarantee that you will lose some respect for where music is heading in our time if you do . i am forced to give this only one star and that in my opinion is very generous a i do not even think it is worthy of review . i only do this to warn my fellow music lover .
0	uninspiring . bought it for the los lonely boy version of born on the bayou but even that is lackluster .
0	song cut off about 3/4 of the way through
0	yuck . supposed to be a pop album , i get that . but this is awful pop . sorry , grace . the only song worth a listen is empty heart . it may only sound good because the rest of the album is so poor .
0	enjoyed only one song , toe
0	not the version it wa supposed to be .
0	sorry to bum people out but the vocal just ruin this , if you could call them vocal . it sound like some one mumbling some spoken word under water or outside of the house when i listen to this on my great home stereo . it would have been a better release if they just left the vocal or mumbling off . this sound like other darkwave/ambient work , lycia is the closest comparison except lycia music is well made . sorry for the low rating but i doubt this will get much play again and i have a wide variety of taste , i rarely exclude anything .
0	only play through medium player hooked to the internet which tell me this is an illegal copy
0	first of all , this album is mostly a bunch of out-takes that were not worth releasing when they were recorded . it ha been in my library for decade now and while there are some major talent represented here , i would never choose anything from this album to showcase those talent . probably better for the opportunity to check out the group you have never heard before . by the way , tony ( t.s . ) mcphee wa a more-than-marginal brit bluesman whose band the groundhog backed john lee hooker on a tour and one album . edit : please check the two comment attached for further discussion , especially since people found this post vague .
0	double purchase due to her song listed by album instead of singully !
0	if he were not the son of his dad ... a third listening will not be necessary . sorry folk , i have been listening to the latest recording by kyle eastwood twice with an open mind . the least i can say is : do not waste your time nor your money . this is smooth jazz for vip on a yacht ( cocktail party , etc .. ) . no thought down here . though they worked hard to release this record , the music is not essential whatsoever . but they dared ! omg ! the musician are ok but this is not serious ( or too serious , it depends on the perspective ) . some melody are good though .. but the record is not worth it 5 star ( hence my reaction to write this little review ooposite to the other one ... ) . if you want to hear the inspiration of these cat , better turn to lee morgan and all the blue note recording ( my gentle side ) . or maybe roy hargrove ... now if you are keen to listening to david sanborn , kenny g ( my evil side ) , that might be a good deal for you . after all , it depends on your taste , which i will not question ... i reckon , some people might like it . i do not , really ... the music here is too light , too ... the british musician kyle selected for this french session ( recorded at la buissonne ) are unknown to me ( on tenor sax , trumpet , piano and drum ) ... but honestly , if you want to listen to great bass player , why not turn to richard davis , michael formanek , franois moutin ( in the last rudresh mahanthappa recording ) ... of course , this is different ... here it is just for fun in summer ( you know , when the kid are running to and fro and you can not stop them from yelling ... this music will calm them down ) . or a lovely atmosphere when your guest are swimming in your pool , while you are getting the drink ready . well , skip it if you can . sorry kyle . i wish i could love it , but i can not . i am happy you enjoyed recording this one though .
0	this song did not download to my amazon mp3 file where is my song and how can i listen to it on my iphone thank you
0	this is not the version that you are looking for . have not found the version sung on ondine yet . dang it !
0	this song sound like alot of other club song that we have heard before and jennifer lopezs vocal are very weak . it is obvious that so many special effect have been added to pump up her vocal that the overall sound is overproduced . the lyric and rap solo are repetitive and dumb and overall the effect is not good at all . jlo should just stick to being a judge on american idol and leave the real singing to the many more talented signer that are out there : mariah carey , lady gaga , rihanna , jennifer hudson , mary j. blige - just to name a few .
0	amazon ... please stop placing this song over and over when i am hold . hearing the same song is frustratingly annoying , especially when i have issue with my amazon order . it make it further worse when listening to it on the phone at 16kb with heavy static .
0	it did not download correctlyand now i am not going to try it again , it wa free so no loss no gain
0	this is not the version with wanya morris a the description indicates . this need to be removed or relabeled , false advertising .
0	one of my favorite hymn . i use it with my devotion often .
0	i am really disappointed with this cd . i just could not come to grip with the latin flavor . do not get me wrong i enjoy latin jazz/music but not from bob . this is a long way from his standing tall cd and any other . i listened to this online and i am so glad that i did not buy it . maybe next time bob .
0	favourite band , awesome track , water-logged sleeve . i received this a gift , which i much appreciated , but due to a lack of a $ 0.001 plastic cover , it look like it wa dragged onto the beach at normandy . it took forever to arrive , which would not be an issue , but since i am here writing a review .... no forever !
0	not a great song , unfortunately .
0	awful music
0	hearing the song is infuriating every time i have to call amazon customer service
0	love new music and new boyz song is hot tiec tocc and the pac rock check them out and new boyz keep jerkin
0	not my type of music
0	this wa awful . i had to pay a shipping fee to pick it up from the post office due to insufficient fund when it wa mailed to me even though i already paid amazon the required shipping nd handling fee . on top of that i thought this wa the audio of the book by john steinbeck . instead it wa some type of awful band . the cd came in a cracked case with a note written by a child who wa so happy that i took this cd off her hand and it wa sent with some profanity within her letter a well . i would encourage everyone not to order anything from this seller .
0	i can not tell if this is an album of 10 different , or unique song or one long track , and a crappy one at that .. wasted $ $ more crap from pharrell williams , who seems to think that happy wa a success so it groove and time must be repeated endlessly ...
0	i hope nobody continues to buy this , because lana will not get a penny from it , because it is not an official release . when you buy this , you are basically giving your money to some random people who decided to take almost every song she is ever done and throw them on 2 disc in no particular order , and then make custom artwork for it . and then title it greatest hit ( should it really be called that , this release is mostly random album track ) . just buy her album . she will probably get an actual single compilation in a few year .
0	not the original .
0	sound quality wa okay . the arrangement wa different than the original a performed by aaron jeffrey . having learned the original version i wa unable to use this performance track a some of the note and rhythm are enough different to require a complete do over on learning the song . a do over i did not have time for . perhaps if i had not already learned another arrangement it would have been different .
0	my band decided to start covering this ridiculous pseudo disco excuse for a song so i bought the long version . big mistake , i should have bought the radio edit and prevented myself from having to sing the whole thing .
0	love chante but the album is awful ! i only could get into 2 song . i thought this album wa personal ? the music , and lyric do not agree . i expected heartfelt ballad , and raw emotion . needle to say boy wa i wrong ! cmon chante . i know you can deliver better music than this .
0	i wa really excited for this album . after the self titled album i thought they would found their way , but i wa wrong . this sound like a more piano driven version of something geoff tate would do except his vocal would be awful . it ha all the trademark of his work over the past decade and a half ; a bunch of ballad , slow uninteresting and forgettable music , no hook , no particular tone nor emotional connection to the listener , no consideration a to what the fan would want to hear , bad lyric . i may be forgetting something but you get the idea . ok so what is wrong with this album ? well for starter there is nothing memorable about this album . it is seriously painful to try to listen to front to back when there is absolutely nothing catching my attention . there are a bleep ton of ballad . the album ha to be a minimum of half ballad if not more . now look dream theater ha some amazing ballad in their catalog , usually an exception rather than the rule especially once kevin more left but still they have had some amazing one , but none of these are on the same level a any of those classic song and frankly they have not written a great ballad in a long time , a couple decent one over the past decade but none have been great . then there is the whole rock opera thing . i guess that is a genre some people like but i absolutely hate it , though in fairness this is my first and it is exactly what i think of when i hear the term . another reviewer already stated some of this music sound like disney music and it so doe especially the overly bubbly happy chorus to one of the few semi better constructed song on disc 1 , towards the end but i forget it name . what happened to the song structure ? dream theater use to be a band that would give you an album of 7 to 9 song clocking in at about 75 minute . i will admit some of those song could use some trimming especially on train of thought , but that is the style most fan have gotten use to , and thered be something incredible on every album . not here . we get a bunch of 3 and 4 minute , at most , song with several 1 and 2 minute track thrown in there , and they do not even construct them properly . take a 3 1/2 minute song they will have a 1 1/2 minute intro and leave about 2 minute to dedicate to the actual song , if it ever get going . this album is also a heavily jordan featured album . i have said it before he is the worst thing to ever happen to dream theater . i hate the man a a musician with everything that i am . i am tired of his circus music , boring piano piece and nonsensical and unnecessary contribution to the band . he wa fine on scene from a memory and hit and miss on 6 degree but he is been awful ever since . i really hope these guy do not become the new 1999-2012 queensryche cause while i enjoyed making fun of them it really came from a place of sadness , witnessing a once great band become a waste of anything involved in the making , producing and listening to of any of their album . i do not want that to become these guy . already this is the worst album of 2016 for me . i do not care what else is released . already this year we have had album by megadeth-a good album , and primal fear-so so but better than this . this thing is seriously so bad i listened to kiss after , mother you know what kiss ! ! that is how terible this is that anything kiss ha ever done , even their most silly cheesy uninteresting or over the top song is still better than this trash . i would rather listen to in flame siren charm . yes it is an awful attempt at mainstream radio rock from a band that should not attempt it but it had 2 good song and wasnt 2 disc and over 30 track . heck the bonus track were even ok. heck i would rather listen to q2k , mindcrime 2 , and american soldier many time over before hearing this again . heck even dedicated to chaos had 1 ok song . there is absolutely nothing on here that is any good . 3 song ; a better life , a life left behind and moment of betrayal are ok a in if they were the weakest song on an album of actual good song they would be worth listening enough that you would not need to skip them . oh and this is really a john petrucci solo album not a dream theater album , much like q2k-dedicated to chaos are geoff tate solo album . this is not good and no one should ever have this in their collection for nay reason ever . but listen to it before you buy it . if you like it then by all mean get it but be sure to listen to the whole thing first . oh and def leppards self titled album is also better which is just sad . if you want a good prog metal album pick up anything by symphony x especially their 2 most recent album . now that is a band that can show off their talent and write good song . in closing this album make me angry . it should not i suppose but it doe . this is one of the worst album i have ever heard a band i like put out and i will not support this garbage .
0	super annoying cricket chirp non stop .... did not enjoy this at all ... same loop over and over again . i would not encourage people to buy this .
0	taylor swift attitude ha really made me stop buying her music . sorry , not sorry .
0	i did not realize this wa different than the one i hear on the radio - do not know why thay bothered when they had a great song and this version took the power out of the regular version just so he could cuss . it will be a while before i would get another of their song - it would really have to be something special . i will erase it from my library because the music wa ruined , not by the word but the terrible music quality .
0	poor signing , poor bass playing , poor drum , poor keyboard playing and poor guitar solo , many of my friend are better that this , no emotion , no performance and the sound is just like a garage band on a 4 track . not recommanded a far a i am concerned .
0	never ordered this ! wow !
0	this cd should be titled tropical music with other percussion . the music is good , but not what i expected by the title . guitar is what you get mostly ( 80-85 % ) and when the steel drum finally come it is overshadowed by guitar . a far a caribbean i would say not so much , more hawaiian . a a tropical cd you will not be disappointed , but if you are looking for steel drum it is not here , not one song is exclusively steel drum .
0	joe ha the comedic value of a child with stage 4 cancer . he epitomizes the word hack . i have seen open mikers that look like old dice clay compared to this clown . do not waste your money or time on anything joe derosa is involved in unless you want to be in a bad mood for the rest of your life . hail cumia !
0	only a quarter of the music on this album is from fallout . the rest is from the $ 5 dollar bin at walmart . i suggest you buy the song separately or not at all . this is totally unofficial .
0	cd did not even work got ripped off everybody know do not buy cd on here
0	i bought dylan christmas in the heart cd today . i have not bought a cd in 2 or 3 year . the concept of dylan singing christmas carol seemed unusual , so i thought i would give it a listen . is it possible to create one of the best album of all time ( blood on the track ) & one of the worst ? not only is this christmas cd/album unusual , it could be one of the worst album of all time . you can not play it around little kid , i think they would be scared & start cry . my ear hurt listening to it . it may even cause bleeding in the aural canal . it is not just disappointing , but it is historically bad . if you did not know it wa dylan singing , you might think is wa william huang of american idol infamy or a drunk uncle who smoked too much & sang into a tape recorder . this is from a context of me liking much , but not all , of dylan stuff . i think love & theft from about 5 year ago is great . dylan cith cd badness is of historical magnitude . i listen to it because it is so unbelievably bad , perhaps like slowing down on a highway to get a better look at a fatal car crash . all proceeds go to charity , so at least something good is coming out of this project . merry christmas to all & best wish for 2010 .
0	just not what i want to hear at any time of the year . i guess you get what you pay for .
0	there is something seriously wrong with this recording . i downloaded one song and it ha a lot of interference or static -- a if the instrument were too close to the microphone -- or something even more drastic . you can hear how bad the clip is on the rose ( & probably other cut -- i wa too pained to listen longer ) .
0	that is terrible i am sorry should be the title of this double cd from joe derosa , but then if you have ever listened to his comedy or him speak long-form on radio or podcasts , it is him in a nutshell ... just kind of meandering and not really going anywhere , while sounding like a whiny ex girlfriend who just want to be liked but can not help but being annoying and pushing people away and burning all her bridge . i get the sense joe cared more about what his black friend would think than of actually putting out some honest comedy that spoke to the audience . i rather listen to my arminian neighbor across the hall try to tell me knock-knock joke in his native language than attempt to hear any of this derosa comedy . this cd is likely some of the worst material ever recorded onto a bit of plastic and i get the impression that i have heard it before - from all the not funny coworkers i have ever worked with who are trying to get laugh but just obnoxious and everyone hate .
0	reznor record himself sitting on his keyboard .... shuffle his buttock around a bit .... and then sell it .....
0	worth the price i guess
0	the story are read too fast with no ups and down in the tone . hard for our 4 year old to understand .
0	i have gotten the chance to listen to only a small portion of the cd and that wa in my car . i had to turn the volume to maximum in order to be able to hear the quieter portion of the swedish rhapsody no . 1. i am not talking about real pianissimo here ( listen to the beginning of rachmaninov isle of the dead for some of that ) , just that anything shy of double forte could not be heard at normal volume setting . a a result , i am in no position to judge the performance or arrangement .
0	a a die-hard rick springfield fan from the 80 i wa eager to get this album . the song are well done and the music is very nice , but rick voice sound like he is smoked way too much for way too long . a little rapsy is one thing , but this album sound like he wa choking the whole time . i am sorry i bought it and am thinking of reselling it . i could not even listen to the whole cd without being annoyed at the crackle of his voice . it almost doe not even sound like him . sorry , rick .
0	i first saw josh groban when he performed time to say goodbye with sarah brightman on her 2000 la luna concert tour and wa so excited when he came out with an album of his own . i have seen him twice in concert and own all of his album , but this one is total crap . dog crap , on the bottom of my shoe crap . i am so beyond disappointed with this and i want my money back .
0	i do not write review for album very often because everyone ha a different taste in music so to each his/her own . i signed up for the pre-purchase of this album and wa so excited this morning when it streamed down to my device . i could not wait to drive to work and hear some new amy lee ( i wa very aware of the fact that this is not an evanescence cd ) . what i am left with is a solid wha ? ? ? i am at a loss . this album is so bad that i am thinking of using it to punish my 9 year old son when he get in trouble by putting headphone on him and making him listen to the whole thing . when you have someone a talented a amy lee do something a horrible a this it really make me shake my head in disbelief . why oh why would she do this to her career . ( shaking head and walking away )
0	one need listen to nothing else other than rockin the man in the boat to fully realize what an absolute perverted creep mike love is .... purchase for entertainment value only . it is pure rubbish .
0	i like the song fine , but i tried two time to get the recording to download properly . it skip all the way through . sorry , me no likey .
0	there is only one good song on this album . we were extremely disappointed . after the 1st song , the remainder of the song are extremely twangy .
0	a long time fan , we received illumination for christmas and were excited to listen to it . after reading some of the review here , we can tell that we are not alone in being le than pleased . the josh groban voice is still fantistic ; however , the unusual arrangement and the frequent use of falsetto did not capitalize on his fantistic voice .
0	made a mistake on this version ( jazz ) ...
0	we have followed the blink for year . we have all previous cd and like them all . we feel , after listening to it many time , that it is far below their other offering . we do not know what they were thinking . california ? we live in pa and could care le about la or san diego . the guy need to explain this sad mess to their dedicated fan . many of the song sound a if they took a large sampling of their previous work , threw them in a blender and poured it out a this cd . sad , very sad . buyer , beware !
0	i thought this wa what wa played on the radio year ago . i soon found out it wa a strange version with talking so i deleted it from my file and bought the original version .
0	obviously a bootleg . terrible sound quality , a if from nth-generation tape ( one cut is an lp dub , complete with surface noise ) . stick to legit compilation , e. g. look thru the eye of roy wood : best of the jet year & beyond .
0	i loved the first flyleaf album . it wa a balanced mixture of rock with angst , questioning , and religious overtone . the christian influence wa there but subtle , serving a a background for the music to unfold . i respect people faith and the influence it ha on their work . but i have seen the interview where lacey is touting they are a rock band , not a christian rock band . so not true . this is rock music with in-your-face jesus lyric . beautiful bride , body of christ end with the hallelujah chorus . you can not get more openly christian rock band than a lead track like that . i am christian . i understand faith . i just appreciate honesty . this is a christian rock band , no longer just with hint of influence , but straight up revival music . i would have liked to have known before i bought the album . shame on me for believing the interview .
0	do not trust those third party retailer bro , they do not want you to have lunch . to make a long muthafuckin story short i bought this from another retailer for a significantly lower price and ended receiving the wrong edition . stay woke
0	a far a i know , i did not order this book . i am wondering why it ha shown up on my account . i do not even know who harry nilsson is . can i just not rate this item at all ?
0	passenger let her go ha some deep and meaningful lyric , but i just could not get past the singer voice . i am all for quirky vocalist that do not fit the tradional mold , but i just could not get into the guy voice .
0	listening to this song is just unpleasant . i have tried to give it the benefit of the doubt but i simply can not understand why people seem to like it so much . the music is boring and almost every line of the song start with i want a girl then list some shallow or unreasonable standard . i am not a feminist , or even a girl , but i felt like jerk just hearing it . maybe this is because i do not know anything about chuck but that would just mean nostalgia which doe not excuse anything . sorry , i am not here to upset anyone but it is only my opinion .
0	i have read jonah hex for decade . this movie is jonah hex in name only . i agree 100 % with the reviewer said the closest you can come to jonah hex would be to watch the outlaw josey well with clint eastwood . clint would have been perfect to play jonah if it wa made around the same time a josey . i recently saw batman : under the red hood which had a jonah hex animated short on the dvd and it wa so much better than the movie .
0	unfortunately we have not been a impressed with this cd a much a lunatic . that is our favorite one .
0	what happened to these guy ? i am a fan of the crow , but after such a long time away i would have expected more . i did not write this review right away ; i waited a while and went back over and over to listen to the album . i still can not get into it and i really do not think there is anything memorable here .
0	when i heard dt wa going to put together a 2 disc rock opera about a dystopian future i thought two thing : 1 ) dt is attempting to realize some sort of 2112 fantasy and 2 ) recording 2 full disc of good , let alone great material , is incredibly difficult and there are going to be some dead spot across the album . not only are there dead spot but most of the 2 disc affair is barren of any memorable melody , lyric , or solo . the album is simply dull . i feel like i am hearing the same song start over and over again a i work my way through 2+ hour of material . so while i wa not expecting a masterpiece , i did not think the album would be this poor and tedious . however , for those who enjoy a jordan rudess dominated album , this is the album for you . there is plenty of ragtime , circus music and repetitive piano intro throughout to delight your ear . this is easily myungs most uninspired performance . jm could have been replaced by a generic studio musician to achieve this level of bass playing which is buried behind a wall of dull , overwrought keyboard and guitar part . sadly this album rival systematic chaos for worst dt album ever recorded , albeit for very different reason . at least sc wa a cohesive , succinct songwriting effort whereas the astonishing is anything but . i will write this off a an aberration , assume they got this out of their system , and look forward to the next album . this will be the first dt tour i miss since the mid-90s .
0	seriously this sound like bad karaoke of all the song on the set . if you have heard any of the original , itll make you wince because it sound quite like a robbery , not just cover of the original . most of the song sound like really bad version by a generic cover band , yet trying to sing and play in the same style and effect ( but fails ) , with no added interpretation or putting a different spin on them . some example : the river , originally by & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/joni-mitchell/dp/b000002kbu/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > joni mitchell < /a > , but sung and played like the version by the band & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/travis/dp/b0000vv41s/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > travis < /a > , make you wan na skip this version and hear that version . i had not even heard the & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/elvis/dp/b000002w8o/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > elvis < /a > & nbsp ; song , santa bring my baby back ( to me ) but it is just such a blatant ripoff , that you can hear in your mind elvis ( or a vega impersonator ) singing it instead . i am sure if anybody wa going to cover that song , it would be better by & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/the-reverend-horton-heat/dp/b000arwijo/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > the reverend horton heat < /a > , or even & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/dread-zeppelin/dp/b000003rdr/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > dread zeppelin < /a > , if they ever did it . happy xmas ( war is over ) add nothing to the & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/john-lennon/dp/b005bcnsf6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > john lennon < /a > & nbsp ; original , better a an example for an interpretation is the version by & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/the-alarm/dp/b000001j6m/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > the alarm < /a > . oh yeah , and the cover of 2000 mile , originally by & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/the-pretenders/dp/b000001j70/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > the pretender < /a > , is just an insult , especially for anyone who ha ever seen them live . truly , i tried to like at least one song on this album , but honestly , it is really not even * that * good , so skip it unless you are a dyed-in-the-wool fan of train , and must have it , and/or just because you live on the train track . : )
0	the music is good , his voice is still that lovable , scratchy drawl , but there is something different ... the lyric are awful . this is his second album from his born-again christian stage . leave this one alone , skip it , do not even bother with it , unless you can completley ignore the lyric and focus soley on the music and his voice . what god ha given u , no man can take away - precious angel . arghh ! go to blood on the track , or blonde on blonde . some older stuff . leave this alone .
0	being flemish myself i know how little my own language ha changed the people singing here do not the first thing about it , and think they are singing german , by the way not the same thing . if you are looking for real flemish medieval song , this would not be it , the song are ok not to great a far a medieval music go , yet it is entertaining . i would say learn flemish if you are going to sing it please so i can actually understand you when you sing . i othere then that if you do not care about being able to understand then i guess you will like it
0	absolutely terrible ; mass produced , r & b type high pitched singing , this dude is so annoying . the theory is he is still relevant because his fan base think there special by listening to this garbage . rapping cupcake , he is a lil debbie of the rap game ! !
0	let me start by saying i really like this band and their music . however , i wa unbelievably disappointed with this cd . coming from an audio engineering background ( albeit 25 year ago ) i wa appalled with the audio quality of this recording . i wa first introduced to the band by watching festival performance and a headliner concert on palladia . i asked for the cd for christmas since i liked just about everything i had heard from them up to this point . i put the cd in my car and pushed play expecting to be rocking out in no time . i really thought someone had borrowed my car and blown my speaker . even with the bass turned waaay down , it is distorted almost to the point of unlistenability if that is a word ( if not , it should be ) . i wish i had looked at these review before asking for it . i will stick to listening to them on live performance where the audio is not tricked out in such a horrible way . i saw in a former review that this wa intentional by the producer . i hope these review have been seen by him and i hope he realizes the mistake .
0	did not really care for it . sorry .
0	not what i wa expecting .
0	i expected susan boyle to belt it out . i could barely hear her . what is all the fuss about ?
0	i do not know what this crap is - but it is not the song i know and love . same lyric , same band - but not the same song . see other review - it is right ! please get the good version ! the mp3 is available on the napoleon dynamite soundtrack - so we know it is out there . what a waste of $ $ $ this one is !
0	this album cover gave the appearance that it wa by alabama , the country singer . it is definitly not ! i do not care for this album at all ! ! ! it is loud and noisy !
0	what is this ? ? ? ? i do not remember purchasing this
0	decent i suppose
0	this is the countyrish verision , not what play on the radio . ok but not great if you do not like twang .
0	there ha honestly been no question about the lackluster reaction mariah carey ha drove in with memoris of an imperfect angel . the song here on the album have not really been the strongest of her career , and she ha not had that chart-strength she had shown from her past , and that ha sadly shown with other diva like beyonce , rihanna , and the dynamic return of whitney houston dominating the music scene . mariah ha not shown that well with her last single , her cover of foreigner i want to know what love is , which did not even crack the top 40. now , her latest single , h.a.t.e.u. , the third single from her album is very weak , and try to bring in a more simplistic feeling to her voice . unfortunately , i wasnt appealed into the song , and it wasnt like the ballad she used to score with like dreamlover and through the rain . it really wa one of the weaker track from the album . i think mariah should really try harder to deliver a more wide-appealing album when she doe get around to it , because she really took a huge tumble on memoir . hopefully , she will and hard core fan will be awaiting something better than this . song : d+
0	so so
0	the rock and roll is gone from this offering . they have moved to a pop sound . i am not a fan of this new style . i much prefer the old 3dd with a hard edge to the rock song . you will not find that on this album . i am disappointed .
0	record wa warped .
0	were not a good a i remembered after all . i wa sad i bought the album . waste of money
0	ok .
0	just listening to the sample i can tell this music is crap . this band is kind of like daft punk if they overused auto-tune and had no talent . this album is track after track of repetitive and shrill noise and represents everything that suck about electronic music . i would not pick up this album is amazon paid me 3.99 .
0	this is not the original version of midnight at the oasis ! i listened to midnight at the oasis back in the 70 . this version is maria but she sound about 20 year older .
0	my story first go back to 2001 where i first heard to where you are on the radio . needle to say , i wasnt a fan straight away , but when you are loved came out , i became a diehard fan , even calling myself a grobanite . if your going to buy a josh groban album , i suggest you get closer it is one of my favorite . this album however is not . from the subpar performance that josh ha done , to the lackluster album , where note are forced , and painfull to listen to , this album lack in so many way it is not even funny . even his awake wa much better then this . the album lack in songwriting , for me , if i do not relate to the lyric of a song , it doe not click for me and i do not like it . none of the lyric make sence on this album . with february song that wa a hit . none of this song are hit miterial . second of all thing can not be done in just one take . it might sound impressive to most , but not here . there is no emotion , no passion nor feeling when he is singing at all . a word of advice josh , go back to your classical rutes , no more experimenting , it is over . go back to making music with david foster , and leave the songwriting up to the expert . i unfortunately will not be seeing josh on tour with this album like i have done in the past . i am hoping that this is not the future of many josh album to come , because if it is , i will be getting off the josh groban train .
0	pretty cheesey song . the marine deserve better ! it sound like something that wa written while on the toilet ! still like toby !
0	his singing on this album really is not like his singing on tv . i really wanted to like this album but i like a little blues/country in my rock-n-roll and this just did not appeal to me . i really like his voice so i hope future release are more to my taste .
0	this misguided young lady recently offered lillo brancato , who wa recently released from prison a role in an upcoming video . lillo who wa famous for his role in a bronx tale is now infamous for his part in committing a burglary with his friend that resulted in his friend shooting and killing off duty nypd police officer daniel enchautegui . detective daniel enchautegui wa shot and killed when he interrupted a burglary in progress while off-duty . detective enchautegui had just returned home after finishing a late shift when he heard breaking glass in the house next door to his . he called 911 to report a possible burglary in progress . he then grabbed his off-duty 9mm weapon , put his police shield around his neck so he would not be mistaken for a suspect by responding officer and went outside to investigate . a detective enchautegui waited for back-up unit , two suspect emerged from the rear of the location . detective enchautegui drew his weapon and identified himself a a police officer by yelling police , do not move in both english and spanish . one of the men turned on detective enchautegui with a .357 caliber handgun in hand and opened fire , striking detective enchautegui once in the chest , piercing his heart . despite being mortally wounded , detective enchautegui wa able to return fire , firing all eight round from his weapon , striking one suspect twice and the other suspect six time . officer responding to the scene apprehended both suspect a they were attempting to flee and recovered the weapon used to kill detective enchautegui . detective enchautegui wa taken to jacobi medical center where he died from his wound . in november 2008 one suspect wa convicted of aggravated murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole . the second suspect ( brancato ) wa acquitted of murder charge , and found guilty of attempted burglary detective enchautegui wa posthumously promoted from police officer to detective on december 14 , 2005 by the police commissioner . on june 15 , 2006 , he wa posthumously awarded the new york city police department medal of honor . detective enchautegui had served with the new york city police department for three year , and wa assigned to the 40th precinct in the bronx .
0	production : 4/8 lyric : 4/8 content : 4/8 enjoyment : 4/8 o.n.i.f.c . is a boring album with a repetitive sound and irrelevant content , wiz khalifa doe nothing to heighten the enjoyment a his flow and delivery is lazy and uninteresting . the production consists of a laid back and chill vibe with a slow bpm . the sound is very cohesive and it transition well but the track come off repetitive and not attention grabbing ; only the neptune track catch the ear . wiz khalifa delivers a decent but rather lazy performance , literally talking about that same ol jazz : marijuana , money , lavish living . there is a little bit of meaning but that is essentially muffled by the excessive irrelevance . boring and uninteresting .
0	this song is very aggressive and not easy on my ear . i absolutely adore jennifer lopez , but when i wa buying this song , i did not get to hear preview - my bad . there is another super-wonderful song on this album di me porque lloras ... de felicidad - i wish i purchased that one , instead . that other song is brilliant , sensual and touching . i love jennifer lopez . i am very much like her , just not puerto rican : )
0	are you kidding me ? susan boyle , is a nice lady i am sure . but an artist , a singer , a star .... no ! here note are wobbly , and pitchy at best , her phrasing is nothing interesting or smart . and i feel nothing more listening to her than i would at a decent karaoke performance . do not be sucked into the hype and help simon cowell make any more money ... be smart and listen with your ear to great singer . linda eder , barbra , ella , eden espinosa , kiri takanawa ... those are artist !
0	i would like to first say that i am giving this record just a little bit over two star because there are some track that are worth listening to but for the most part , it is edm garbage , recycled beat , clichd lyric . i think katy perry is a very talented performer , her last record had some very good song ( firework , teenage dream , circle the drain , hummingbird heartbeat ) , and this record really lack the consistency of her previous record . this record attempt to jump around genre and it just doe not work because their is no coherence , it is just one song after the next , not an album . i think perry best song on this record are the one that are the most cerebral and personal . perry herself stated that she wa sick of mainstream pop music and that she would abandon it following this album and tour , i can see why with the catastrophe this record is and the fact that all pop music ha become very derivative and boring . here a track by track review : 1. roar 7/10 - a fairly good single , very radio friendly , catchy , the lyric are uplifting and chorus is energetic . unfortunately , the lyric while very uplifting and positive are very clichd and derivative . the ending of the chorus if very annoying with the tremolo like oh oh oh . it is a good lead off single but it is misleading because the rest of the record bares little resemblance to this song . this song contains some real instrumentation while the remainder of the album is mostly electronic . 2. legendary lover 7/10 - the electronic beat are very boring , the chorus is catchy , the lyric are good but the vocal lack until the chorus rip around . this is another track that could be improved to be a breakout hit . i feel that this is one of the stronger track even though it receives the same score a roar . 3. birthday 5/10 - i heard the funky groove and soulful vocal and i thought this would be a hit . it turn out the lyric are very bad , nothing but stereotypical birthday lyric . the chorus is catchy but i just can not take it seriously . the instrumentation is a sigh of relief but i think the lyric and vocal ruin this song . 4. walking on air 7/10 - this is very edm influenced , the beat is catchy , the lyric are clichd but they work , the vocal are strong enough to carry the song . the chorus is catchy but the lyric are bland and lack originality . i enjoy the song only because the production is excellent , the vocal are good , and the beat is catchy . 5. unconditionally 9/10 - the best track on the record , it is a very emotional the lyric are very personal , the beat is a little boring but once the chorus come around it becomes a powerhouse . the lyric are a little forced but i think the vocal force make it work . it is the best song on the record but still it could use a little work . 6. dark horse 2/10 - horrible song after a great song , the beat is so cheap , the production is poor . the little sound effect are very annoying , perry vocal just do not work with this style of hip-hop music . it is just a boring song . 7. this is how we do 4/10 - not a good song , the lyric are poor at best , it is very clichd and derivative . the chorus feature very monotonous vocal and just becomes very irritating . this song while ha a catchy beat lack emotion and intelligence . 8. international smile 6/10 - reminds me a bit of hummingbird heartbeat , the beat is very similar , the little guitar riff is similar , it is a catchy tune with a powerhouse chorus . the vocal are very good on this track but personally , when a song sound so close to another song but fails to recapture the original magic , i tend to not enjoy it and go back to the original . 9. ghost 5/10 - another mid tempo track , the lyric are personal again but they lack the power from unconditionally . the beat is annoying in the verse , the chorus is catchy but fails to impress compared to some of the other chorus on the record . 10. love me 6/10 - the beat is quick , the lyric are cerebral which is a plus , the start of the song is great , i really enjoy it , the lyric are not a clich a some of the other song on the record but the chorus is just bad . it resembles too closely the verse , the vocal are too similar and really add no power . listen for the verse , it is not something you do too much in pop music nowadays . 11. this moment 6/10 - sound like something daft punk would do , the lyric are not good but they are not bad . the beat is catchy , the verse build up well to a fairly powerful chorus . it is one of those song that if you are into anything that ha a good beat , then you will like it . if your searching for something more original then this track might not do it for you . 12. double rainbow 4/10 - boring song , the lyric are not too bad but are just so full of clichs . the chorus is not that great , the verse are boring , it is just not a good song . 13. by the grace of god 9/10 - another great track , start with a soft piano , the lyric are cerebral and personal , the vocal are emotional and heartfelt , powerful song . the perfect amount of vocal effect are added , the production is beautiful , it is a great song . the chorus should not be electronic thought , it should be an acoustic guitar and maintain that personal identity . that is the only downfall of the song . great lyric in the chorus , the electronics are not necessary . this record is a mixed bag , there is a lot of filler , about three really good song but overall this album lack the coherence of teenage dream and doe not live up to some of the better pop release . i will admit that i listen to mostly metal music but i do enjoy every genre of music for what it is . i talk a lot about derivative beat and clichs because those are the quirk that annoy me the most and i feel that this record us so much that ha already been done . if you enjoy it , that is fine , good for you . i would not recommend this anybody but hardcore katy perry fan because i think itll keep them happy enough until she put out some really good music . enjoy , or do not , whatever float your boat .
0	i will never buy from northstar or daewoo again . i had this player unpacked for a while before starting it up , so unfortunately i can not return it . it only work for about 30 minute before it stop , start reloading , sound dy , or doe something else bizarre . it doe not respond to the remote , and i have to power down to try and finish the dvd i am watching .
0	i have no idea why this is in my order for the simple reason i never ordered it !
0	this is not going to keep you in the business . compared to your first cd , this one is ... le than buyable , but i had to buy it because i have to help keep you in the game . you have talent and the ablity to make very good music . the only song i can listen to on this cd more than once is free . i still have your last cd in my jeep . i hope you have another chance . get back to lyric that make you think and can relate to . and please leave the stale sound behind you . get back to the cigarette , mistake , fear , love and heart of life .
0	always loved it , until i listened to the word . infidelity abounds ! !
0	this download wa rather loud and sound a bit distorted . =/ if you can find a better version somewhere i recommend avoiding this one .
0	this is not music . this is just bogus noise ! this album along with all the others i have heard from this so called artist is trash rap . nothing on this come close to being labeled real hip hop . i do not recommend this junk to anyone unless your one of the other little young , dumb teen out there who are the only one actually buying this garbage ! not worth a dime , or a penny for that matter ! do not even download this , if it free ! i wa given this cd and now i know why ! no one want this and just life my friend wa getting rid of trash when he gave it to me , i threw this out the window on the freeway .
0	i bought this album and it wa a waste of money . i respect the fact that max ha a lot of pent-up anger ; he ha the soul to be a musician , but he lack any musical prowess . he ha only got four string on his guitar , and those are not even tuned correctly . a a result his music is repetitive and boring ; if you have heard one song you have heard them all . if you want to revel in pain , i would recommend nine inch nail - the downward spiral . if you want music to be angry to , i would recommend slayer - reign in blood . max is nothing more than a big baby with a big amp .
0	caveat emptor ! this is one of the most mind-bogglingly stupid thing i have ever had the misfortune to buy . reader digest ha taken four cd worth of their excellent classical recording and issued them with nature sound overdubbed on top of the music ! waterfall , chirping bird , thunderstorm , etc . nowhere in the packaging is this disfigurement mentioned . i wonder what the shade of charles gerhardt , kenneth wilkerson , douglas gamley , massimo freccia , and the other musician who made the often superb original recording think of this travesty . this would be a zero-star review if amazon permitted it .
0	i have been brian mcknight fan since his first album , i wa waiting on this album for several month with high hope , the only song i found decent wa the uh oh feeling , but that wa released before the album anyways , this album wa very very disappointing to me , but this album should have been called his worse , i love brian so much and cant get over how horrible this is , my name is mrsmusic912 on youtube
0	did not really like the crowd noise during the song . kind of took away from it . love elvis though . thank you
0	omgosh , i do not think tortured dog would be more painful to listen to . for free , i over paid . my deaf aunt in law is not a tone deaf a this song . seriously .
0	if i knew this wa going to be in spanish i would not have bought it , i do not understand what he is saying
0	two star because of the record itself . love elle king - incredible voice and great song . i want this on vinyl so badly . first two record i received are extremely poor quality . both have plastic flashing around outer edge , center hole is barely large enough , and record is warped ! praying third time is the charm !
0	well i listened to this new release hoping to get some insight into the live show mj wa workiing on . in other word i wa very disappointed to find a collection of b-sides and demo . yes the new song is a demo . for the hanger-on this probably will sell but this did not work for me , talk about exploitation , mj is probably rolling in his grave on this release day .
0	the download i got after paying is a corrupt file . my mp3 player give an error message half way in playing . i sent email to amazon customer service . they replied that they allow download only once . so they can not help me ! if you decide to buy , you better pray that nothing bad happens during the download , because you got only one chance . i do not remember exactly how big the file is . must be more than 100mb . here amazon reply in all it official glory : i am sorry to hear that you encountered a problem with relaxing seaside ( nature sound only version ) by nature sound series . amazon mp3 file are only available for download at the time of purchase . we display information about the item you have purchased from the amazon mp3 music downloads store in your medium library so you can keep track of what you have bought and discover similar item that may be available . however , the file are not stored there and can not be downloaded again after purchase .
0	when i think of summer , i think of an upbeat , fun , blissful sound of music . this is not that .
0	at 1st thought the beat wa good ... but wa then very , very shocked at what the song wa really about . another song made in extremely poor taste .
0	do not buy this album ! i am the host of a radio program , and downloaded precious and few for an episode . thanks to great amazon customer service , i wa able to get refunded and downloaded a much better quality release , from the album 70 top 40 .
0	a kardashian could put out a better album , and they probably are more musically inclined than this leech that latched onto brian wilson
0	too much flute . i wanted more english horn . reminded me of elevator music . i would return it if i could .
0	this wa not the song i wa wanting or pulled up , i feel like i wa trick into buying it .
0	i thought i wasa fan of the b-52 from back in the day , but either my memory fails me or my taste ha changed drastically
0	music is not same a on tv
0	i thought this wa a reissue or remaster of the original , but it is a remix by a dj . it list willie bobo in the artist column , so i thought it wa the original . this is the version you would hear while sitting in a hipster joint surrounded by people wearing horn rim glass . this stuff is the new muzak . background noise for people who do not know or care about music . download the original willie bobo or even the santana version if you are a musician or a fan of music . a far a remixes go , there is nothing creative going on . you can get get the same sound by downloading the original and hitting the back arrow on your ipod every few beat to make it repeat a phrase .
0	this release wa issued in the early day of cd production , and the sound quality is very poor : tinny , thin and faint . unless you really need any of these very commercial track ( a a collection it is a very uneven listening experience ) i would suggest giving it a miss .
0	unsuccessful purchase .
0	my download will not sync to my iphone . i have tried everything and every suggestion so far . will never order from amazon again . there are no suggestion on how to fix this . nothing to do with the song , love the song , hate that this doe not work on my iphone . i can hear it on the computer but i want it so i can hear it in my car . would ask for my money back , but doubt that i would get it .
0	this doe not appear to be the original recording of the song . it had a muddy sound , not the crisp electronic song that i remembered . when i went back and looked at amazon gary numan page i found other version of this song , including one from a gary numan album instead of the one in this essential 80 compilation . i downloaded the version from gary numans album and wa much happier with the sound .
0	would have received more star but i could not download it directly to my phone . i do not want multiple music apps on my device . one location for music period .
0	the illustration were not included . so very difficult to follow direction
0	i prefer the studio version ....
0	i would recommend finding a different version to download . i absolutely love this song , it ha good sound quality , but they cut off the entire last word/note ! it drive me crazy and really ruin the track .
0	this is a longer cut of the song than is on the greatest hit album . it finish the song and then announces the next song and then just a they are getting ready to play , it stop . do not get this track alone . only purchase if you are buying the whole album .
0	if i could give zero star i would . downloaded both cd 1 and 2. cd one is great , but the track on cd 2 will not play ! !
0	so so so disappointed . he should not have gone this way ! my daughter laughed !
0	not worth the price : this digital download wa free !
0	first , let me state that i am a huge jackie evancho fan . this album - silver screen - is a big disappointment for me . jackies voice belongs with opera and/or robust broadway type music . she ha a very special and beautiful voice that need to be carefully matched with the right kind of music , and carefully fitted with arrangement that support rather than overpower her voice . i found each and every song on this album to be ... well ... just wrong for her . these tune demand a soft and light voice ; jackie ha a very major and what i call heavy voice . she is beyond wonderful with the right song , but i found her voice did not match the reflection needed for each of these light song . i also found her breathing to be heavy ; not sure why . further , the orchestration wa too much and seemed distracting to me . i am very concerned that ms. evanchos manager are taking her off course . it time to reflect on the incredible gift she ha ; keep her focused on music that her voice is made for . all in all .... please focus jackie on doing the music she is destined for ; do not force it like happened with this album . jackie is not a pop singer ; she ha a unique and special soprano voice that should be allowed to develop along with carefully selected music that warrant her talent .
0	a nice album comprised of 12 track which have already been published under the how-the-west-was-swung series by wr record ( vol . 1 through 10 ) . very little information transpired by the time the album wa announced for release , may be to leave potential buyer under the impression this wa a new album rather than a best-of compilation . if you have bought the wr record series , you do not necessarily need this album .
0	great album , but until amazon fix the intermittent static in the track , do not click buy . unless you liked listening to scratched cd , and miss that lovely hiss ...
0	a mean-spirited rip off by the network to avoid paying and crediting the artist who created this arrangement . support the real spirit of glee by buying the original & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/baby-got-back-in-the-style-of-glee/dp/b00b6lrx5w/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > baby got back ( in the style of glee ) < /a >
0	this album seemed rushed , lacked substance and showed little growth a a artist in my opinion . to me it wa very boring and a lot of song sounded the same . waiting for another phenomenal album like her very first . disappointed .
0	ledisi is le than average ... there , it had to be said ! if hating on this album is wrong , then i ama be wrong . being a good poet doe not always equate to being a good recording artist . she is definitely different than anything else being offered out there now , and i will always give an artist prop for originality , but i am just jaded and expect more for my money . this just doe not move me , sorry .
0	sounded like a mexican band ; not country ; not my style . every song sounded the same ; no variety . if you are looking for country , this is not for you .
0	i wont buy any of her music it not good ! she doe not have any talent ! do not waste your money ! ! !
0	this wa the worst rendition of music that i have ever heard . it is a no name cd ie . it doe not come from any music producer . do not waste your time or money .
0	the crowd cheering drowns out a good part of the actual music ... basically , i could not really here it all that well .
0	i shazamed a track and amazon mp3 took me to this one claiming this wa what i wa looking for . the sample wasnt long enough to really verify so it look like i am out of a dollar . anyway , it a trance track with a very annoying noise the entire duration . it is not the worse thing i have ever heard but i would not voluntarily listen to it again
0	i have no respect for this type of rap music . there is no message , no flow , nothing . it is 100 % image . you could kick a typewriter down a staircase and come up with better rhyme than this fool .
0	this song is awful . way to slow and it the same word over and over again . one star is my rating .
0	i bought a few recording after seeing a tv program featuring this artist . i really enjoyed watching him preform . i did not care for just listening to the recording . for me , the enjoyment come from watching & listening , not just listening .
0	i guess you had to be part of the scene .
0	none
0	disappointing . i am used to the more aggressive sound from neck of the wood or swoon . this doe not have any of the driving power of the other two and is , frankly , annoying . what happened to this band ?
0	i only liked a few song on it . it is nice if you like the slow stuff and lot of it .
0	the smithereens should cool it with the cover song and solo project and get back to being a song-writing group again .
0	jesus music at it worst , this music doe not connect anybody with god , whatever that may be . this is music for the brainwashed.d
0	their previous stuff is much better and i will continue to listen to that and not this . i wasted my $ .
0	this is the second album i have downloaded from amazon that wa clean - yet it wasnt mentioned on the page that the version i wa downloading wa edited . what a waste of money . great album - amazon need to get their crap together unless they want torrent to seem like a better option .
0	the cd wa whack but the video were really good but imna major big fan of neyo
0	i listened to one of her interview and expected it to be jazzy . it wa not . no , i will not recommend it to my friend .
0	mystery - i order this music wa billed for it but never could find it - not downloaded to my computer or that cloud thing - never found it ? ?
0	perhaps adele is just too young to be able to give a bond theme the style & sophistication it requires . many others have tried and failed ( a-ha , tina turner -- yes , i said it ! , sheryl crow , chris cornell ) , but at least adeles previous work ha suggested that if anyone making music today could be conscious enough to pull it off it might be her . however , her articulation alone is what prevents this from taking off at all . skyfoooow & crumbooo simply demonstrate the regal nature she neglected to appraoch a potentially legendary track . it ha nothing to do with her accent , either -- after all shirley bassey is welch ! who should have been tapped for this ? grace jones truly would have sent skyfall into the stratosphere .
0	doll revolution ha one major flaw . only a few of the song showcase susanna hoffs on lead vocal . ( i love to hear her sing . ) if you purchase this album and enjoy hoffs voice , you will be left wanting more . while i applaud the idea of trying something new , it did not work here . the bangle need hoffs on lead vocal . it is just that simple .
0	the song is great , but this digital download is only part of the song . if you are looking for the full song , you need to just buy the cd for a penny and $ 3.99 for the shipping . a letdown !
0	it is not so much jewel sold out but jewel show on this cd that she ha aristically sold-out . this is simply a dull , lukewarm collection of machine generated song that offer no reason to listen to again . where is that edgy young artist who said bukowski wa one of her major influence ? her and liz phair should start a support group for aging thirty-something female pop star who think they should be avril . ( oh , jewel is not that old ? she sure act like it ... ) i have to re-evaluate her old stuff . if i could tell the world just one thing ... that you are okay .... i think jewel prof on this cd the true depth of her previous stuff .
0	although i love marvin gaye and he doe a good enough rendition of this lovely tune , i had thought i bought the version with tammi turrell which is outstanding !
0	i wa quite excited when i bought the album due to my loving the song wagnsta . after hearing the other song on the cd i went and sold it ... it wa that bad . his cd wa a one hit wonder . even his new song in da club [ wa bad ] . so i say if you are going to buy this album because you like 50 two song and think that there will be others just a good you are wrong . dont waste your money .
0	wa expecting all bruno mar music , and that is not what i got . total waste of my money .
0	it is not the supplier fault . i am sorry , but i fault amazon for not allowing sample to be heard regarding this . in the past , when i bought cd from amazon , i wa always able to listen to sample before i purchased . now , at least with this one , i could not find any list of music title nor i wa i able to hear any sample . i wa looking for some particular music played by christian ferras and herbert von karajan . this cd wa the only one i wa able to find with the combo . i hoped it had the music i wanted in it and took the risk . but no , it did not . i know arthur rubinstein collection of christian ferras and herbert von karajan ha what i want . but i could not find that cd . if you can , please let me know . thank you . k
0	not the best cd around . definately not something that you really want to play with the kid around . not very family oriented .
0	it wa all downhill from here . bruce is worn out from the slavery tour and the song just do not cut it . there is hardly a decent lick on the album and there no fun in it . they seem to be having so much more fun on powerslave , particularly with : back in the village , ace , 2 minute . harris ha run out of idea : alexander is just a terrible rehash of rime of the ancient mariner . and what went wrong with chorus ; repeating a song title over and over again : heaven can wait ! heaven can wait ! heaven can wait ! or caught somewhere in time ! caught somewhere in time ! caught somewhere in time ! is just lame . me and my mate tried to like this when it came out . but in the end it wa no good ... the next album wa no better . end of maiden and metallica just blew them away with puppet .
0	pretty poor sound quality . probably on the original recording . sound very compressed .
0	ok , first off , these guy are very talented musically . enough so that i downloaded the album seeing a it wa only $ 8.99 . one problem , which , surprised me , after having been to their myspace and amazon page . this is heavily influenced christian music . the lyric , unless you can handle being preached too , are very up front with their faith in jesus and god and stuff . i wa taken aback by this , a there is just no mention of anything of the sort , unless you read the online liner note or lyric they have posted at the album site , which of course i did not do until after i had purchased . if you like that , or can get past it you will probably enjoy the album a lot , but for anyone interested who is averse to being preached to in music , check out their website , and have a peek at their lyric before you make this purchase . [ ... ]
0	the song is longer . i thought i paid for the whole thing and wa given only a single verse . disappointed to say the least .
0	unexpectedly vulgar . too bad , a we searched all over for this in store to no avail . went to amazon , got it , and can not listen to this with kid around . i see the explicit lyric advisory , but the filth is so pervasive , skipping to the next song only cue up more vulgarity . the man ha talent , but for some reason feel he need to work blue . too bad .
0	did not relax me like the other tape i have where they use a soft voice to relax and ease you into it .
0	i have to agree with kimberly . i learned this wonderful song almost 30 year ago , and have been singing it ever since . but how on earth did that awful , interruptive bit get added on a the end ? totally destroys the feeling of the song .
0	the song precious is just a little bit odd . not necessarily lifehouse material . would not recommend , unless you love all their song
0	only 1 song ! ! ! not what i paid for , i paid for a whole cd ! ! sending this one back ! ! !
0	do not buy this cd . you would be better off buying the intution and stand single . i wa so disappointed at this cd . jewel you are not a diamond . go back to your old style .
0	sum 41 give punk a bad name . sum 41 take the green day/blink 182 vein and play all the mtv clichs of what mtv think punk is . the image of punk that mtv is some bored teenager with piercings , hoodie , big baggy pant , and a skateboard . this poppy nonsense is just silly and goofy . this is not hard ! even blink 182 are more real than these guy . if you are between the age of 11 to 15 , i can see you into this . then you realize these guy are pandering mtv creation .
0	do not remember buying this . it is not so good .
0	this is a 45 rpm 12 vinyl album ! i can not play it easily and returned it unopened . i do not understand the purpose of making it 45 rpm . the stylus pickup is a mechanical devise , what is the advantage of forcing the stylus to follow the undulation in the groove in le time ? i do not get it ! the music may be good , but i will never know .
0	sorry jon , but your version of this wonderful song just doe not cut the mustard after hearing it done by ellie goulding . buy her bonus track on amazon from the album burn and you will not be disappointed . play this version after you hear hers and you will be disappointed . beautiful song , but for a beautiful version of a beautiful song you must hear ellie goulding do it .
0	1 am neither a rhianna fan or a kenya west fan . am a huge paul mccartney fan tho . have not heard this song yet , but i bet it suck ! !
0	terrible theme song for any james bond film . really disappointing , especially after how good adeles skyfall
0	not a good a i expected from don henley
0	i liked just two of the dylan song . the other two are not so good and the rest of the music is uninspiring
0	this ha to be the worst album lil wayne ha made . the old ( light out ) block is hot , the carter lil wayne use to kill . ever since he swiched his style up he fell off hard ! and a lot of these song i heard month and month ago i thought they were on some underground mix tape or something . it seems like he lost his effort and drive to make good music . overall this album get one star for the lack of effort and good music .
0	if he is now targeting 13yo pubescent girl ...... mission accomplished . long time rt/matchbox and i am not so sure this is not just a bad joke .
0	first of all , let me preface this by saying that i have all of the rest of andys album and will continue to buy them because i love what he is doing . this album is nothing like his previous work . while this album make a big change in sound and style , i really can not say that i like it . i loved the sound that he had with his previous work , but this is something that is much slower and much le passionate . i found myself clicking through the song looking for good part and then having to force myself to go back and listen to the track again just to see if there wa something i missed . other people that prefer a r & b sound with some random rapping thrown in , will probably be much more inclined to like this album . if you are expecting the awesome rap heavy song that have been key in previous album you will be sorely disappointed , like myself . all of that said , the lyric are really good and the word are just a awesome a they have always been . just not in a way that i enjoy to listen to .
0	this is a total scam ! the song are not by the original artist ! i wish i had read the other comment before buying this collection of junk .
0	it came in a cardboard cover , not a hardcover and it sounded like am radio .
0	found cd just okay , would not purchase again .
0	fix it amazon , this is getting to be a tired way of selling so so music , click on d/l and auto billing doe the rest : - (
0	it is shannon , but a 20 year older shannon .. her voice did not have that youthful edge .. buy the original ! ! !
0	this cd is very hard to understand . the speaker speaks very fast and doe not have a soothing voice . it did not shut off automatically in my cd player .
0	song wa not what i thought it wa ... but downlowded good
0	i am sorry but this cover is really creepy and i will not consider buying the album no matter whether the song are great or not . can not stand looking at the cover of the album . i have bought some zbb before and really like their stuff , but can not get past the cover on this one ! yuck !
0	it did not download a an mp3 file , so unsure how i will put it on my mp3 player . it is one of those file that you have to select a file to open it . not a big deal , only 99 cent , and i will never purchase mp3s from amazon again , fool me once , shame on you , fool me twice , shame on me : - ) i have purchased other mp3s online and i will stick with those vendor .
0	not really that good . it is okay if you are looking for a background playing kind of holiday sampler .
0	i really do not do drug ( other than legal one like caffeine ) , but in listening to this song again , i can not understand why i downloaded it , except for the fact it is free ; but if it is not very good , why download it ? anyway , after listening to it a couple of time ( to make sure i wasnt missing anything ) , i feel the song is only worth two star , and i am planning to delete it from my ipod . i guess everyone make mistake ; maybe it wa a senior moment for me ( since i am over 65 ) .
0	this album is a huge disappointment . not only did they simplify their sound more than ever , but phil is caught complaining on here about scene kid bitching about his music . i mean really ? grow up dude . ruined it for me .
0	-sigh- even adam gorgeous voice can not pull off this terrible song . i could go on forever on how much this song suck ... : \ i give it 2 star because adam is an amazing singer in general .
0	all of jewel past album have been commercially successful and she is formed an enormous fan base over the year , so why sell-out now and make pop-crap for the mass of teeny-boppers who think shakira or justin timberlake are tallented ? it is a though it is a joke ... just an entire album worth of a joke , but i am sure this wa what the record company told her to do , because they wanted to sell a few more record and give clearchannel something to play on all of their station across the u all summer . i hope no other great artist fall a jewel seems to have .
0	too expensive
0	this is not original music . it is a bunch of crap from a handful of band played decade later .
0	welcome to obscurity ... wait , we were already there .
0	i tried to play this movie yesterday and it will not play . it say invalid region . what doe that mean .
0	bought this a a gift for a family member who love musical . the song title do not appear on screen when they are playing . very frustrating ! !
0	the basic song is there but some of the subtle little accent that were in the original are missing such a the double slight piano echo of the origina .
0	listen to dr dre or nwa . much better than this caca . hip hop is sucky now adays , public enemy should come and bring tha noise back again . in the end flo rida sux and so doe that minaj thing .
0	i wa extreamly annoyed and upset when i got my cd and the ten new song , would not play and when i looked up were to send it back for replacement i foundd out amazon will not tale bacl any cd that have been opened .. how can i know that it will not play with out opening it and trying to hear the music . i will not be buying any more cd from amazon . the book service is fine if expencif but do not try the cd meg
0	these are definitely not the same singer and musician that made the hit famous . someone suggested that the band history included many change to the member . clearly , this collection of individual were not a good a the one that reached all of u during the eighty . so for those of you looking for the song we heard and loved on the radio , these aint them .
0	paul stanley is an icon from my past , too . i respect him a lot today , a well . he is accomplished a lot in his life . but getting better a a songwriter is not one of those accomplishment . this album prof that completely . the song are almost all instantly forgettable . i can remember only one chorus , and that is the title track , and mainly because of it inclusion on a hilarious edition of south park . the lyric ? something a middle-schooler would write . cheesier than cheetos topped with cheese . i mean , geez , man , you are in your 50 now . can not you offer some better insight into life on your long-awaited solo album beyond crappy teenage breakup and fortune cookie saying about living life to the fullest ? just awful . motivational speaker awful . the music ? it wa recorded by ton of session player , and that is exactly how it sound - music made by people paid to play it , not by people with passion for the music . paul wrote some amazing song during his early kiss day . some absolute classic . by his own admission in recent interview , he can not write like that anymore . that well ha run dry . now he is trying to re-write a poor man bon jovi album with complete waste of space like desmond child and the beyond horrific diane warren . absolute garbage , throwaway , soulless wallpaper music . paul solo album with kiss wa great . some really strong writing on there and great performance . but like kiss , he is gone the way of the wussy a he is aged , and he show on this album once and for all that he ha nothing original to bring to the table anymore , nothing at all interesting outside of kiss . i mean , 28 year to come up with ... this ? and only 10 song , at just over 30 minute ? actually , that is probably a good thing judging from the way those 30 minute sound . great voice , great part of rock history , but , like every member of kiss ( except maybe ace at time ) not cut out to go it alone .
0	i intentionally searched for clean radio version and that is not what i received although it wa what it claimed to be ! disapointed .
0	i must say i wa totally dissapointed in the direction this album took . this album is all 17th century romantic poetry spoken over halfhearted , uninspired piano music . it is almost insufferable if you compare it to previous beautifully dark album like psalm from invocation unless you are a drama major and like 17 th century romantic poetry spoken aloud . this album is definitely not for you !
0	it wa to go go for me .
0	the singer voice is like male natalie merchant . he look different on the album cover than on the tv . i found these christian alt song refreshing b/c everything else is secular , even catholic view it a such . do not you know god made you something electric .. here he is reiterating an important biblical principal , that everyone is special in god eye .
0	have not i heard this one already ? same old stuff for last 10 year . where is the kid rock i love ?
0	why on earth would they put a song like jealous on a kid cd ? even taking out select word , the theme is ludicrous for little one who do not need to be thinking about insecurity in relationship . we have liked kidz bop a lot in the past for fun and silly music but i will not get this one .
0	my computer say my browser will not play cloud . i wa trying to find out how to sent to the place that say mp3 player . i wanted to know if i could put the song on the mp3 player itself . i could never get my e-mail to you to send to find out . i already know the song is beautiful . i also heard her dad sing it who wrote the song . i would buy lot of song if i could buy them for my mp3 player .
0	wished that i had not gotten it . do not know how to delete this off the music program . one thing i need to learn is how to delete thing off of here .
0	exelent doo-wap ! just a great all around oldie . love it ! also , the stereo recording wa well done with wide seperation .
0	so disappointed in this album . sound mainstream . sound like the same drum beat on half the song . no banjo .. no banjo ? crazy ! nothing folk like happening in this one . wish i could get my money back . i will never pre-order another album in my life .
0	a much a i love most of travers work , i wa thrilled with seeing he put out a blue c.d . he is an awesome guitar player but this disc miss in so many aspect .... for me the vocal are so horrible that i cant stand to listen to it at all ... very dissapointed and i wouldnt recommend this at all .... of course this is my opinion but a a lover of the blue this miss big time .....
0	another rock bad sliding down to country music . sad and pathetic . rock & roll is dying people and partly because fan allow band we love to produce c-r-a-p like this .
0	a big problem ; it wa easy to buy but apparently impossible to download to my itunes player . is amazon going up against all of u who use itunes ?
0	not the female french singer . song are bad too , so i can not even try to be ok with the purchase .
0	elvis impersonator are bad enough , but the conceit of this misbegotten project -- a collection of song popularized by the like of celine dion and david foster performed in woeful elvis caricature -- mark a new low in crass exploitation . for all his cartoonish , over-the-top swagger , our would-be elvis prof his non-connection with the genuine article by covering john lennon imagine , an undeniably great song but one elvis would have steered clear of because of it is imagine there is no heaven ... lyric . sad .
0	if you are a fan of those great early partridge family album , then you owe it to yourself to get these , the 1993 razor & tie version and not the recent re-masters of 2000 and 2003. why ? razor & tie did not tamper with the sound quality , a a result , razor & tie cd sound like the record you remember . i made the mistake of buying the re-masters thinking they would sound even greater ; not !
0	what in the world is this ? i am suprised they have not been sued for ripping reggie off . even the song title are rip offs of reggie song , bonnie 2k , whatever = megan 2k . i do not know maybe it is just some joke they are doing , but even if it is a joke this is a seriously lame-o cd .
0	bought this for my friend a a birthday present . i am really upset because i had amazon deliver it directly to her rather than to me to mail it to her with extra birthday goody ( since she life across the country ) solely because i did not want to accidentally damage it myself but it happened anyway . i do not know if it wa just a manufacturer defect or a shipping error but i am very upset . usually very satisfied with amazon quality but this time not so much .
0	didni have all the right product
0	label pealing off on bonus lp . not worth the effort to return . fantastic album though !
0	not a fan of this group . for some reason they just hit me a the type of people who would support their friend even if he were a rapist . just because you know somebody doe not mean you need to come to their support and defend them after they commit heinous crime .
0	the download version ha some major problem with some of the audio file . it is not the normal pop , click , and hiss you will hear from material dubbed from 78 . several of the tune have a sort of phasing effect similar to what happens when somemone ha applied electronic noise reduction too heavily . it is too bad . this is some great music . martin is a gem . because of the audio problem i would have rated this no star if the option were available .
0	for the price i could not beat the very few good song i received so i purchased it . most track are drawn out beat ...
0	kid already have now cd , why do we need this ? i mean , any kid that could actually tolerate this actually listens to the radio and would rather have the actual song , not some stupid , cheap remake of the song with kid singing in the background . if you want a cd with kid singing along with it , just get a kid barney sing a long tape or something . i mean , i am not a parent or a strict conservative but some of these song are by artist definately not meant for kid . smash mouth ( all star ) , blink 182 ( all the small thing ) , sugar ray ( fly ) and more all have parental advisory sticker on a couple of their album . the only reason they make this is to get your money , and you have good reason not to get it !
0	a it turn out , this is not the motion picture soundtrack . it is the score , which is a very different thing . i bought this a a gift for someone who loved the song in the film , and it wa very embarrassing when it ended up being the instrumental score version . this should be clearly labeled by amazon . this wa my first disappointed experience ordering from amazon .
0	when i heard that david draiman wa putting together a side project while disturbed wa taking a break from recording/touring i wa excited . after listening to this album , all i can say is meh . these song could have been part of the disturbed catalog ( with a little tweaking ) . there is not a lot of separation in the sound that scream this is industrial metal to me . actually , the only truly industrial sounding tune on the whole album is the cover of nins wish . not a terrible album , just not what i had hoped for though
0	dreadful recording ! it is the audio version of potato salad without the mayonaise , many well-executed note but no music . i threw it out and will look for a russian performance that ha some soul .
0	when it ha came down to mariah carey in her song , she just really doe not deliver anymore in regard to voice , sonnet and soul in regard to her song each and every time . sadly , the last several song she had put out like # beautiful and the lackluster triumphant from 2012 have been le than stellar in regard to voice and absolute spirit . sadly , with the song she ha came out with from her upcoming album the art of letting go , they just have not added up in regard to voice and spirit in what mariah had been known for . her latest song you are mine eternal is not one of mariahs better song , and feel weak in her voice and soul in what a love song can really be . the song alone is not really anything worth raving about , but remixed with trey songz on the song , feel worse in voice and spirit . a for trey songz , he ha had better collaboration with other diva like toni braxton a few year ago with yesterday which wa more sensual and delivered better in the mood . i think mariah need to really go back to what her a good singer to start with , otherwise she should retire . song : d+
0	this guy ... lolz come on . i do not even know how this got downloaded .
0	i did not like this album that much . i might have to warm up to it , but it did not give a good first impression .
0	i played it a few time and it skip , poor quality .
0	all i know about music is whether not i like it . josh , you missed it on this one . whoever produced this put you in the worst possible key most of the time . we have all heard the song , but not a they sound here . a a fan of yours , you need to fire your producer .
0	similar to koi , this newest album gore continues to stray further away from the heavy style of early tone and fully embrace the monotonous airy sound of team sleep and chino various other atmospheric musical project . with a title like gore i wa fully expecting a return to form , maybe not a white pony 2 , but not this either . gore is just ... boring . that is pretty much the only way i can describe it . the last tone show i went to wa back in 2010. to support diamond eye . and i hate to say it , but that is probably the last one i will ever attend . not recommended .
0	my wife needed the soundtrack for a classroom exercise and wa in a time crunch . we started the preview and assumed this wa the original , so we downloaded it only to find out there is only about 20 second of the original soundtrack and then something like clock ticking afterwards for the balance of the time . a total misrepresentation and ripoff .
0	not what i wa expecting
0	there is only a handful of decent song on here . she ha turned into a pop artist through and through , and it is often difficult to find a hint of her country root . there are some catchy song on here , do not get me wrong , but i feel a if tswift ha regressed in age in a majority of them . instead of sounding like a mature , young adult , she ha written and recorded song that sound a if she is 15 and clearly are intended for that audience ( think never ever getting back together ) . huge disappointment for a long time taylor fan ! if her next album doe not reflect an understanding that she let a lot of her original fan ( i have loved her since teardrop on my guitar first came on the radio ! ) , then i will have to realize she just sold out and i will need to find another young artist to cheer for . maybe i will just switch team to hunter hayes anyway ... so far he seems consistently country ! !
0	i ordered two copy of the vinyl , one for myself and one a a gift . the album received were completely different . ordered a replacement and even that one wa wrong .
0	seriously , could this be any more difficult ? ? i do not want the cloud , i just want the download i paid for on my computer to put into my already existing and quite capable itunes ! i can not even find a record ( aside fromt the email i received ) that show i purchased this much le a way to actually use it . i had hoped to use it this morning for our school chapel , but i have been messing with this for 3 day , and still can not figure it out . yikes ! ! insert sad face here ...
0	this recording disappoints because right in the first track for plie , the pianist can not hold a steady tempo . it ha way too much rubato which slows down and speed up in a way that doe not give you a steady tempo to work with . ha this guy ever played for a ballet class before ? disappointing .
0	to begin with , i think jewel is absolutely amazing . her music ha always contained thought provoking lyric that are socially aware and achingly vulnerable , yet with a sense of hope laced in somewhere . although i wa only 11 at the time , her beautiful , heart-wrenching 1994 debut piece of you also proved to me that she could hold her own on the guitar by embracing chord with an endearing clumsiness and infectious creativity that i have yet to find in any other artist today . jewel the real deal because you know she could get up on a stage with nothing but a guitar strapped around her body and blow almost any other pop ingenue out of the water with her powerful voice . so then , where is that jewel ? i do not believe i have ever felt more disappointed in an album or by an artist . having grown up on her music , having attended numerous concert , i have a hard time buying this is who jewel really is and who she will continue to be . i am all for artistic growth , and i believe that artist should continue to expand their horizon ; in this area i do applaud jewel bravery . madonna invented reinvention . however image are a hard thing to shatter and jewel ha spent 10 year fine tuning her own . so just a reinvention is part of madonna image , an acoustic guitar and playful , sensitive lyric are a part of jewel . call me closeminded and maybe i am , but i am sorry , i do not have any interest in dancing to a jewel song , and never will . that is why we have a revolving door of about 500 pop artist crowding mtv today . jewel greatest prowess ha always been her ability to appeal to a mainstream audience by creating music that mainstream audience do not generally show much interest in . with 0304 ( which sadly enough , i am willing to bet will be her biggest selling album since piece of you ) , jewel succumbs to the pressure of staying a superstar and craft a record that is undeniably catchy but ultimately substandard in comparison to the bar of excellence she herself ha set .
0	i did not purchase this item , and it is not listed under my account . why am i getting email to review item that i did not purchase ?
0	another corny as dance song for the hialeah soccer mom crowd and the little miami teenybopper crowd . the singer , havana brown , i am assuming she is called , sound like a low rent rihanna . in other word , an un-unique , pedestrian dance pop singer that sound like every other dance pop singer on the radio . not the absolute worst song out there , but pretty awful neverthelesss .
0	my daughter picked this song . it is so bad . these guy need to go away , far away . the apocalypse is near .
0	great idea , unfortunately the other review fail to point out that , to my ear , ( listen to the cricket sound ) this appears to be a small sound sample on a 1-2 min sound loop .... you are getting the same exact bird and cricket sound over and over and over . i have skipped all the way in small increment to the end of the 1 hr length and the same exact sound repeat itself on regular minute interval . pretty cheesy and once your brain figure it out , not very relaxing .... of course the sample is not long enough to figure this out-you have to purchase it to get past the first loop .
0	wa disappointed to discover that this us synthetic sound for large part of this score . almost every major symphony doe this live for xmas , why not record the real sound ? would not recommend
0	since i must make a statement . i love this song to death . great song ! great music ! great artist ! great everything !
0	ok elvis i know you have new twin and formula is expensive but come on quit trying to rip off your fan ! how many more reissue are you going to pawn off on u . why not just release a series of reissue or rarity like the bootleg series from dylan . fan are getting fed up with the repackaging and the whorish behavior .
0	paid for express shipping to receive it on time a a gift . get here on time ( great ) give it a a surprise gift ( awesome ) open it ( not so awesome ) : undamaged packaging , instantly upon opening both record are covered with lint . it look like someone wiped them on their grandparent wool sweater before putting them in the sleeve . black streak on the white vinyl . not on the vinyl , in the vinyl . a if mixed in with the white plastic . put in on the record player , start skipping like it is playing hopscotch and the sound coming out of it would suddenly transform into the sound of a satanic chant . i even had to check to see if i accidentally put on my best of : satanic chant of the 70 album by mistake . surely this is not the angelic voice of matthew healy . amazon , for the second time you have disappointed me with an unsatisfactory vinyl album , shame on me for trusting you a second time with that simple task . but this time you have gone so far a to soil the sweet , soothing voice of matthew healy , and that is unforgivable .
0	wan na talk about the overhyped artist ? justin timberlake , usher and 50 cent . you wnna know why he is named 50 cent ? cuz thats all he is worth . this man ha no talent . no rap artist have talent . oh they can talk fast with a beat . big deal . thats not music . you wan na talk about music ? how about the real artist who make true music who use their voice to convey important message , not message about raping and murdering enemy . real music is michael jackson , mariah carey , whitney houston and vanessa williams .
0	did not sound luke original singer
0	the sound wa bad .
0	do not remember getting this ..
0	i just do not llike it . i wanted the song to do the line dance but i find tha i like doing the line dance to the instrumental goota give it up .
0	i wa so excited to listen to this new album from one of my old favorite band only to be disappointed by a continuation of the simplistic melody and basic arrangement introduced on their last release keep your eye ahead . i find it hard to believe that losing one voice & learning to sing again ha emptied brandon summer head of innovative musical idea , interesting guitar work , and amazing instrument flavor in his arrangement ... all the thing that made this band great at one time . please go back & listen to their three earlier album - especially complex and love & distance and you will see what i mean . the song from those album all had interesting chord progression , cool melody , & complex and interesting arrangement . those album were a feast ( and sometimes a challenge ) for the ear . the song and arrangement on this new album are boring & quite basic by comparison . man , this new album is a snore . what a huge disappointment !
0	doe not sound like the original .
0	sorry brandy i love you but this cd is a borefest !
0	this is truly ghastly ! whatever possessed someone to so botch such a beautiful melody by trying to turn it into some sort of modern jazz piece ? i almost lost my lunch . i have already determined that due to the extremely poor quality of electronic device amazon foists upon the public that i will never again buy any from them , i see now that the same is true for recorded music . after the experience of listening to this musical abortion i doubt i could stand listening to any of the other piece . i will still buy book from amazon , but this company would be well advised to never sell anything other than book . at least amazon can do that right . if you truly appreciate the title in this album , you would be well advised to avoid these tragic example of them .
0	worst stand up album i have ever purchased . neither funny , nor interesting . by the sound of the audience they enjoyed it about a much. -- a rather disappointed professor blastoff fan
0	a i understand from the steely dan website , this is not an authorized sd release . they mention on their site that there are numerous bootleg demo and concert cd out on the market , and unfortunately , amazon ha not escaped this phenomenon . i agree wholeheartedly with the earlier poster ... do not waste your money . for more info on this , check out the official steely dan website ( specifically , their list of album-length , authorized , commercial ( for sale ) release : [ ... ]
0	after a great first cd . this wa real disappointing.not even in the same ballpark a their other disc , still not feeling it after muliple time listening to it . very disappointed
0	actually , i love it but i can not download it to actually hear it ! ! ! hey amazon , please fix your download tool .
0	good holiday music
0	the point of this review is to complain to amazon about the one click purchase button on the * right side * of the browser . i wa aiming for the album image and accidentally hit the purchase button . amazon , please keep the purchase button on the top left corner . normal people do not buy an album based on it cover . since i now * own * this album and can not return it , i will go ahead and right a review . i apologize in advance to the daft punk band who i am sure are nice people . overall this album consists of repetitive electronics spiced with drunk audience screaming their head off . it probable should be experienced after a couple of six pack . track 1 interesting sound in the beginning . the overload synth sound make an appearance here . however there are long stretch where it sound like they left the synthesizer on replay while they grabbed a beer . track 2 sound interesting but is fatally marred by a repeated swear word . i do not see an explicit label on the album so this look like an oversite by amazon . track 3 look like mindless repetition is a trademark . first half is booorrring . second half end with a flourish . track 4 occasional cool sound suffocated by endless repetition . track 5 nothing special . they do sing a few word . track 6 my 6 year old call this song weird . the second half sound like a needle stuck on a turntable . of course the live audience is too young to remember turntable so perhaps this is attractive . all i can say is please end ! ! ! . track 7 this sound like an actual song . however the tune sound like someone wiping spilled beer off the keyboard while it is plugged in . track 8 is the best song so far . the keyboard work is impressive even though the tune sound like a disco song . unfortunately the band doe not know when to quit and the song quickly degrades into repetition again . track 9 ha a good start . it sound like peter frampton doing disco . unfortunately it disintegrates into a cacophony of malfunctioning electronics . the title brainwasher is appropriate . track 10 is not worth your time . i listened so you will not have to . track 11 is a truly annoying song . perhaps it sound better when played backwards . track 12 spends about one minute repeating the one more time song . the remaining 9 minute are spent dancing around one note to the point that you need to take a medication to stop the ringing inside your head .
0	cd wa not bad but the last track towards the end of the track the sound broke in and out and finally stopped playing . it wa too expensive for an incomplete cd . it a shame because the last track is one of my favorite song and the fact that the last portion of the song unplayable kill it .
0	trash .
0	i can not believe how low people musical taste have dropped over the past few year . this drivel is given over 100 5 star review ! ? ! ? ! ? ! are you serious ! ? ! ? ? ! it is not about how she compare with older r & b/soul diva ( she doe not ) or how contrived and boring her lyric are ( your going to rehab ? congrats ! ! ) , the fact is that people like this album because they were told to .
0	not my purchase
0	only liked 2 song major bummer
0	not even going to bother with this unless they are 320kb quality . why even bother with something low quality ? seriously .
0	no one can replace jon anderson . they need to hang it up . will not buy another cd without jon .
0	just a i had ordered
0	cd wa scratched and skipping
0	the review could been better for this song . need to have a longer play time in the review part for this song .
0	sadly , this may be my last download ever , a the software that load the song onto my computer ha mysteriously stopped working . tech support ha been no help - simply regurgitating the step from the website . look like it will be itunes from here on out .
0	a a deb talan fan , i bought this cd to get a feel for her earlier work . her voice is amazing a always , but frankly the album a a whole is unremarkable . i would even call a couple of song pretty bad . but it is worth a listen anyway , and i would still recommend giving it a shot if you are he sort who like to collect everything you can by your favorite artist .
0	seemed a though they just added what they thought metal is supposed to sound like part to other wise fairly decent jam . great idea just did not pull it off .
0	i am big jewel fan really do not get me wrong ! but i hate dance music and this album did not hit a single note with me at all . when i went out and bought it , i got home and put it on and isten to it all the way thought i put down and i have not listen to it at all since that day . the rest of her cd i still love . i hope she go back to her old style on her next album .
0	i can not believe i paid 11.99 for 2 song ! i thought i wa buying a complete cd .
0	awful
0	not the original sound to wagner ride of the valkyrie i wa expecting . sound is le dramatic ( no vocal ) and not it is full true length to me .
0	would not play in any of my player . could only access it on my computer and then it would not play in my player if i made a different cd .
0	ha hillsong lost it spirit ? sound like song made up for a factory music business . come holy spirit and help !
0	fair condition . ... not nearly a good a expected .... plus had to complain about the first one a it wa so bad . they did replace it but it doe have some scratching in the sound .... buyer beware .
0	heard this song , many year ago . the flute in the background is charming . very catchy little piece . love it
0	whoever encoded the title of the song wrote them down all wrong . on disc 1 everything it out of order or listed inaccurately .
0	at the time this album came out i wa graduating high school , going into the college . my favorite music wa and still is hard rock and metal . a a guitarist i wa influenced by real player like eddie van halen , george lynch , etc . i never liked this album . when rolling stone magazine did a 100 greatest guitar player list they ahad the nerve to put cobain higher on the list than eddie van halen . his guitar playing suck and so doe his singing . these whiny song brought about the crappy grunge movement with other crappy band like pearl jam and soundgarden . cobain ha been compared to the like of john lennon , how can that be ? he wasnt around long enough and he wa just a druggie who got lucky . being married to courtney love doe not say much for him either , no wonder he killed himself . the 90 became a bleaker place because of this band . to this day i still do not understand why mtv and the record industry kissed their as and tossed aside real talented band . i do not know what they were smoking in seattle but at least they produced some good band like queensryche and heart .
0	did not like the song
0	a others have stated , this is not the radio edit . i purchased this song for my childrens tablet a they fell in love with it from the disney commercial . i wa appalled when they were playing it and i heard the language . i have contacted amazon and requested that they correct this issue . well see if it happens . but , please do not purchase this for your child .
0	not a match for me . doe not mean it is bad . i just could not get into this one .
0	this is a great album but the record quality is terrible
0	not happy with this track at all . it wa some odd dance beat remix . you have to pay very close attention before purchasing and make sure you listen to the sample to make sure you get exactly what you wanted .
0	i never ordered this item !
0	i had watched the season that jordin wa on in american idol . i had heard this song on the radio ( probably too much ? ) and decided to download today based on a snippet i heard today .... i have to say i like the song , but the ending is really [ ... ] ... of course now given the whole chris brown thing it make me feel disgusted about him in general , but really this song is a sappy love song and the ending is nothing but them shouting out random chord and overly emotional note that seem to compete more and more with each other the longer it go along to prove they have singing ability . and it seems to go along tooooo long . i know you can both sing ... modern day air supply . blech .... but might appeal to a lot of people . just not me . just my opinion : )
0	it is my favorite song but i had only listened to the radio version . having the f word in it just take away from my enjoyment , it doesnt add to it . i wa disappointed to know it ha that . yes , i saw the word explicit . yes , i realize it is in there but that doesnt change how i feel .
0	wrong song ! do not one this one .
0	only had 1 fairly good cut on it very sorry i bought the cd ! group wa on fox & friend played one song wa good so purchased it very disappointed with cd only one good cut on it rest wa just noise .
0	como ha a really beautiful voice that is perfect for smooth ballad , but he should not sing gospel . it just doe not suit his voice or phrasing . if you want really good gospel buy something like the clara ward singer who have made their career singing only gospel .
0	i just wasted a buck . it is not obvious to someone purchasing this song , but it is not the one you think you are going to get . this ha been bleeped all to h___ . i want my dollar back .
0	i did not like his spin to the song .
0	this music loses my attention in a very short period of time . just be certain what your buying before you do . in short , do not waste your money .
0	i wanted to buy this song but when i tried to preview it , the song is just not the one . please check it .
0	wasnt sad , wasnt glad . it wa wa just a bunch of plunky piano music , accompanied by violin .
0	just a terrible high-pitched ( hiss ) sound to this greatest hit collection . i downloaded it and immediately deleted it . i recommend buying the album , 6 pick : essential radio hit ep , which ha sixpence greatest hit , without alteration , and then downloading the remaining song from their corresponding album .
0	i thought this item would be a little better than what it wa . but it is ......... okay .
0	the video okay only ciara act like eartha kitt on acid other than that this sound like one of jts leftover .
0	the quality of the cd is pretty poor .
0	the song green back boogie is great but cant find it . it became a hit after it start the cable show suit
0	ok , i just saw the latest workshop of this musical , and while it is better than this original version , i personally think this need a lot of work , but i am not sure it is salvagable . first , i do not think this movie is worth being made into a musical . secondly , i think the music need more melody . i think it is trying to be too artsy for it own good . thirdly , the rhyming scheme in the music is questionable . the only way i can see this musical working is if they take a total tongue in cheek approach . make it fun ! remove the attempt at seriousness , sort of like xanadu did . the part that work best are definitely the humorous one . i will not say anything about the ballad , but i will tell you that i definitely know that love is like water , unfortunately . give it a listen if you want and make your own judgement , but i think this will only appeal to that broad niche of last starfighter fan who love musical theatre in the style of jason robert brown . and we know that those people are everywhere ...
0	first of all , this is a great song . i rock out to it whenever it is on the radio , turning it up loud . when i am at a place that ha good internet , i will turn the song on . yes i have bad internet , probably the slowest you can get but i just had to have this song . so you are probably wondering why i hate it so much . here the story : i buy it for $ 0.97 , a great deal from here compared to itunes , or at least i thought it wa at the time . then , i waited half an hour for the song to download ( bad internet ) , and played it , with excitement . the heavy chord started to play , and then skip . i tried many different thing including turning the file into a wma and acc audio , but it did nothing , it still skipped . i do not know if it skipps so bad because of my internet , or because amazon made a mistake , but i would not risk buying this song if i were you ! this track is not even listenable because of how much it skipps . do not waste your money on this track , no matter how good it is . it would be worth buying the cd anyways =d
0	this is horrible im literally in the hospital listening to this . farrah just woke my husband up from a coma and told me to turn this horrible shit off . i wa surprise , at least ya saved a life with ya shitty music farrah
0	this disc doe not work ! i need a replacement ! how do i accomplish that ? \
0	first of all i have to echo the other low scoring reviewer comment that the frequently mis-pronounced word distracted this listener from absorbing the material . written book are edited for obviously misspelled word ; why wasnt this audio book edited for mis-pronounced word ? very amateurish . so - crate instead of socrates ? what is this bill and ted excellent adventure ? secondly , i found the narrator wa talking at the audience instead of to them . he wa just enthusiastically reading what wa in front of him without proper pause and emphasis . it take more than someone sounding like an oxyclean commercial to effectively deliver a message . also , there were some nugget of wisdom in this audio book . however , i can not agree with murphy basic concept of the subconscious mind . i took his message a saying the subconscious mind is a separate entity within the body that ha all the answer to everything ; like the oracle at delphi . all you have to do is ask it three time per day and you will get what you want ; i guess like clicking your heals three time in the wizard of oz . it also ha all control to automatic function within the body like hair growth and healing . although i think that the subconscious mind can influence the aforementioned , those are separate system within the human body . i will continue my search for something that make more sense .
0	i bought this for my 11-month old baby . she is learning both english and spanish at home . i thought this would make it more fun for her a she love to dance whenever she hears music . however , this doe not seem to do the trick . the vocal are off and quite annoying . i wa also hoping to see this cd in my amazon mp3 list so i could play it anywhere i have my smartphone ( a most cd purchased from amazon come up there ) . but this one doe not appear ; i think because only the english version doe . not worth the money in my opinion .
0	very disappointed that when i got my cd there were only 11 song the very reason i bought the cd wa for one particular song and it not even on the cd
0	this song came out in 1960 and at that time i wa in the first grade . when i would hear it on the radio , i would get really excited . this song is one that hardly get played on the radio a it wa played back in the 60 . for the longest time i would ask different one if they ever remembered the bumble bee song and they would give me a negative answer . i knew the song existed and thanks to the internet i looked up the song . i typed in the evil bumble bee song and with some great luck i found the bumble bee song . it really is a good song . it is available on amazon , google chrome and apple , so try it you may like , it is kind of funny .
0	the cd wa defective
0	not a good remake
0	sort of musing about how since ronald reagan & his crowd turned america away from itself and lied citizen into giving the really rich full control over our economy so they could steal it all away from the american people .
0	i preordered this so i wa in the first group to get the cd shipped to my door . but i waited this long to write this hoping my disappointment would change - a few dt album did not grab me at first and now are favorite . this album is flat without peak or valley . one of the great thing about dt is that they write song a a group . the 5 will bring in their idea , they start jammin , and before you know it they have an album . the astonishing is petruccis project ( i know , he had jordan write some of it but ... ) . he could have left his mate , hired some musician , n called it the petrucci project . i could almost forgive the lame n over used concept of a future without music , but those character , cmon . the hero name is gabriel ya think . the bad guy is nefarious , really ? even despicable me had a bad guy named dr. nefario . the music is nefario . there is nothing exciting about this album . you reviewer that appreciate jordan contribution , fine , o.k , that is true . but dt fan expect some guitar driven song . most of this album sound like 1980s air supply . and tossing in a tasty solo to a soft pop song is not enough ; even 1970s carpenter did that . i can not even guess how some of you guy gave this 5 star ! in the old childrens story , the emporer ride thru town in his underwear a all the peon exclaim : look at the king beautiful new clothes . some of you 4 n 5 star reviewer seem to be saying : it is dream theater , it their best ever , and that is that . i am like the boy in the old story who look up and say : the king is naked . i really wish for a new album . can not tell if it is anywhere in our near future , they are still touring and will the rest of 2017 .
0	first , he want woman to talk dirty to him . now he want them to shake their ass for him . guess what bud ? woman are not object who exist solely to satisfy your sexual desire . your girlfriend jordin should be ashamed of dating someone like you .
0	unable to play in window medium player . i can listen to it on amazon cloud player but wanted it to use for a slideshow . not worth the 99 cent just to be able to listen to it only on the cloud player that i do not normally use . plus unable to be refunded .
0	the label say sony classical in the back of the cd . little did i know this is a jazz cd . track 3 azulao , track 4 the little horse , and track 5 ninghe , ninghe almost drove me crazy . the jazz musician did a good job but kathleen sound the same in every song . do not expect her to unleash her vocal range in this cd . kathleen should stick with classical music doing what she doe best . jazz is just not for her . the blue sticker on the cd state -an unforgettable collection of love song , lullaby , and spiritual what a joke . this cd is heading to charity . i strongly recommend checking out song preview before you buy this cd . if you like it , buy it . otherwise , you will be wasting your money like i did .
0	if i had heard the complete version , i would have skipped purchasing this song . it start off nice but seems to leave me uninspired a it nears the end .
0	not the original song
0	very disappointed . never heard of a lot of the artist
0	this album ha not agressive beat and the lyric are not the best , the only good thing is that is produced by dr dre , anyway if yoy like hardcore this cd is not for you- peace
0	this program did not work with window 7. had to return . still waiting for reimbursement from the shipper two week later .
0	i love this song , but , the recording wa garbled and did not sound right at all . i am not happy about this . i waited a while to finally download it on my mp3 player only to have a bad sounding recording . doe not happen often . i do not want to have to download it again . the song is still great though . all the other song on my mp3 sound just fine . do not know what happened with this .
0	not the soundtrack . oh well , just wasted $ 5
0	i bought this one and wa horrified to find it wa not the original version . i wa devastated to say the least .
0	a lovely version of the classic , ruined by a end section of inappropriate spoken word . maybe it is supposed to be funny . it is not . buyer should be warned of this in the description .
0	let me preface this by saying i am a professional audio editor so i may be more sensitive to this than most people i only bought this recording because i want to listen to it in high quality . i knew it wa an mp3 , but at least it better than youtube . i wa extremely disappointed that exactly at 3:19 , the climax of the piece , there are extremely loud and audible click , mp3 compression artifact . i looked at it under a spectral analyzer and sure enough , it extremely visible . so i will not be buying music from amazon anymore , it just garbage quality .
0	there wa only one real song . the rest wa instrumental like there first album .
0	no
0	this product did not download properly . a a result i had to download a second time - incurring a second charge ! ! ! i wa robbed !
0	i never received it . of course , they did get my money , but no download . suck . i do not want cloud stuff , i want a real download to play regardless of internet access . i am not happy .
0	no lou reed . no sterling morrison . no john cale . no moe tucker . this is not the velvet underground , but a doug yule solo album . it is also a prime example of a record label trying to squeeze more money out of a band name . the cover art is reminiscent of loadeds art , but i am not sure why it depicts a hand fondling a phallic-looking empire state building . this album ha never been released on cd , and sometimes this album is intentionally left off of vu discography . if you do manage to find this album on vinyl buy it ! it is basically a collector item because not many were pressed ... a for the music itself , some song sound like they could be on loaded . however , a good chunk of the album is bad country music ( think lonesome cowboy bill ) . the first two track little jack and crash are listenable , but it quickly go downhill from there .
0	pure noise ... i really do not understand the high rating for this album . with the exception of the 2 forest flower piece , this is almost cacophony . if this is free jazz , i see no redeeming value . jarrett sound like a 3 year old throwing a temper tantrum through the piano . lloyd playing is distinctive and recognizable in his more recent approachable effort . definitely not recommended .
0	cd not vinyl a listed and described .
0	dull . flat and miscast . pas !
0	very disappointed . enjoyed the music from the original much more .
0	hard to chill on this music
0	i am tired of looking for some laid back , smooth tempo relaxing music that supposed r & b vet rate a outstanding . i have all but one of jon b album , the christmas album i refuse to get . let me state for the record , i am a bigg fan of jon b ! ! ! this album is utterly crap ! ! aka garbage ! ! ! in this pas week i brought about four cd based on so called great music reviewer , realizing these reviewer may b about 20 to 30 year of age , not that the age is a factor but the kind of music 20 year ago v today is not comparable to someone judgement today if that person is not use to a musical classic , like barry white i got so much love to give or the temptation magic with later 90 & 2000s classic like jon b they do not know or jagged edge walked out of heaven or remedy & who can forget new edition boy to men with that said , if anyone want to challenge me on my age & what music i refer to in my rating system i am 49 year old & a friend of one of my favorite artist eric roberson . i think i am more than qualified to say this album is pure garbage ! ! like i said i am a bigg fan of jons in ( my ) opinion his best album released to date is his helpless romantic ! then pleasure u like there may be a lot of review for his cool relax cd , but that is because there wa no advertisement for helpless romantic and it wa not sold in store ! ! ! just so those who do not agree & think i am bai , i have not written a review for eric robersons latest project mr nice guy because out of all his album i find this one to be just ok. save your money & make helpless romantic the platinum album it should be ! ! ! update ! ! 2/15/12 1:00pm because mr. rikkid decided to post a comment to my blog , i have decided to listen to mr jon b again and decided that track 10 do you miss me : is the premier song on the album ! ! ( in my opinion ) is that ok mr rikkid ? ? lol . by the way if you like the music style u stated , i suggest you try jamie foxxs blame it on it ha everything you have stated in your rebuttal ! thanks for your post comment !
0	there is a small segment of listener to whom this song will appeal . it is shockingly vulgar , and while i am not a prude , and might enjoy this if i knew no one else wa listening , that is not usually the case with christmas music . downloaded , listened to once , deleted . do not play this around child .
0	it wa extremely slow arriving and the case wa all cracked and broken . i wa not happy about that aspect of the product in the least .
0	i love the music . however , side b of the vinyl ha a major manufacturing flaw with a horrible wow .
0	ron isley solo project is not vintage isley brother sound , lacking in passion , wa looking for the ron isley that gave u the classic groove of the past four decade . this cd is a failure to the true isley sound .
0	love the cd , but it took way too long in arriving ! ! ! ! !
0	yet another abomination by the pop rapper lil wayne . this is kiddie rap , mainstream filth for the mass of moron . no wonder this is 5 buck at best buy .
0	ordered n error
0	not worth ten buck , sorry . this is such a sad excuse for music and should not even be posted up at all .
0	overrated song
0	re-hashed dark side of the moon
0	this is a cheaply produced re-creation of the original music that appears in the film . the real deal can be found on wendy carlos rediscovering lost score cd . this version is like a bad karaoke version .
0	this album is o.k . i guess but a soon a i heard fruciante left the bad again my heart sank . he is responsible for most of the brilliant songwriting , so of course this album sound different and inferior to past record .
0	i did not get the original cut i wa hoping for . this wa a bad remake . skip it , get the 1990s version . he can sing this a lot better than this . i do not know why there are so many different version of this .
0	worst thing ive heard in my entire life .
0	it is seems like he ha a certain opinion then immediately change it to fit the person who will benefit him in the short term ... it is really a unique quality ... unfortunately i think it will catch up to him ..
0	my husband listens to the cd all the time . he heard her sing on the david letterman show . we heard many song in the 60 .
0	i do not have any idea about this . i do not even know who this is . so i cant rate it . sorry .
0	bought used , the cd look good but play poorly , iike scratched record , skipping any hanging up . had same problem with another used order so no more used cd for me .
0	this is not the correct song only second long
0	i shoulve know ... twisted sister , christmas ? really .... what a waste of time . twisted sister seemed like a good idea in the 80 but in reality we were dumb kid , and this music suck !
0	the actual music is nice the lyric are awful !
0	boring , uninspired , generic .
0	would like to listen to a sample before i buy product . saw a video of her singing this song but would like to make sure audio version is the same .
0	ok
0	record quality wa horrible . groove are extremely shallow therefore sound quality is very poor . should have returned it but ultimately it kept and is now in storage after moving .
0	most noticeable in some otherwise-brilliant track such a radioactive and demon -- but due to the constant radio airplay the album got , people likely never were able to hear the incredibly bad distortion in the bass and other drum hit . when listening on nice headphone , this is literally enough to ruin all the song with hefty bass on this album . really hope that imagine dragon eventually decide to re-master the problem track on this album and re-release it , because the intentionally-introduced distortion is an inexcusably bad decision .
0	love this song ! ! i bought it to make a slideshow for my daughter 13th birthday ! i have the whole album
1	if you do not have this cd , get it now ! ! ! you have been missing out on some great music , this one of those album that the more you hear it , the more you like it ! ! ! los lonely boy are a really great live band that lay it all down and play hard , looking forward to the next cd -granvil poynter texas bluesman
1	ever been in love with someone that did not return your affection ? this song is perfect for redeeming the broken hearted . relax and enjoy .
1	heart lifting song !
1	yes
1	i purchase the first copy of this song with some other chick on it and i did not like it at all and now that he ha christette michelle version out i had to purchase it so happy i did even though i lost $ 1.29 with the first version but it wa worth it !
1	i bought this on the strength of one song and i am glad i did . wonderful music !
1	composer is included in the file information . this is baroque so it is going to sound well , baroque . of course there are going to be some you are not 100 % thrilled with , but come on ... it is $ 5 for all of them !
1	every song on this album is gold . they are each unique . i especially like that kirstie and avi get solo !
1	i just bought this cd and i am mad at myself that i waited so long ! this cd is the best ! i have every single one of her cd and they are all good , but this is the best . i play it over and over . people are really sleeping on this cd . her voice is great , you can tell that she is really putting her heart and soul into this album . favorite song are- warm it up , piano man , shattered heart , somethings missing , and 1st & love . buy this cd you will not be disappointed .
1	look , i am an island girl who ha lived in ca for a very long time , but i still get my sock off listening to great hawn music . this song , vocal , production , etc . just take me and my ca party to a whole happy nother level ! ! !
1	i just love this song ! it take me back to my teen year , listening and dancing to music in my room .
1	lovely song sung by the rich vocal tone of celtic thunder ! ! ! love listening to these song ! ! !
1	i recently lost my job - so i play this song and sing it to remind myself that everything will be ok .
1	from 1999 - enough said !
1	amazing , that is the first word that came to mind when i first heard crazy lixxs new album , new religion . along with crashdiet , reckless love , hardcore superstar and dirty penny , these guy are bringing back the sleaze , or hair-metal if you prefer that term instead . new religion start off strong with rock and a hard place , it then really hit you in the face with my medicine r.o.c.k. , 21 till i die , blame it on love and voodoo woman . another awesome record , that could easily boast 5-7 single if it wa ever heard on radio here in the state . these guy definitely love their rock n roll , and i am damn glad i finally discovered alot of these new swedish band , the only problem is , their record are pretty pricey and are not easy to find . i would reccommend these guy if you like bon jovi , poison , warrant , ratt , motley crue and def leppard . they do not sound like all those band , but they are that good , they surely deserve alot more attention than they are currently recieving .
1	terrific album . even better than i expected
1	every foreigner ( not brazilian ) think that in brazil only villa-lobos existed . is not true . camargo guarnieri ( 1907-1993 ) wa a genius who wrote hundred of masterpiece . he possessed complete technical mastery , exquisite orchestration , and a knowledge of classical form that make his symphony and concerto much better structured than those of villa-lobos . for the first time , there are all 6 guarnieri concert on decent cd version . here are the first three , including the most accessible one , no . 2. max barros is a competent pianist and the polish orchestra ruled by an american conductor performs a exquisite work .
1	it is awesome to me that the creator of the universe love me . i have to give thanks nothing can separate u from that love !
1	the master of wordplay beautifully sings this slow song ( a rarity ) that is extremely addictive to listen to . make you want to play along with jason
1	happy i found this -great quality
1	gracefully into the room . this song project the very fiber of what stevie is all about . her voice is worthy of worship in this classic of hers . not another soul on this earth can duplicate the experience .
1	different
1	great shipping time ! product a described .
1	love the music , very blue sounding . some of the music sound like it came from other song , but it is a great make you smile cd .
1	su albm debut , frank ( editado en 2003 ) fue nominado a los premios mercury music y gan un ivor novello award en 2004 , por su single stronger than me . en 2006 , sac su segundo album , back to black . el 14 de febrero de 2007 gan un brit award en la categora de mejor artista britnica . heredera de infinidad de sonidos retro , amy winehouse no hace sino confirmar el talento , la heterogeneidad de registros y la riqueza sonora que demostrara en su disco debut . si con frank sorprendi a propios y extraos y se atiborr de premios y alabanzas , este back to black no parece que vaya a cambiar la visin de esta chica . y e que de tal mezcla inteligente de gospel , soul y jazz slo puede salir lo que sale , un disco grandioso . si christina aguilera lo hace bien en back to basic , amy logro convertirse en una leyenda . s , e verdad que winehouse no inventa nada , pero lo que reinventa lo hace mejor que bien , consiguiendo captar la atencin desde los primeros compases de rehab . back to black adems supone un paso hacia delante en la senda de un sonido propio y caracterstico del reino unido , que ante tena entre sus principales estandartes a craig david , lilly allen , corinne bailey rae o mys dynamite y a la que ahora se une este nuevo talento . con canciones directas y escritas de su puo y letra a amy winehouse slo le haca falta una produccin cuidada para que el resultado fuera el deseado . y ah estaba de nuevo la chispa jazzy de salaam remi y el buen conocedor de los sonidos pegadizos mark jonson -encargado de la produccin de lily allen o christina aguilera- . bajo su tutela productiva la nueva figura del pop britnico lleva a su terreno sonidos y cualidades vocales que mucho recuerdan a una nina simone y a una aretha franklin mezcladas -no agitadas- con macy gray y pj harvey.yo no quera hacer m jazz otra vez . estaba aburrida de la estructuras de acordes complicados y necesitaba algo m directo . he estado escuchando mucha msica de grupos de chicas de los cincuenta y los sesenta . me gusta la simplicidad de aquella msica . da en la diana . se puede escuchar en la sutil referencia a la supremes en back to black . pero su bsqueda se extiende an m all . mientras que los grupos femeninos de los sesenta por los cuales se ha sentido cautivada , contenan sus vox , amy se libera con el estilo vocal de aretha en just friend o en rehab . love is a losing game e una composicin moderna puramente clsica : breve y empapada de emocin . otros puntos lgidos del disco incluyen la cancin inspirada en na , me and mr jones , la hermosa wake up alone , i am no good , la epifana personal que no habla de poder comportarnos tan mal como esos tipos que no han causado dao y no han dejado huella , y la cariosa cancin de estilo blue back to black .
1	great for nostalgic listener like my husband and me . when music wa understandable with romantic , melodic , lovely lyric ; talented artist .
1	this is a great song a usual for steven curtis chapman , he is our favorite christian artist , always looking forward to new song by him ! we even played one of his song at our wedding , i will be there .
1	good dancing music .
1	love that song
1	if you bought the first release when it came out , like me , you probably are wondering if this deluxe edition is worth it . yes it is . i am very glad to purchase this edition , although maybe next time just release the new track a a bonus disc by itself !
1	this is a very upbeat and positive inspirational song .
1	this is the only kiss song that i like .
1	this is 100 % , rot your teeth pop . catchy song with fun , electronic production . most of these you will have heard before , especially if you were at club back in the 1990s . really big hit that are still being played today . if you are a casual erasure fan , the song you probably want is on this cd . this is one of the few cd i have had for year that still get regular rotation . in fact , i know i have purchased it at least twice . it is very good .
1	this wa a christmas present for my sister . she play it all the time in her car and at home . amazon wa the only place that i could find this cd . great gift
1	very nice music and for the price you can not beat it . i have been listening since i got it ; very christmasy ! !
1	awesome daddy yankee never disappoints
1	a bit melencholy album . dido is not known for happy song . however she wrote this after a break-up . so it is a bit more of a downer than usual . still , easy to listen to .
1	love the song ....
1	good song easy listening especially if you are going through thing . the quality is good , easy to download to cloud player and to computer and ipod .
1	i would like to say that the topic and information on these cd , is of a 5 star nature ! good delivery , qualty and pricing help also . would recommend to everyone !
1	awesome single .
1	i really enjoy being able to find my older song on digital download and these version have the same quality a the original in a condensed and portable format .
1	one never forgets holdin hand with rockstars ! she really should use that line on her next great album ... and give me a co-writer credit ! i wa delightfully surprised to learn of nicoles march 23 2014 atlanta show ( terminal west ) , and that she wa promoting a kicker new album . i have been streaming it until i got my tax refund ( because i am old enough to know who her influence are when they were putting out new album ) . this album show a bit of a buffalo springfield groove , particularly on the main promo single girl you look amazing . nicole , you are one amazing lady . let u hang out and hold hand again soon ; ) !
1	fun song .. how can you go wrong with john prine ? ! !
1	i have il volos christmas cd and it is sensational . i wa so happy to see amazon ha the cd ! i ordered this one and we are love . for anyone unfamiliar with this talented musical group should give them a try . their voice will knock your sock off !
1	perfect
1	jim nabors is one of my favorite and i always enjoy his music . glad i purchased this one . thank you .
1	for those of you are too young to remember , this album wa everywhere in the late 60 . mitch ryder wa tha bomb . for real 60 sound , this album can not be beat .
1	last year wa such a cruel summer that i wa afraid i would have the summertime blue . this song ha not only been a reminder that summertime is great , but it ha inspired me to truly make this the greatest summer ever ! thank you three beat slide . you have ended the summer madness .
1	if god give you the grace to get back ii eden in any area this song will help you get there . blessing .
1	this is that real music not like we have today dr. dre and the d.o.c wa a great combo . i can only wish that this kind of real music come back
1	this song is great . they really need to do a whole album ( or at least an ep , like cypress hill x rusko ) . a good fit .
1	i am a 3pointer but the flow and teaching are good . it is a blessing to see god move in and grow christian rap the way he ha . shai stay faithful and keep it coming . thank you for allowing god to use you .
1	fantastic horrified album ! great sound and atmosphere !
1	it is very easy to download and play on computer . and the cost is very very very reasonable compare to buy a cd .
1	great collection and value .
1	great song
1	may it give you the courage to walk out in water that are not familiar and your trust is only in god .
1	if this song doe not move you then you must be a drone .....
1	love this song but did not want the whole cd . the download from amazon required installation of their downloader which i did not like but had to to get the song .
1	this album is absolutely the crown of everything good that the 80 rock band aspired to in term of energy and attitude . the first six songs- shotgun sally , nine life , her monkey , whip it out , long way from home and coast to coast- are top notch high tempo , face-ripping hard rock , dripping raw energy and sleaze despite the ultra polished production . the album one eh point is next with the customary ballad every sunrise , a few step above the typical vomit-inducing dreck of the day like warrant heaven , but still little more than breathing room before picking up again with the funkier mid-tempo evil angel and bad boy are back ( great song despite the cringeworthy title ) , then sprinting to the finish with high speed closer heaven on a heartbeat . is it deep ? of course not , it is 1989. but if you want to push the envelope beyond poison and warrant and the like , without going full-on metal , take a listen to this band .... and do not blame me for the speeding ticket .
1	up thru ihs third solo album , the transcendant overnight angel , every facet of ihs career is represented here . far far better than any subsequent best ofs . shame it wa only releasesd on lp .
1	i love this album . this is the 2nd time i have bought it , actually . it is full of fun dance music that make you get up and want to move . not just for goth , but for anyone that like to dance .
1	good song with great beat .
1	love it !
1	music it a little bit scary lol but it very effective ! ! ! i had lucid dream with this and it cool at the same time it is programing your subconscious too ( with affirmation )
1	steve is a great singer ! first heard him a the lead singer for journey a few year back . smooth voice , and not bad to look at either ! highly recommend anything by steve augeri
1	alternative at it finest
1	this is my first uncle lucius recording and i like him a lot . his keeping the wolf away is great .
1	no problem , no delay .
1	fresh and unique this deftones single wa very good . chino ha a unique voice you can not find anywhere else . very good .
1	just recently discovered jack white ( via dvd -- it might get loud ) and i am hooked .
1	several people have compared this work to crystal planet . this certainly is joes best work since cp without a doubt . i think a lot of people must have told him to get back to those day . however having said that , this collection is not cp . there is several track that could have fit perfectly on cp ( cataclysmic is this album with jupiter in mind and on peregrine wing is it is celebration ) . there is some newness that brings back memory of cp . there is that space feel , some offbeat type stuff ( though nothing quite come close to time ) . there are a couple of filler tune of course , but overall , this is a must have for joe fan . yes i too have felt deflated after most of what he ha released since engine of creation and strange beautiful music , the last album wa also touted a a return to the past , but aside from about 4 track it let me down ... but now he is back in true form , and i am back , and you will be back too ! five star for this one joe .... can not wait to hear the followup to it . do not disappoint ! : )
1	good song fast download
1	i wa looking for this music and finally found it , than , you so much .
1	beautiful , timeless song . very sweet and simple .
1	great cd , it just started skipping halfway through .
1	very nice song with charming lyric . sound better in a live version .
1	i had a dream about five or six year ago that bob dylan had released a christmas cd . no joke . now it seems that the dream ha come true . i can not believe the type of review that i have seen for this thing . critisizing just about everything ... from his voice , to his disloyalty to his jewish heritage . hey ... go back about thirty year and maybe your critisms will be relavant ... if you have been paying any attention to to the didge these last fifteen year , you will notice that he ha been on a kick trying to span a wide spectrum of americana and root like material . this is just another entry into that style . surely if 1960s bob dylan tried to do a christmas album it would be quite strange ( in my dream it wa like heeeeeee-eeeere coooommmes saaaaantahhhh ! -- ) but considering the stuff he is done of late , this is right up his street . it is fun ... it is a bit comical , but if you put it on during the holiday , and do not tell anybody what it is ... they will either dig it , or will not know the difference from any other disc you put on . it is dylan style of the last decade+ that i dig . if you are still looking to him to be the voice of a sub culture , sorry , you missed the boat . i personally am holding out for the vinyl edition , available at the end of november , i can already tell it is gon na be rich , and i can not wait to play it for the fam over some heavilly boozed up nog and cider ! happy birthday jesus ! ! ! !
1	got this for my daycare
1	diablero , a rock opera is a must see for enthusiast of the work of carlos castaneda . with superb musicianship and imaginative composition , the cd at once take the listener into the magical world described by castaneda in his early book . a feature film of diablero should be produced . the historical importance and cultural significance of this work can not be overstated .
1	one of my favorite
1	it wa a little difficult to listen to this uncharacteristically electro album from sufjan stevens , but now it is my favorite . i saw the concert a well ; there is an interesting story behind this album and the artwork . i recommend you give it a chance .
1	one of the greatest song from one of the most amazing vocal talent of our time and any time ..... his voice is so beautiful , so moving .
1	i am so happy to have this song , i also have the cd . it brings back so many memory , of my brother and i singing these song together , from the field in indiana , singing for grandma on the farm , at the pig roast , to the beautiful field of kansa . or sitting with a group of friend , just singing . we loved these song and they still are sung today . amazon , you have all kind of music , and this is one of my favorite ... thanks for the memory .... sing !
1	i do not listen to much pink music . saw her on oprah . liked the song , put it on my wish list , then found the clean version . figured i would like it better . that is all there is to it .
1	great band from out of eastern michigan university circa 1993. good electronic tune like depeche mode and inxs . i really liked it then and i really like it now . doe not sound dated thank god ! i remember living in goddard when these guy were working on it and getting the cassette free from the dude with the curly hair . it wa nice to find it on cd 17 year later .
1	first and foremost , no album will ever top august . if you are looking for the crow to ever top that , imo your expectation are too high . august is untouchable . second , imho this is the crow best work since recovering the satellite . imho , every album since satellite ha had a few gem , but also a bunch of b-side song that are kinda filler . by no mean am i slamming them , because i am a huge fan of the crow , but imo they have not had that complete album since satellite third , go youtube scarecrow and then palisade park . ^ both are great video , and will give you a new appreciation for those song . each video tell a story , and both video are connected together . ( kinda like what greenday did a few year back with holiday & bobd ) anywhoo .. i honestly enjoyed every song on this album . even elvis go to hollywood , imo is good . there is a hook to that song that keep bringing me back . possibility day is some of adam best work ever . finally , if i had to pick a personal favorite it would be a coin-toss between god of ocean tide and possibility day . just an overall solid album . thank you adam . thank you crow ... : )
1	anthem light have done an excellent job of mashing up some of the best christian song of today . recommended to all who love singing about the lord and all he is done for u !
1	hot song ever . it is like someone loving you and making your body so warm .
1	great music to listen to . the download is wonderful and the music is with much clarity . this is a must download song : )
1	i enjoy chris tomlins music i have other song he sings . we sing this in church and it is one of my favorite song i would recomend it to all .
1	these guy are amazing . if you like any of switchfoots song this is for you .
1	great worship song
1	beautiful , you will never see them again but with this cd we have memory .
1	with just one moderately charting hit back in 1987 , norwood ( born norwood young , 1964 , in trenton , new jersey ) , pretty much went under before most people really even knew who he wa . a shame too , because he is a great singer . whether he is crooning on the shimmery ballad should have been u together , or being energetic on the funky lady in love , norwoods strong , gritty voice , which is somewhat reminiscent of john white ( another obscure 80 soul balladier who should have been much bigger than he wa ) , injects this set of slick , well-produced set of poppy soul with an energy and passion that only so many male soul balladiers of the mid/late 80 could muster . he resurfaced with an all new album in 2008 , which i can not comment on since i have not heard it , but since he is still only in his 40 , i imagine that he is probably retained a good amount of what he had back in 87 .
1	awesome recommend getting this song . i really like it , i first head it on the fish , 95.9 fm . : ) i think ....
1	great !
1	i love all of peter , paul and mary music and song . they inspired me all the time a god inspired me to sing too !
1	we like it .
1	love the song ... upbeat , heartfelt and annointed . it is awesome !
1	lake tune
1	brillantes artistas que concursaron en eurovision de 2006 , un gran album , y en un pop agradable
1	justin timberlake ha gone from almost a joke pop star to a serious and comedic actor , with some of snls most classic bit starring him . this song show a maturity he ha finally hit that i think fan always thought him capable of . it is catchy and pop yet ha a sexy undertone , much like he ha turned out to be himself . i fell in love with this song the first time i heard it and wa shocked when i found out who sang it . bravo justin , another good career move .
1	this cd is wounderful . it ha all type of song on it all speaking the same message about love . it a great cd , it really impowers his voice , you can just feel his soul in it . the background with his brother make it beautiful and harmonious . this is a must have for any osmond fan and espesally a jimmy fan : ) enjoy
1	just love it ! my daughter love pistol annies and i do too , great music a a great album . thank you
1	tip is baaaaack ! his wordplay is amazing , he paint picture with his word . love it ! !
1	pure brilliance . the maverick have given u a real treat ! these tune kick and there are some beautiful ballad and love song . zero buyer remorse~itll become your favorite !
1	the heavily-promoted and massive time-life mail order only series of cd of about 15 - 20 year ago constantly reminded you that you can not get these in any store and seemed intent , at the time , to corner the market on everything from the big band era to pop , country , r & b , soul and r & r oldie . in addition to single artist release , they put out year by year volume covering the best hit of 1940 to ( a far a i can tell ) 1969 , interspersed with theme release such a the unforgetable ` 50 , the late ` 50 and r & b gem ii , among many many more . since there wa little real competition in term of sound quality and program note at the time , i suppose quite a few bought into the hype , although it wa an expensive venture since they also charged quite a bit more for each disc than the normal going rate . now here we are with option like ace of london , eric record , jasmine , bear family , collectable , collector choice , rhino , varese-sarabande , razor & tie , etc. , and suddenly these time-life release are popping up for sale all over the place , and mostly at price considerably le than when they were first issued . rest assured that if the song you are seeking is among the 22 contained contained in this volume that it is the original rendition , and that the sound quality is impeccable . in addition , you get an insert containing four page of background note written by washington music critic joe sasfy , and a complete chart detail/label information discography . in this volume you also get nice photo of the velvelettes , skeeter davis , bob & earl , and chuck jackson . the content are : 1. it will stand - the showman ; 2. needle in a haystack - the velvelettes ; 3. i do not want to cry - chuck jackson ; 4. stairway to heaven - neil sedaka ; 5. johnny get angry - joanie sommers ; 6. every breath i take - gene pitney ; 7. somethings got a hold on me - etta james ; 8. pain in my heart - otis redding ; 9. the nitty gritty - shirley elli ; 10. mission bell - donnie brook ; 11. till - the angel ; 12. road runner - bo diddley ; 13. harlem shuffle - bob & earl ; 14. it might a well rain until september - carole king ; 15. sweet for my sweet - the drifter ; 16 , rinky dink - dave baby cortez ; 17. i can not stay mad at you - skeeter davis ; 18. twist , twist senora - bobby u.s. bond ; 19. drag city - jan & dean ; 20. cradle of love - johnny preston ; bobby girl - marcie blane ; 22. tragedy - the fleetwoods .
1	one of best voice today .
1	love it ... best thing i have spent money on l-/
1	katy perry brings the fierceness once again ! this song make me want to wake up in the morning , throw my head back , and say here i come , world !
1	i love it i love it
1	great tune timeless
1	another solid song from the new skillet album that showcase their softer side . while this is not nearly the side if skillet i often listen to , it is good enough in it own right . rating : 4
1	and , i love being able to purchase all these song . it reminds me of the old day when we paid 30-cents for a single-45 record . you only bought the song you liked , * vbs * .
1	it sound nice . i like the rhyme and lyric . for the money it sell it is a perfect piece of music .
1	the word are very real for those people that look deep within the soul . it is for those that contemplate beyond there walk in life . it is timeless .
1	i watched a video parody of this song complaining about the government over regulated water right . well we also watched the movie frozen . therefore , i down loaded the song let it go , by demi lovato . f.y.i . when i down loaded this song at first i could not find it in m medium player list . i did eventually find it under frozen .
1	this import cd ha a semi-bootleg quality about it , but do not be concerned about the sound - it is fine for what is being comped . the compilation mainly focus on 1950s r & b vocal group and their song about the comic book hero of the era - fun stuff to be sure . all are fairly obscure and rare , beyond the ballad of davey crockett . i believe johnny cash is on this thing under a pseudonym a well . in any event , the collection rock , and the lyric will bring a smile if you pay attention to them .
1	love the new album !
1	a classic .
1	a expected
1	but , it is still a nice collection . it wa a steal at $ 1.99 , but it would still be a bargain for more than that .
1	i love the 1975. their sound is what i consider to be contemporary 80 pop . however , the vinyl i ordered did have little black line on it , but i like it because it make it look imperfect . the vinyl is also ever so slightly warped due to the warm weather . also , with shipping , this came out to 45 dollar , which i think is a little overpriced . maybe like 10 or 15 buck le and the price would have been good .
1	wonderful
1	great rocking pop at it is best ! really catchy and melodic ! yo pussycat shoulda been a hit ! we want to hear more chris ! ! !
1	my 14 month old baby love this song . quality is great . i wanted exactly same sinsong , singed by same singer etc ... and i think this is it !
1	this is such an amazing album . this is the true original album , with the correct ending to more than wonderful , unlike what i got on itunes , and no gap or space in the piece , a happened on the itunes album because of digitization . it is perfect . it is what i remember , what i want , and what i have on an old cassette . this remains one of my absolute favorite of sandi patti .
1	i have followed lucinda williams since the 90 and love this album . it is great to find music that grows on you the way her music doe . every time i hear it i like it more and more . well worth it !
1	getting to like sting , more and more
1	great
1	how do you make a review for a song ? 8 hour ... for what ... ? loose your blue , everybody cut footloose . great song . check out the innocence live for their version of the song .
1	i play this music when i am trying to get some good sleep , or when i am trying to focus on something . it is well produced and coherent .
1	love the song and his rendition particularly ! ! the beat is great and he is a good singer . it is a real toe tapper .
1	this is phenomenal , sublime music , especially on a set of high-end headphone . these are fierce lyric that cry out the political is the personal , and sometimes they do so in way that are intensely challenging to have to acknowledge and take in . it help greatly that anohnis unique , head-turning vocal are every bit a beautiful and powerful a in her prior work . the music itself is sonically inventive pop-electronica , melodic , soaring , sometimes there is a strong thumping beat , sometimes it is more expansive and almost ocean-like . the most anthemic song of these , and the one that really move me , is why did you separate me from the earth ? i am writing this review after two listens , and there were more than two surprise moment when tear formed in my eye . it is rare when a few first listens make me want ten more . this is gorgeous stuff , one of 2016s best album so far , and anohni reward the listener who is willing to turn it up , listen intimately , and really go there with her .
1	very uplifting album . perfect for easy sunday listening . would recommend .
1	very satisfied with my purchase .
1	i lost this song from my mp3 album . i noticed it wa missing and this wa not acceptable to me . this wa my first downloaded song from amazon a few year ago .
1	came extremely fast . a little pricey for a cd that ha been out for a while . but it worth it since it is hard to find .
1	it brings back memory of my youth !
1	classic bruce
1	amazing remake !
1	this is the best ! i have taken class from ms. harbison at a harp conference before , and there is a reason she is famous : )
1	one of the most original sounding artist i have heard in a long time . his vocal style is so unique , when you hear a midnight kahuna song , the voice is always unmistakeably - lika ! great song , production , vocal and entertaining too ! ! the only thing better than the music itself , might be the quality video that the band produce . this is a top miami band with a world sound . i have been a fan since the first time i heard them . enjoy ! !
1	another favorite oldie .
1	great cd . love these guy ! bought the cd for my hubby a we are going to see fl ga line in concert in march with jason aldean . bonus point bc i got the digital download ; )
1	a advertised .
1	awesome cd love pixy !
1	so much yes . this song is addicting , i want to loop it forever . ha just the right amount of cheeriness and a catchy melody .
1	i did not want to write anything before i gave the album enough listens . i wa certainly hyped and very much excited ever since the very moment i ordered the album from chevelles official merch site . then i got to download a digital version of the album on the release date , but since my copy had included the bonus song miracle , i only gave it a couple of spin ( wasnt disappointed at all ) , and waited to give this more proper listens until i got my copy with the bonus track . a ha been said on almost every other review , this is definitely their heaviest album . is this a bad thing ? well , it depends ... i only have a few complaint which are the following : a far a heaviness go , i prefer this side of chevelle . i think their heavier side wa perfectly balanced with melody on vena serum , and specially on ttot and my favorite of theirs wonder what is next . the problem this album ha it that it doe lack some melody . some of these song could really use that melodic punch on the chorus , a their older song used to have . following those line , there are two specific song which i have some issue with . enemy is one of them . some of the scream here sound a bit forced , and i simply do not know why they thought adding screaming sample here and there would make the song sound heavier . on top of it , the drum , for some reason , are mixed incredibly loud here . while the album is pretty much headphone-ready overall ( it really add to it ) , every time this track come up i must lower the volume a bit because other then the actual sound of the drum itself , i feel a if the treble is a bit higher here than any other of the song . the chorus while it sound fitting right at the end of the song ( where the drum/guitar pattern change a bit ) , it sound a bit tedious for me for the most part . all in all , feel like it wa trying to recapture past glory like brainiac , but instead it come with mixed result . second track i have problem with is last day . i personally love the bass riff at the beginning , and the bridge alone really save this song for me because it sound so great . but again , the lyric are very repetitive ( tedious ) and the scream sound very forced . other than the delivery , and the forced scream i feel pete wasnt sure on what direction to go with the lyric , because these have to be my least favorite lyric from the bad to this date . this song could have used more melody , and different lyric to really be great . other than those two song , and probably warhol showbiz which is the only good/decent moment here , i am very much satisfied with the rest . young wicked is one of my favorite , and it capture chevelle being heavy and doing it right . river is probably my second favorite , incorporating a melodic-heavy dynamic not very much unlike panteras this love . one of the standout moment for sure . mind you , these two song have very repetitive lyric , and a lot of aggression in them but they work . third favorite song would probably be a tie between door to door cannibal , which definitely grant the comparison to tool , and shot from a cannon , which could easily be anywhere on wonder what is next and ha a very headbanging intro and chorus . not to say the rest is not great , joyride is classic chevelle , got burned should probably be the next single a it is one of the most energetic moment of the album ( percussion is great here ) , and punchline is essentially the next twinge ; i think chevelle can pull off that ominous experimental side very well and i hope they continue with that trend . a miracle , which is the exclusive song i wa talking about should have been on the standard version of the album . this make up a lot of the melody that wa lacking in the earlier song , and it is by far one of my absolute favorite chevelle song . it harkens back to some of the earlier melodic piece of the band , and make it an essential listen . the bass production here is top notch , and the song have a much fuller sound than how the production wa handled in la gargola and hottb , which felt a bit thin and lacking . this album ha wear off a bit , i admit , but i still enjoy it and i have listened to it numerous time . la gargola , and sci-fi crime were definitely grower , while this ha much more of an instant impact . while it may not change your mind about the band , they have proven themselves veteran , and they can rock without losing or overplaying their accessibility . i definitely applaud their integrity a a band . 4 solid star from me .
1	love , love , love this album !
1	people age , it is a fact of life . instead of trying to maintain a certain sound , stevie nick is who she is , a nearly seventy year old woman with a lot of tough mile behind her . maybe she can not hit the high note she used to , but what can you do the same way you did forty year ago ? stevie nick can weave a story like few others and dave stewart make it sound magical . i took a star off for a couple of thing that sound repetitive ( another version of twisted ; if you were my love and blue water sound eerily like sleeping angel ) . the dealer , belle fleur , and starshine have a great vintage sound and the organ sound cool . all the beautiful world and carousel highly feature stevies background singer . i do not care and watch chain sound like they could play on country radio right now .
1	great fun song ! very happy for robin - he ha worked many year ha had some success but this is the one gigantic hit you have been waiting for . keep up the great work ! ! ! !
1	because i just love this song to death .
1	tracklisting : 1 no shame ( 3:33 ) 2 face to face ( 3:49 ) 3 one blind love ( 4:25 ) 4 the longest day ( 4:23 ) 5 i wish ( 5:34 ) saxophone - steve boltz 6 flame ( 5:17 ) 7 the legend ( 4:05 ) guitar - wilbur wilde 8 take my breath away ( 3:49 ) 9 let u fall in love ( 3:53 ) 10 cathedral ( 4:22 )
1	love it love it love it . did not even receive it yet , but it come with digital download . actually bought the vinyl a a present but look like i get the whole album too ! !
1	love love love this song
1	... of unfiltered rock the sooner you embrace the fact golden earring ha some solid track the sooner you can move on with your life .
1	great song .
1	great song . publicity stunt not taken into consideration at all . totally love , love , love this song for ton of reason
1	great album
1	absolutely love this song .
1	i bought the whole soundtrack but this is absolutely my favorite song on the album . it is also the song that wa featured in the preview for the movie . love .
1	this song sound great on my computer , television ( via roku ) , cell phone and kindle . this wa definitely a great find ! i am so glad that i purchased it !
1	awesome ! ! ! ! ! !
1	wonderful music that is singable , bringing back memory .
1	another marcia ball boogie down special which is so great ! ok. you got me figured out . i am a huge fan of marcias . you should be too !
1	overall , a pretty good album - the song are pretty catchy , and most of them are backed by actual meaning
1	her new song is fantastic
1	love this album from start to finish !
1	they are good kick back song to chill
1	love it ! might be their best album yet .
1	the poet scotland no . 1 group -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - a fascinating collection of rare single and unreleased track by one of scotland best rock band of the late 1960s , with a stylistic range similar to that of the english band pretty thing , ranging from yardbirds-y r & b to more psychedelic and edgier material . a fascinating glimpse at one of the northern british rock/garage scene great lost band . recommended ! ( dj joe sixpack , slipcue music guide )
1	flood by jar of clay is a great song about staying strong during adversity . the singer express a humble person who truly want to be lifted up and move to an even happier place in life . flood by jar of clay is good for those who like emotionally nourishing rock song .
1	the only reference i had about this artist wa the fact he wa teacher of alfred brendel . but when i decided to purchase this record ( in the late ninety ) my surprise wa majuscule . why is this notable pianist so underrated ? i asked to myself during my last listening yesterday evening . his beethoven is extremely restrained , very thoughtful and played keeping into account the sense of color and a sense of organical flow . his brahms intermezzo were recorded with a touch of majestic radiance ; baumgartner leaf aside the romantic element and focus around the melodic line until the very core . his debussy wa a great discover . nuance , grace and tune depicted with an admirable nocturnal poetry . image and masque find him in total domain of the impresionistic repertoire and here we come : i found chopin ballade no . 4 and kept my expectation with certain prudence . the result wa simply admirable . i think this is -if not the best- one of the most pyramidal reading of this op . introspection and expressiveness pave the way to the admirable fortissimo in the last two minute . baumgartner give u no wrong note ; his laser performance reveals u a deep knowledge of the work . and chopin sound with majestic classicism , far from the romantic approach given by most of pianist . my gentle reader : go for this one a soon a you can . under the circumstance you were not able to get it , you should find this recording in an old music store in europe or usa , do yourself a favour and go for it . a notable and priceless recital . the quality sound 8keeping in mind we are in 1964 ) is extremely good . totally recommended . .
1	i remember the 60 , junior high , high school and the viet nam war . folk music a it wa called moved to the forefront on the music chart . it wa , if you will , the alternative to the horror we heard and read about every day and watched on tv every night . peter , paul and mary put out some of the best music in this genre . while trini lopez also sang if i had a hammer , my preference hand down is peter , paul and mary version . mary earthy voice collaborated beautifully with peter and paul harmony . each brought out the best in the other and a truly great song wa born . this song along with where have all the flower gone are must have for any folk music collection .
1	ed sheeran is beyond amazing !
1	there is no reason to be saying anything negative about a tribute to a man of the caliber of john winston lennon , this old world ha never recovered from his loss ! i never have & do not expect to for the rest of my day , a very clever mind , song composer , singer/player & promoter of peace & love ! i love you , john with all my heart . the remaster is worthy of the effort that went in to update the sound , it is an excellent version of george composition to fellow beatle john lennon ! rip , john & george !
1	i loved each and every song on the album ! his lyric are so relatable , and his voice is truly incredible !
1	quick and easy download ; great product !
1	i like the artist and another great song . heard it on the radio so knew what to expect . enough said .
1	cool song
1	old skool
1	carlos brought the world of the latino into hard rock much the same the chamber bros brought the black man music into this genre , jimi the axe genius notwithstanding . he had help . mike shrieve ha ever been a percussionist from another planet .. but santana wa launched with evil way and abraxas . rock wa now showing a very healthy eclecticism .
1	thanks
1	gaga excels again .
1	this is one of the finest work by sutherland brother & quiver and is well worth adding to your collection . this band collection of music is almost complete on cd all we need now is down to earth , when the night come down and of course there very best work the american release version of lifeboat .
1	love having this song !
1	used multiple time now at funeral . great song .
1	the title song cover of the night is my favorite song of all time ! lot of other hit on this album . if you are a good rat fan u must have this cd in your collection ! great music ! better than five star .
1	although a very sad song ... it show the great love that two people have for each other and that they can not live without one another .
1	this album won a grammy many year ago . i saw a gospel choir perform the halleluah chorus live at the award show . since then i have not only enjoyed the recording tremendously myself i have given it to several people at christmas time and they have been equally enthralled . i loaned it to my son high school choir teacher and finaaly made it a gift when he refused to give it back !
1	my niece love this ! play it over and over for the 11 yr old ! = ) she added to her own playlist now too !
1	emmy always an enjoyable listen . she doe fine harmony and is nice contrast to rodney . song selection ok ...
1	love it
1	cool !
1	i immediately recognized marvin gayes got to give up and the umistakable michael jackson whooo ! ! sample . i do not hear much on the radio these day that i really dig , but , i like this !
1	a must have on everyones playlist . i dare you to stand still while listening to it .
1	gorgeous voice that truly radiates the spirit of the piece . this is absolutely my favorite rendition of this song - a must have !
1	great
1	sound great on my computer and on my mp3 player , the only issue i have is the fiddle faddle i have to go through to download it , it should be simple , it use to be , but not now .
1	good stuff
1	came just a expected and right on time
1	superb !
1	the piece are absolutely beautiful , but the poor recording make it difficult to enjoy them . perhaps if they were remastered it would improve thing - in the end , listen to the sample , the poor recording might matter le to you than it doe to me .
1	unexpected emotion , edgey .
1	good new group
1	awesome album , i can sing along to all the music !
1	great cd . great condition .
1	my favorite version of this classic
1	the pretty reckless light me up is a very good rock cd with 11 song and full of emotion that everyone can relate to . the singer voice is also very good and on most song you will feel like humming along or singing along in your car or at home . track one express the effect of drug on the singer life , track two another good rock song with decent lyric but personally prefer the live version found on the cd single hit me like a man . track 3 is a song you can not help but sing along to and relate to the lyric at some point in your life i will never be good enough , track 4 is a song with strange lyric but the singer is right about one main thing no matter how much we desire to change can not be anything else but me . track 5 is another song you can hum along to and enjoy moving to the music but in the end she will get her revenge on those who hurt her , track 6 show how much you want to numb out the pain , hurt , so you take anything to drown it out but for just tonight . track 7 show how fast fame , fortune come to your life , and then in blink of an eye it is turn you into miss nothing , track 8 is a song about the singer looking for her hero to save her from going down . track 9 is another song about trying to fill the void in your life but this time trying to find it in love , religion , or even fame in the form of rock and roll , track 10 threw the pain and sorrow you need that special someone to help you get threw it and keep you going . last track 11 is a feel good song about enjoy life and having fun by trying to get into the party and you can move to the music bob your head or body threw the song start to end .
1	yes , the sole reason i came to find this album is the same way most others found it , twenty-five year after it is release : the fact that trent reznor played keyboard for the album . definitely a different sound from his early nine inch nail effort , of course , being a pure 80 rock band , complete with great solo and synth track , the latter being provided by none other than trent . if you can stand taking it down a notch from nine inch nail , this is an incredibly underrated album for it is sound , and every track is my favorite . these guy are definitely talented , and this album should be heard .
1	whether used for relaxation , meditation , practicing you or other exercise , i highly recommend windham hill for easy going background music .
1	look like it wa initially issued a two separate cd , vol 1 & 2. only drawback wa the mastering of the sound quality , but excellent collection of fine instrumentals !
1	i love this song . i love passenger . i saw him in columbus , oh last summer and have been in love ever since .
1	i am not exactly a cher fan but this is just one of my favorite song ...
1	track listing : cd 1 1- rosa maria 2- si te doy mi corazon 3- sin ti 4- se fue 5- lagrimas para un recuerdo 6- en la orilla del mar 7- con la luna llena 8- a mi diario 9- mamita mama 10- suerte en el amor 11- el taquerito 12- corazon ... tu eres mi amor 13- mi dulce anhelo 14- la protesta de los hombre 15- oye paco 16- el charro 17- mile de estrellas 18- angelito 19- el callo de jose 20- cuando regreses cd 2 1- de rodillas ante ti 2- tu te ha ido 3- cielo rojo 4- me seguiras amando manana 5- como duele amarte asi 6- vino rojo 7- leticia isabel 8- carta para un angel 9- dulce caramelo 10- mi cafetal 11- aquellos buenos tiempos 12- tijuana funky 13- la arana 14- el color de mi mundo 15- mira como son la cosas 16- por tu amor 17- claro son tus ajos 18- yo no se 19- bailemos solamente una vez ma 20- la capilla de los suenos
1	this wa an amazing album by sabaton . i think it wa better then carolus rex and hero .
1	track title 1. iron fist 2. the almighty 3. execute 4. downfall 5. instinct 6. v. a. d. e. r. 7. metal will never die 8. dostulata 9. eye of a rose 10. slave of hate 11. to live is to die 12. enslaved 13. human end
1	this is an old one , that my dad used to play on the hi-fi turntable when i wa growing up . i remember going to see the film , a a family .
1	well at least like this . i listen to it all . if it is good it is for me . mumford and son truly now how to capture the art of songwriting and keep a folk but current vibe . this band and album are a great listen !
1	great cd
1	i would have given it 4 star but someone who actually like the song only left 1 star . this song and nice , nice very nice are 70 aor classic . their biggest hit however is cheezy and poppy it is maaagic ... you knoww blah blah blah ... drivel
1	i do like this song very much it is now one of my favorite . i suggest this song if you like nin and .
1	fire
1	old gold : )
1	good movie
1	great song good price
1	very pretty song ! do not let anyone put you in their jar of heart !
1	the john wilkes kissing booth broke up in the early aught , and released only one cd , goodnight machine , the legacy of the band life on with the band lead singer , derrick brown . brown wa already a well-known performance poet when the band formed , and ultimately chose to pursue poetry a his main focus . this lead to the creation of write bloody publishing , his acclaimed and extremely popular publishing for spoken word . and fan of his poetry -- perhaps especially his live performance -- will find a lot of like on this cd . a the main lyricist , brown poetics are all over this city , a is his effective use of his falsetto . it ha a wonderful quality of making one feel grounded and amped -- sort of an energizing thoughtfulness . it is the type of cd which begs to be attached to a time period of your life , so that when you hear a song you go , oh my gosh -- that road trip ! or that winter i did not have heat ! or that bastard who broke my heart ! not that i associate the cd with any or all of those example . if you are fan of derrick brown , i would highly suggest buying this cd to complete your collection . you will not be disappointed .
1	i love this song along with maxi priest how can we ease the pain . brings back good memory of a time long ago for me !
1	this is an unforgettable classic by one of the master . it will blow your mind and set you free into flight
1	no matter how far down you have fallen in life , this song brings hope to those who have given up . jason , your song is a message of love and renewal in a troubled world .
1	goodnight ....
1	great song
1	reba never ha a bad song . love her voice and the way she make me part of her feeling .
1	this ha been my favorite cd for the last 6 month . love his scottish soulful voice . i have played it over and over again . the arrangement on the cd give you both slow melancholy tune or full on get groovin tune to move and dance to . i purchased it after it had been out for a couple of year , but love his music and his voice is to swoon over . yummy !
1	this one of his best song a it will always be around . if you fall in love while this song is playing you will remember this song forever . i love it always have and i listen to it often to remind me how sweet love is .
1	this is a excellent career spanning two cd set .
1	this is my favorite song ! ! i play it again , play it again , play it again and again ... lol . love it so much
1	i really like this song it is so up lefting and supportive i praise god for people who are doing what god called them to do go mandisa continue to help everyone with their walk with our lord .
1	i absolutely love this song . it is beautiful and melodic with easy to memorize lyric . i enjoy the video a well a it come off kind of hippy-ish cool .
1	great song .
1	wonderful music that run the spectrum from very joyous to most somber . this is a great cd that reflects the life of christ in so many way , and i especially loved when it wa from the perspective of his blessed mother . very inspirational !
1	i always love when a new panic ! album or song come out ! it never sound exactly the same a before , but it is always beautiful and catchy . this single is no different ; i love it !
1	wonderful
1	nice
1	love this song ! ! ! great download
1	great song ! i have listened to celtic thunder for many year , but am just now becoming interested in the solo work . i think that any celtic thunder , irish music or even country music fan would enjoy this !
1	if i did not like this , i would not have bought it .
1	hmmm ... im a little on the fence about this album . it is not bad at all and in fact it is quite good bit i preordered this album which gave me access to the first 4 song early and i had the chance to listen to them quite a lot and the first 4 song on this album are very strong and in fact know it all and upper hand are still 2 of my favorite on the album even after thoroughly listening to all them . but i have to admit , it definitely loses a little steam after lay my claim . i am not sure if it is just the choice of the song layout or what but i started feeling bored but then it pick up again . im not saying it is a bad album , it is still very good work and i am a huge fan of rebelution and will continue to support them but i feel this album a a whole seemed a little rushed and maybe a tad over produced . there is a couple song that i would not have even known there were more member of the band had i not known already due to the lack of actual instrument . eric rachmany is a phenomenal guitarist and totally under rated in my opinion and previous rebelution album always shine a lot of light on his skill a a guitarist but i did not see much of that on this album . i know my review seems mixed ... lot of pro and con , but truthfully it is still a solid album and if you are a true rebelution fan you will not be disappointed if you pick up this album , still ha a bunch of great song on it , i guess i wa just expecting more knowing what this band is capable of . upper hand is still one of the catchiest song i have ever heard .
1	great song
1	this song touch my heart everything i hear it ! it touch me in such a way that i wa led to minister the song through a dance
1	this wa the most exciting album i heard in 2010. in 2011 it won the grammy for best album of the year . a with their other album neon bible and funeral , the suburb is thematic and a collective experience . the song belong together like piece of a puzzle and their arrangement is a story with a beginning and an end . actually you could even say some song are paired up like two different character in the same scene but from unique perspective . for example , in sprawl i ( flatlands ) , win seems to express a moment in time from a very somber point of view , while regine sings sprawl ii ( mountain beyond mountain ) with ethereal lightness -- though deceptively so , because the lyric are still on one level about running into cop on the street and on another , about existential crisis . this band is awesome , this album raised the bar for musical release that had degenerated into disjointed mp3 single , and the member of this group are very committed to good cause -- consistently raising money and awareness for those suffering in haiti still from a terrible earthquake that happened only a few year back . i still listen to this album two year later and love it a much a the first time .
1	this song for our first dance at our wedding
1	love
1	we love long handled teaspoon . use them for everything from stirring coffee to iced tea to eating . good quality for the price . highly recommend them .
1	i am a maverick fan from the ninety and could not believe it when they got back together . their new cd is excellent . i liked them a lot before and now even more . raul sound a good a he ever ha . i love the two version of come unto me . back in your arm again stick in my head over and over , but i love it and could listen to it a thousand more time . if you liked the maverick in the 90 , get this cd .
1	chris draw on a huge number of musical influence to create something unique but with clarity and skill . i would completely recommend investment of your time
1	talent and chutzpah ! so glad we found this fearless vocal powerhouse defiantly walking the red carpet at the grammy award . waiting for the next release .
1	i started listening to this band when they released son of the morning . and have to say child of fire is really great love the lyric . and glad i bought it . if you are a oh , sleeper fan you should get this album .
1	yes , thank-you for asking . it is a very good cd for meditation , i recomended to who ever want to take a few minute and lisent to a very good guidance meditation . thaks jp
1	i can listen to this song over and over . never knew the singer before but he ha a wonderful easy listening voice and the song is beautiful . i have looked up his other music after listening to this song . lift me up every time i listen to it . i do not like loud , fast , music and appreciate being able to understand the word a he sings . nice balance of vocal and instrument .
1	joss stone ha a fabulous voice and i love the soul sound of some of her music . all her song are good to out of this world .
1	we just got this for christmas and it is a wonderful cd ! my four year old is asking great question about the song .
1	if you are a christian , whether protestant or catholic , you have heard all these wonderful hymn . they are beautifully done by an excellent choir .
1	beautiful song that still echo in memory even a i write this review . never ha celine sounded better . joshs voice is truly a gift . wonderful .
1	not too much to say , except this quickly became my new favorite . if you like country you , will love this album
1	really like this song . warren wa a great artist with many unique song . this is one i just recently encountered and am glad i did . thanks warren
1	just downloading some song from the 80s/90s that i have forgotten about till i heard them on satellite radio ! tesla is a very under-rated 80 bad , imo .
1	i love this cd ! i have it in my car and hear it all the time . it never get old and is always inspiring . it is too bad that she died too early because she might have blessed the world with more wonderful music .
1	great song ...
1	i will flat out say it - a much better album than the recent tony bennett/lady gaga offering ( and her version of cheek to cheek ha a much more original arrangement ) . great mix of tune , wonderful arrangement and killer voice . she even make defying gravity fresh again with a stripped down introspective version that make me actually want to listen to it again ( if she tackle let it go though ... all bet are off ! )
1	not bad , not all of his best work though
1	i hardly post review , much le have the time . but , i thought this album deserved a good review worth my time and a bit of positive rattle from me to encourage others about their band . i have found gwen stacy to sound like other band , but they also play themselves on the front of their music . band sound that they spill into are that of beloved , evergreen terrace , the devil wear prada , august burn red , and norma jean . the most unique song that give the album a turn toward it is end is # 9- sleeping in the train yard , which start out with a 3 minute intro . all of the other song are good , have good breakdown , do not sound like other song on the album ( in my opinion ) , and it did not take me getting used to it or letting it grow on me before i liked the entire album . i agree with the last reviewer choice of song . they are all really good though . this album ha been spun in my car and room many time , for it is not an album full of monotonous song that sound like each other . that is another reason i wa attracted to this band at 1st . also , they are a christian band on a secular label ( ferret style ) , similar to stryper on hollywood record . they were also outspoken about how the album lyric were about faith . this is a solid album . they are also on tour with inhale exhale of solid state record at the moment .
1	best , best of ... ever !
1	great blue tune . one of my favs !
1	this is my first dcb purchase ; and i have to say , wow ! this album is one of the most dopest lp i have ever heard . i mean their mixing is superb , simply outstanding and refreshing ! i love the transition from 1st track to the end , and the finale track to the 1st track again . ( a if they knew you would listen to the whole thing front to back ! ) and i did ! every song give you an anticipation of the next . the album is packed full of worship . i am very meticulous about what i allow in me eye , ear gate . their word are simple but solid folk . from rock to dance and a little in between i could not say enough about this band . at time heavy 808s and analog base i mean seriously ! their hot and they love jesus ... we are resting in the shadow of the cross . amen ! enjoy church music
1	love it .
1	surprised my husband with these cd & he is happy .
1	love bromberg
1	i loved it ! it sound great work awesome , thank you so much . i highly recommend seller
1	i like dusty springfield and this song wa a good a i remembered way back when . i got it on amazon digital music iii d
1	this is a little heartbreaking . i can not say i am an activist for gay right , but i am sympathetic to the cause . i think the true message of this song is to watch your word . you really never know who you are affecting with what you say and your word are more powerful than you think . guard your tongue people !
1	loved this lively arrangement of arirang . nicely done !
1	this is a great collection of bruno mar music . i love all the song except one . i recommend this product
1	if you like stevie wonder you will love this song . this song made everyone love it after the best man came out but it wa not included on soundtrack .
1	whoever originally wrote this song is amazing ... i think it describes her very much , a far a her music go . i totally fell in love with this mid-tempo instantly . the first time i played her too-country debut . i liked about 5 track a lot . jesus take the wheel wasnt one of them ( until recently ) . if i went back , i might find 1 or 2 more gem , but i totally prefer her outstandingly-accessible sophomore effort , carnival ride . much more fun to sing along to , hummable and song like twisted , last name and get out of this town are still joy to my heart . wheel of the world is sounding a bit le repetitive because i am actually absorbing the lyric now ! but this song will probably always be precious to me , for my heart ha never , truly been broke , relationship-wise . guess i am still waiting ( for it all ! ) ... : ^d 4.5-lyrics ( enthusiastic/believe-able ) 4.75-sound ( enchanting ) 4.375-vocal work ( wow , esp . for pop ! ) 4.25-emotion ( good , but ending gave it edge . ) 5+ star . ( not ( ever ) an overall grade ) end note : the drum are so nice , a well a the enchanting piano that lingers , while creating an atmospheric-beginning . while i heard the song in my head before playing it , i swore it wa the production floating . that is how emotional it is for me . not cry emotional , just moved . and my position in life make me look at the song so ..
1	great song !
1	a beautiful , haunting song while niamh wa at her best
1	wonderful song ! pure ronnie dunn !
1	what can you say about these guy , excellent !
1	great song and lyric
1	great beat
1	luther wa the best !
1	if i had to pick one song off the record it would be sovereign over u . it song is a so heart touching witch is so need in this day in age . a humbleness come over me when i here this song . i pray it doe the same for you to . god bless
1	wa nice sounding but some lyric analizers play too much into unclassy meaning iykwim
1	a very blessed song from a very blessed young lady . only the spirit of god can bring such authority and power through a song . so glad to be free !
1	best cd ever !
1	it is one of those recording that ether you like it or you do not . way back in the day of my youth i wa an active boy scout . when i first heard this song , the opening wa like seeing the morning sun on a weekend that would be filled with many roaring adventure ... in my mind , this song wa the back-beat to a fantasy film that captured me and all of my scouting friend fishing , walking the creek , canoing , hiking , and all the other many thing we would do out in the wilderness . now whenever i hearit , i always play those memory and return to tho wood where we had so many wonderful adventure ... lame , i know , but this is how this song touched my heart .
1	keith urbans hot guitar playing is the bonus to a great vocal combination of swift and mcgraw , two of the best .
1	great song .
1	wishing they brought back the fiddle for this one , but it wa great all the same ! hope they keep on producing !
1	stay is one of the most powerful song i have heard in a long time . while i am not a fan of rihanna this song compare very favorably with adelles in the deep . it ha a hypnotic beat provided by piano chord gently delivered and a breathy vocal that ache with emotion . the line rihanna sings is i want you to stay but the haunting voice with which it is delivered is a cry of pain . a remarkable piece of work which suggests that perhaps i need to listen to some of her other work before i consign her to do not care for her
1	zapp - their first hit . i remember buying this album in 1980 - i also remember this song jamming at a block party in the lock in miami .
1	awesome music good tone just great overall music i think the beat the tone the fluctuation of it is just great
1	i love the music played on here . it is so beautiful and it is being played so elegantly . i am a very hard person to get to sleep and if music without any other homeopathic remedy can calm my anxiety a well , there is no reason to get this . this is an exclusive gift from amazon , and what a deal ! this is great : - )
1	just what i expected and wanted i have no problem with this product and would recommend this product to anyone interested in this type of item . thanks and shop on .
1	in difficult time such a now , this is the true kind of music that people need to hear . everything about this song feel good , it is message is very clear , the production is spellbinding . this song is a true hit . monicas tone is amazing , her voice is so strong you can help but to want to listen to it , it wa a religious experience hearing her voice . there so many moment in the song that touch . if you are a true fan of good soul and r & b and have a ear for good music or even a pop fan , you would get this record . i say 5 star !
1	this song is amazing ! it ha an amazing beat and is so catchy ! it is a great party or club song ! definitely worth the buy !
1	arrived in great condition . thank you !
1	good
1	i choose this song a it wa my husband and myselfs special song . my husband passed away and i am haveing a memorial service for him and i am having this song to be played at his service . if there were more star , i would have checked them all . thank you so much . ellen hodges
1	if you enjoy this genre check out all of mr. tisdales work .
1	so apparently ed sheeran is quite an artist , but i do not remember ever hearing his name before . cheer ed !
1	love this song
1	i am posting this review for one reason only , track 14 of this cd is the original disconet version of the hard to find ( in any version ) hold on to my love ( extended remix ) by jimmy ruffin , it ha the same length of my original vinyl and at the time of this review it can be purchased used for a low a a penny , most new recording album can have a one ( 1 ) star by default but because of it inclusion and the price ( + shipping ) it is cheaper than what i paid for the vinyl single back in the day so i am inclined to a better rating just on the strength of this song . the listing is a follows : 1. sabrina - boy ( summertime love ) ( original ) [ 3:58 ] 2. dollar - give me back my heart ( original ) [ 4:27 ] 3. simon harris - bass ( how low can you go ? ) ( original ) [ 3:18 ] 4. odyssey - use it up and wear it out ( new recording ) [ 4:14 ] 5. matchbox - midnite dynamo ( new recording ) [ 2:59 ] 6. hazell dean - they say it is gon na rain [ 6:39 ] 7. stephanie mill - never knew love like this before ( live ) [ 2:38 ] 8. barbara pennington - on a crowded street [ 4:14 ] 9. bad manner - special brew [ 3:20 ] 10. the nolans - who is gon na rock you [ 3:15 ] 11. toto coelo - mucho macho ( live ) [ 3:28 ] 12. evelyn thomas - masquerade [ 3:35 ] 13. sugar minott - good thing going [ 3:16 ] 14. jimmy ruffin - hold on to my love ( original disconet version ) [ 8:25 ] 15. sister sledge - thinking of you [ 3:53 ] 16. buck fizz - the land of make believe ( new recording ) [ 3:35 ] 17. ranking roger of the beat - mirror in the bathroom ( new recording ) [ 3:14 ] 18. kajagoogoo - ooh to be ah ( new recording ) [ 3:53 ] 19. kool & the gang - get down on it ( live ) [ 2:07 ] 20. miquel brown - he is a saint , he is a sinner ( original ) [ 5:18 ] the re-recorded version are really hard to spot ( at least for me ) , others i do not know them so i can not help with their provenance but a i said in the beginning if you are looking for jimmy ruffin get this while you can . by the way nowhere in the original back insert state this fact that i found by mere chance when i bought it at a used cd store .
1	if you are a serious lover of smooth jazz , then you must get this ! without this cd in your collection , it is definitely incomplete ! !
1	the band follows the jazz tradition of django reinhardt and the hot club of paris . they are very , very good . i bought this after seeing them live , one of the best live act i have seen in many year , and it ha the same full-tilt hot jazz feel that used to be popular decade ago but ha sort of fallen out of favor . melodic , harmonic , not necessarily something you would sing or whistle , but really make you want to dance . if you like the sound of django , think of this a his latest album and you will be pretty close .
1	i love toby mac . his song are so unique with a great beat and a good christiam message . this
1	album of the year ! ! ! ! !
1	though there are many great song on this album if you only buy one be sure it is the day the music died .
1	sometimes a song just strike a chord with you and this is one of those for me . i do enjoy listening to this one .
1	tyte trakk
1	this is an awesome deal ! - all of mozart solo piano composition for one to enjoy . sound quality is excellent and the price is incredible . period !
1	it is prince !
1	i am 62 year old , my goddaughter is 10. it amazes me how much i like her music a much a the old school stuff i listen to .
1	i absolutely loved the movie marigold . it is over the top , ridiculous and fabulous all at the same time . i have watched it over and over again to replay all the amazing dance number and to enjoy the american version of bollywood entertainment . the soundtrack is just the same . the music is great , the song are all song from the movie and it is great for driving and singing in the car . my only complaint is that the soundtrack is a little too short . otherwise , i would recommend it to anyone who loved marigold !
1	johnnie ha been around since i wa a kid but he ha been consistent his whole life . this album is mellow and stir up many wonderful memory of his earlier album . he is truly one of a kind and i wish him many continued year of success . his kindness to mankind show through his superb voice and choice of song . enjoy !
1	this may be his best cd yet . you can really put this on and just ride . i have to put it on shuffle because the way the song are laid out it take you from mello to high . but overall good quality so far i think my fav is fumble and of course dive in !
1	first off , this is a beautiful cd . but if you are looking for the monster acoustic version of michael gulezian , i would recommend the more recent ( and astoundingly great ) release , language of the flame . the dare of an angel feature additional instrumentation besides acoustic guitar . that usually spell disaster for guitar soloist out to expand their sonic palate , but the good news is that gulezian completely avoids that trap - this music snap and jump , sparkle and breathes , and is very much alive . the percussion ( ian dogole ) , piano ( ira stein ) , violin ( charlie bisharat ) , and bass ( michael manring ! ) seem wholly written and integrated into the composition , serving a the perfect setting for an acoustic guitar that shine like a diamond . the melding of third-world rhythm to percussive twelve string guitar is especially notable . this cd is on par with some of the best work ralph towner did with oregon . there are a handful of solo piece , and they are delivered with all the subtle authority you would expect from gulezian . but the real story here is the teamwork , lack of ego , and absence of showboating . these player are some of the best instrumentalist in existence , a fact made more obvious by the complete absence of gymnastics . there is more than enough energy - this is simply some of the most exquisitely understated music i have ever heard . it is a if the musician became invisible on this outing , leaving u alone in the ether of pure sound . gulezian may be a solo acoustic guitar monster , but here it is much more about beauty , and the collective synergy among master musician . favorite track : nothing is always anything . definitely recommend buying this disc .
1	favorite traffic album !
1	the music is timeless ... plus , i am replacing my vinyl collection .
1	great
1	i absolutely love this cd ! every single song stick in your head ! lovelovelove it ! it even make this old woman want to dance
1	a timeless love song that is a appealing now a it wa in 1978 .
1	work well a a background sound for sleeping or studying when outside noise can cause problem . slightly different tone than white sound , so one should listen to it before purchasing . if set for continuous play , there will be a pause after 70 minute , so there is a brief interruption of the sound . consequently , for sleeping , it not quite a good a having a sound masking machine . but given the fact such machine are now hard to find , it make for a good substitute , especially when travelling .
1	love
1	awesome !
1	this song ha irresistible guitar and a peppy , happy sound . great hook , and a compelling rhythm . liked it so much i made it my ring tone .
1	very good album , perhaps a little too apologetic
1	classic country music with a double entendre meaning ......
1	i am a woman and this is a great song that i can not stop singing . great job . i thank god for real singing without that machine sound . awesome !
1	one of metallicas best . comparing the original to the remaster i do not really notice any difference other than loudness , which is fine by me . i had not listened to this album in a while and i really noticed the lack of overall bass on this album , it wa almost thin to me throughout . not that you can not hear burton bass or anything like that ... there just wasnt much oomph in the sound . it is probably due to the production/ recording method of the time . otherwise a+ classic metallica .
1	it is ok to listen to in the background . he ha a relaxing style .
1	really love the album version of the song but the live version is awesome . johnnie taylor at his very best .
1	the album is amazing ! neil and ryans voice mesh so well together . love them . buy this album , you will not regret it !
1	another great song ... wow ! sang it at my son wedding !
1	this relaxation program ha all key element of relaxation program and is a scriptural based reference . i like it so much because it draw me closer to god .
1	even though david guetta doe not play any instrument , he sure ha a string of great song with his song on the album cover ! !
1	loved the movie xxx love the song , good to hear trying to stay awake driving home from work ! ! ! !
1	i love this song it really let the one you love know that they can count on you
1	great song about love .
1	vintage mary j. i love this cd .
1	1. keep ya body movin 2. kid in america 3. like a virgin 4. your rain ( rage mix ) 5. there 4 you 6. insertion ( machine gun kelly mix ) 7. absolute ( cuff -n- stuff it mix ) 8. superstar 9. believe 10. bizarre love triangle 11. lady night 12. waiting for tonight 13. funk boogie 14. i need you ( true platinum mix ) 15. ki.se.ki ( ddr edit ) 16. maximizer 17. play that funky music 18. baile le samba 19. you sexy thing 20 . oops ! ... i did it again 21. i will survive 22. saturday night love 23. inside your heart 24. tomorrow 25. istanbul cafe 26. gyrus -full tilt- 27. make a jam ! ( dub/house ) 28. heaven is a place on earth ( german election mix ) 29. let u dance 30. genie in a bottle 31. passion of love 32. injection of love ( e ) 33. toe jam 34. monkey punk 35. red room 36. la cucaracha 37 . 59 remix 38. in my eye ( midihead remix ) 39. you got ta move it ( feat.julie rugaard ) 40. a the rush come ( garbriel & dresden sweeping string radio edit ) 41. seduction 42. i feel ... ( t.o.y . remix ) 43. max 300 ( super-max-me mix ) 44. future of my life 45. festival with you 46. edit data 47. challenger , a 48. pump it up 49. random 50. roulette 51. party mode 52. magical dream is coming 53. waiting for a dream 54. boogie woogie walking 55. hyper dash 56. jungle trip ( pl2 mix ) 57. feeding time 58. festival with you ( after the festival ) 59. mission mode 60. sky 61. information 62. i wan na get your heart 63. opening movie 64. select 65. lesson 66. edit 67. random 68. roulette 69. dance master mode select 70. map 71. beginner complete 72. light complete 73. standard complete 74. heavy complete 75. last , the 76. saturday night love ( u1edit ) 77. diet 78. course 79. endless 80. survival 81. combo challenge 82. my room complete 83. shop 84. option 85. opening-select 86. heaven is a place on earth ( german election mix ) 87. tomorrow 88. in my eye ( midihead remix ) 89. i feel ... ( t.o.y . remix ) 90. you got ta move it ( feat.julie rugaard ) 91. belive 92. a the rush come ( gabriel & dresden sweeping string radio edit ) 93. i need you ( true platinum mix ) 94. gyrus -full tilt- 95. maximizer 96. monkey punk 97. kid in america 98. insertion ( machine gun kelly mix ) 99. genie in a bottle 100. i will survive 101 . 59 remix 102. waiting for tonight 103. make a jam ! ( dub/house ) 104. like a virgin 105. funk boogie 106. lady night 107. bizarre love triangle 108. red room 109. let u dance 110. there 4 you 111. superstar 112. play that funky music 113. inside your heart 114. you sexy thing 115. keep ya body movin 116 . oops ! ... i did it again 117. your rain ( rage mix ) 118. baile le samba 119. istanbul cafe 120. la cucaracha 121. toe jam 122. absolute ( cuff -n- stuff it mix ) 123. passion of love 124. injection of love ( e ) 125. ki.se.ki ( ddr edit ) 126. max 300 ( super-max-me mix ) 127. saturday night love 128. seduction
1	she work hard for the money by donna summer capture the experience of the working woman that go through the joy and challenge of balancing her daily responsibility with the necessity of making enough money to pay for the essential of life and more . the vocal to the song are also well done and i like how this song musically tell a story from the singer perspective on how she view the working woman .
1	great song , the best song ever by ratt , and one of the best song from 1980s rock era . cheap .
1	this album ha four to five great old-time rock hit from billy squier to joe walsh and enimem add a current rap and beat that make these song come alive again . nobody doe it better .
1	like !
1	wa one of my favorite song of the 60 . have the 45 , but it wa in bad shape . glad to find it
1	excellent album ( 5 cd coffret ) for real nana mouskouris fan . all her song in spanish . congratulation and thanks to mercury france record for this release . this is our good fortune to have now on cd song like el pequeo tamborilero ( spanish version for lenfant au tambour ) , rosa de paris , la maanitas , live in a paris concert ( mexican folk song for celebrating a happy birthday to someone ) and more . really , this is a very good treasure in a beautiful and magical voice ! ! ! ! nevertheless , two more song were not included in this compilation . 1 ) coucourrucoucou paloma , mexican and so latinamerican song , version live in a concert about 1972 in holland , sung half in spanish , half in english and 2 ) el amor e ( liebe ist ) , mexican author : juan gabriel . from 1995 , sung half in spanish and half in german . anyway , the 5 cd box set is wonderful . do not miss it ! ! !
1	the first diva of rap is back and better and harder than ever . foxy return to the ghetto hood of the street to give u some of her best work in year . on this cd , foxy let you know that she is not to be [ ... ] with when it come to delivering hardcore eastcoast hip hop . some of the outstaning track on broken silence are oh yeah , so hot candy and my favorite na na be like . if your a true rap/hip hop fan you will not be dissapointed with what foxy brings to the table on broken silence ...... all i can say is lil kim and eve beware cuz the first diva of rap is back and badder than ever ......
1	thumb up ! ! !
1	if you are looking for great fiddle music give this a try .. dewey play with ralph stanley and the clinch mountain boy . this is not found in music store . , maybe found in nashville , but since i rarely get to go there i wa very glad to be able to buuy this cd . great mountain music !
1	classic album by the wonderful crooner of all time ! ! ! i happen to love this singer and i would recommend to all !
1	love it . fun lyric for christmastime .
1	love this song . mp3 quality wa great . i have used it to dj in a bar and the sound quality wa excellent .
1	this is a very great sounding cd with a lotta back in the day cutz on it ....
1	an oldie but goodie
1	this song caught my ear and i had to have it . the jazzy tone within the song are on point ! and once i found out that he wa from detroit , i wa quite happy in buying this song .
1	rebelution is such and incredible band . this cd is perfect 4 calm listening . my boyfriend and i love listening to the cd on night drive . we bought the cd in anticipation for their upcoming concert in our area . if you like reggae style music this cd is perfect for you .
1	bizzle delivers with a great cd with feature from alot of popular guy in the industry . all proceeds go to building well in africa and other place in need . get this cd
1	well made and a good buy .
1	i needed a copy of this song for my daughter college play . it worked out great . thank you .
1	give god your all is what i got from this amazing ep from kb . this full of great content from beginning to very end ! we serve a great all mighty god . his son jesus is undefeated nothing can stop him and nothing can stop u either ! thank you kb for this wonderful inspiration music ! i would recommend this to anyone . must have ep !
1	just a expected wife loved it
1	this should be enough of an endorsement right there . melodic , soulful , musical . this ha it all . for the sax lover this is a treat . for the jazz lover this is desert . for the music lover meat & potato
1	well constructed song complimented by beautiful melody high lite the time tested musician .
1	like the song
1	nice bowie compilation . never followed him in his ziggy day , but think i started listening to him with diamond dog . one of the most creative people in music/film/theater/whatever scene . too bad he say he is retired . well , he ha said that before .
1	classic . you can not get any better than this .
1	fantastic song !
1	prince at his sexiest !
1	i think someone enjoying of this music depends very much on taste , and what they are expecting . in one case , there is the music of lou reed and the velvet underground . this can be classified a music to listen to whilst eating corn-on-the-cob . folk expecting this will be at least surprised and maybe disappointed if that is all they like . on the other hand is the music of john zorn , which can be classified a music to listen to whilst eating okra . this album is definitely the second kind . it is not music to be listened to casually . it demand the listener attention . i have found , if i give it my attention , i hear alternation between cacophony and traditional western melodic music . based on my personal taste , i like it . i just have to make sure i have enough okra .
1	come on , it is sail away by randy newman . what else is there to say that ha not already been said ?
1	... and let marit peter set your mood . marit seems to examine the deepest corner of her mind and heart , then pour her thought and emotion directly onto the cd . everyone will find something to identify with , from loneliness ( angel hovering ) to desperation ( marie ) . marit is a wordsmith of the highest order . you will find yourself backtracking to hear again the poignant description of outwardly normal photo belying a dysfunctional family in mother mantle . come to think of it , you would better make those headphone wireless , because the upbeat beautiful girl and the sultry dinosaur will have you dancing . the music itself is exquisitely spare , which give the musician in this band plenty of room to innovate . in particular , the keyboard work is tremendous ; the bass line fluid and always moving ; and the addition of a trumpet to many of the song set this sound apart from mainstream pop . the music also match perfectly with the lyric . each completes the mood set by the other . marit is voice is an instrument in itself -- it is a low-throated vamp in dinosaur , and it soar on theater . a perfect example of the creative nature of this cd is noah ark : a haunting story of a man effort to spare his family from himself , told in turn by the man , his wife , and his daughter . you will play this song over and over ; then you will take off the wireless headphone , call someone , and tell them how much you love them . thank god you can also listen to shiny thing again to make your heart and head soar .
1	love this song
1	great song !
1	great music when one want quiet with just some mostly gentle classical music .
1	i think pharell is a really talented producer a well a an artist . i gave this song five star because it just make you happy singing it . when i first heard it , i thought to myself ... finally a song inspiring people to be happy ! i think i am becoming a pharell williams fan . i definitely would recommend this song to others because there are a lot of people out here who need to here this song and work on being happy ! great job pharell !
1	this wa my first motorhead album - never liked them , but upon hearing the opening track runaround man i wa in ... that song is so good it caused me to purchase the cd - the whole album is awesome from start to finish .
1	i could not wait to go home and buy the cd after watching the show on broadway and i have not been disappointed . listening to this brings me back to my theater seat and i can picture all of the artist doing the number on stage again . absolutely wonderful song but not sure you would love it if you have not seen the show . i hope they come out with a movie based on the broadway musical .
1	put it on my kindlefire so i can have it at my fingertip where ever i am . wonderful song and piano playing
1	she ha the most beautiful voice ever ! !
1	very enjoyable cd
1	love this song and a charlie brown christmas . lot of others do a well after so many year of the animated feature being on tv . i bought the song during the holiday after hearing a chorus singing it during a christmas concert . i stll love charles schultzs work and all the peanut character . nothing represents them a wll a christmas time is here anc vince guaraldi .
1	all of the music from this band is excellent ! the download of the song wa fast and easy and i have had no problem with playing , moving or copying it to cd .
1	i am 28 year old and have listened to heavy music for about 22 of them . a the band got heavier , i got heavier . but now my growth process ha stopped , there is nothing heavier ! ! ! when i heard rob flynn wa starting a new band after vio-lence split i wasnt terribly interested . the guitar crunch wa great but sean killians vocal were to much to bear . anyway , i got the cd and wa blown away , the songwriting , the bottom heavy guitar , the singing and even the melodic stuff were there , tightly packaged into probably ( dare i say ) the best heavy album ever . thank-you robb the breakup of vio-lence wa the best thing the metal world could have .
1	i bought this for my brother for their baby shower and he love it ! he and i are both very big weezer fan , so when i found the lullaby rendition i knew he had to have it for his daughter . he ha said he love listening to it with his daughter and since there are no actual word on the cd he can sing to her . it also put her right to sleep ! : )
1	absolutely beautiful bluegrass rendition of this popular classic . never get tired of listening to it again and again and again .
1	willy at his best
1	when i wa browing song on youtube , i came across this song and the first time i heard it , i fell in love with it . if you buy it , i guarantee you will love it to !
1	i got this album because i liked keyshia . she did not disappoint me . her album is very good and recommend it to everyone .
1	love love love michael jackson and this one is one of my favorite
1	even old song can give a fresh perspective . elos timeless piece still hit me in the muse .
1	loved it
1	mono sound great
1	this album is a masterpiece ...
1	one of my favorite
1	absolutely love this new dylan album . loved his last standard album shadow in the night too but this is arguably an even better song selection and he performs these classic with real feeling and obvious passion for the material . i really lament the so called fan who expect rerun after rerun of highway 61 revisited or blonde on blonde ; the same people who go to his concert expecting to see a 25 year old dylan singing song from over 40 year ago just like he sang them 40 year ago and then moan that he is not like he used to be . time and people change and so ha dylan . we should feel privileged to live at the same time this extraordinary artist is still performing and producing great music
1	i always liked floyd cramers unique way to render country tune on the piano . his style is very smooth and soothing , very appealing . this one ha always been one of my favorite . this song wa originally recorded by skeeter davis , a far a i know . the sound is very good .
1	i love this song , it reminds me that god is in control . i would definitely recommend this song to others .
1	there is nothing more i can say about this song exceot that it is a beautiful song . just press repeat : )
1	a silly song from my youth that i have had a hard time finding- until now ! i am very happy .
1	a noted in a sammy davis on-line sessionography , please do not talk about me when i am gone feature a 40-second interlude beginning at 1:03 in which sammy rant on a couple of topic including his tight pant , the south of france and diffrent stroke for diffrent folk . it is unknown if this wa a uk- or us-only feature on lp . the segment ha been edited out of all cd reissue with the exception of the 2004 warner jazz cd reissue of the sound of 66. this download version , however , includes the dialog sequence , and that wa the reason for me purchasing the track . i have the cd , but my physical copy unfortunately ha the edited version of the song .
1	this is a splendid rendition of an older song originally recorded and released by the five satin in 1956. i hit the chart in that year . notably , it returned to the chart in 1960 and again in 1961. it is said that this and another song can take credit for being the origin of the doo-wop style of music . ronnie milsap , known to be a country singer and pianist , recorded this version in 1985. i think ronnie did an excellent job with this tune . i like it a lot . actually , i like it more than the original recording . the mp3 sound is amazingly good . highly recommended .
1	this album is a classic , one of the later janis joplin album . one thing , the track one night stand is probably the one big hit track on this cd . because of this i did , just download the track one night stand this cd ha some other track that are good for some real hard janis joplin fan , though .
1	good buy !
1	i have been looking for this item and finally found it , i appreciate it . i love it , i love it . thank you
1	great song ! !
1	katherine jenkins is one of the best female vocalist i have ever heard . the versatility of her voice is amazing . i am truely a new forever fan . barb hear more ? ? ? thanx to dancing with the star for introducing her to america . you just have to take the time to listen to one of her cd . she can , in my book , sing any type of music out there . you just have to give her a try . barb again .
1	this would be 6 star if there were 3 or 5 more song on the record . 9 is not enough . especially of this stuff ! i am not gon na do a song-by-song review here ; i think that is pretentious . but i will say that every song is a winner in it is own right . and kevins yodeling is really getting good . i know the ghost of don walser is smiling .
1	love it ! ! ! !
1	great beat and very cool tune
1	good price and fast shipping .
1	this song ha such a dark history and a dark tone . i love how sad it is and yet how beautiful it is . sarah brightmans voice never dissapoints though and it is a beautiful a ever . soft and melodic yet ha this strangely raspy tone . it is hard to describe her voice but it is truly amazing . this song is slow and if you are having a bad day is a wonderful listen if you want to feel even sadder .
1	i love the song ! i love every thing about him n song ! i love them all ! !
1	i am giving this song 5 star because it wa my father song from many year ago . he is no longer with u and now really listening to that song , this the way he felt towards my mom . i am getting married in september and this is the song that will he played a i am walking out in memory of my dad . plus this is how i feel towards the love of my life .
1	great song
1	i pre-ordered this album and planned on writing a review , which wa put off over and over again . after reading review , i thought a one-year review would be good . i read a lot of what i consider knee-jerk reaction to the album , so , after one year and plenty of time to listen to it , here is my take on fly from here . whatever your favorite album is by yes ( mine being going for the one ) , this is the best one since then . nothing i have heard over the last year come close to the enjoyment i get from this album and i hope that anyone who give it some time will discover the same thing . i have listened to this album more in the last year than anything else i own . on first listen , i did have some hesitation at time a to how good it wa , that is where a bit of patient listening paid off . the quality and creativity of the music come though over time , even with jon and rick not being involved . benoit doe a wonderful job bringing his own sound to the band , and the three part harmony sound a good a they ever were . geoff is a great keyboard player , a were all the others , and it may be because he used his classic keyboard that this album sound so great to me . i thought magnification wa great , but it is the keyboard that really make the difference in the total sound . there seem to be others who know the origin of the horn/downes track better than i , so i refer you to them . from a lyrical standpoint , i really like this album because it seems more focused on interesting word picture and not so much of the cerebral-introspective and socital examination that wa much more heavy in the last handful of album . a for the song , here my take on them : all of suite fly from here is more like a collection of song that were tied together with short instrumental piece and some common lyric , but still stand well on there own . ffh : overture it grab your attention and feel like the classic day of yes ffh : we can fly i never heard this when it wa played on the drama tour , but it wa well worth the wait . nice driving bass , original guitar work , unlike anything i hear anyone doing these day , and the keyboard are just the right tone to fill it out nicely . ffh : sad night at the airfield very nice acoustic work at the beginning with just the right keyboard accompaniment . for a nearly 7:00 minute section , it go by too quickly , especially the outstanding steel guitar work at the end . some of the finest in year . i have only heard david gilmours work on high hope sound close to this . ominous and beautiful at the same time . ffh : madman at the screen a return to the overture theme , this one is heavier and drive pretty good . ha some great organ work near the end . ffh : bumpy ride one of the part that took me a bit off guard because it seems slightly out-of-place , but it grows on you over time and you get used to it . it doe have this somewhat happy feel to it . ffh : we can fly reprise also a bit odd coming in , reminded me of the very end of tulls thick a a brick , sort of like the radio wa suddenly turned up and here this piece of music . other than the odd intro , it close down the whole piece nicely . the man you always wanted me to be : feel like it wa drawn a bit more from the acousticness of the 80 or early 90 . a very nice example of allowing different instrument to have there own part and not crowd each other . the bass riff at the end is very nice and guitarist could learn a lot from steve here . you do not have to use loud distortion all the time , just use a few note here and there to build what you want . life on a film set : this is the best example of word picture on the album , not like we have heard since probably tormato . a nice acoustic guitar and keyboard mix on the first half , into a very upbeat second half . the second half sound very happy and fun , sort of like the very end of sound chaser and it is playfulness with the la la la although there are no la here . hour of need : sound wise the first thing i thought of wa wonderous story or nine voice because of the portugese guitar that lead . not heavy and very thought provoking . solitaire : steves guitar solo . i feel like you are watching someone taking a walk though the countryside . music can create picture in your mind . into the storm : my one surprise wa the lack of talk about this song . this is the crown jewel of the album . nothing capture the feel of the 70 better than this one and it is been a awful long time since i have heard anything that musically brings me a much joy a this piece . chris ha a bass sound most like what wa used on tormato , the guitar ha just the right amount of bite to give the song drive , but not overwhelm anything else . the keyboard accompany it perfectly and the drum tie it all up . the other shock is the vocal , sound just like the harmony on yours is no disgrace . the tempo change are seamless , a good a anything i have heard in a long time . honestly , i can not do justice to how good this song is . one of the greatest thing is the musical outro . it is the best musical closing they have done since ritual , and it literally feel like you can see a plane flying off into a storm . the question is , if this is the last album by yes , is it a worthy bookend to their career ? absolutely ! i know the line-up may not be what everyone would have hoped for , but in the end it is the music that the fan of yes truly care about , and here they have succeeded in making a musically satisfying album . so , before you jump ship on buying this album because of some of the poor knee-jerk review , give it a try , give it several listens and decide . in the end , i do not think you will be disappointed in what you hear .
1	this song wa featured at the end of the excellent movie rush hour 2. it ha a nice beat and make you want to sing and dance like michael !
1	this ha a very unusual melody . joshs voice suit it . sublime ! one of my favorite .
1	very relaxing , will put you to sleep ; )
1	this wa a new song to me , but when i saw that it wa done by michael w. smith , i decided to download it . i now am very much in love with this song . great download .
1	very well put !
1	her early work wa a little too new wave for my taste , but when immaculate came out in 90 , i think she really came into her own , commercially and artistically . the whole album ha a clear , crisp sound , and a new sheen of consummate professionalism that really give the song a big boost . she is been compared to cindy lauper , but i think madonna ha a far more bitter , cynical sense of humor .
1	always loved this song
1	awesome song ! very moving lyric .
1	i wa in ninth grade when i saw the tv ad for this album and ordered the lp . i remember recording it on 8-track . i could have , but did not take better care of the lp . i am glad someone took good care of this lp all these year .
1	one of the best sophomore album out there . they did not drop the ball a so many other band do after they put out the first one . very powerful and well worth the small cost .
1	my daughter and i absolutely love this song . it make for a great ringtone for our phone ! sound great and easy to download
1	just what my son wanted . ( he heard a clip in a movie . )
1	i choose this song for a child ; s workshop i am conducting on appreciating our difference and acknowledging the jewel ( kindness , patience , creativity , etc . ) within all of u .. this song wrap the lesson up beautifully ! the tune is simple and catchy even adult feel wonderful after hearing it !
1	i heard the song watchman , what is left ... on gossip girl and wa instantly hooked . now that i have heard the entire album i want more ! this band is on par with the killer , muse , and the shin . i will be anxiously awaiting whatever they put out next .
1	who doe not like pink .
1	the album is dark and soulful . but more importantly the guitar player is so cute !
1	i am going to see him in lille on the 9 th june .... yepp thank you very much . . . .
1	i saw these amazing fella on the sing off , and wa instantly in love . i about cried when they won and counted down the day until their album release . it did not disappoint ! i am so happy these incredibly talented gentleman are finally able to share their voice with the world .
1	ronnie dunn doe it again ! ! : )
1	too bad glenn yarbrough did not have other great hit like this one . the movie wa pretty fine a well if you are in to old black and white !
1	great band and good music . i really enjoy this song . very relaxing always put me in a good mood . keep them coming .
1	first off , i have to admit that im not a big fan of the eagle ( they just never did anything for me . dont beat on me for that . im just putting the review in perspective . ) i am a big fan of classic country music ( waylon , willie , dolly , merle , etc . ) i put on this cd and from track 1 ( where else are you going to find miranda lambert sharing lead vocal with mick jagger and of course henley ) i wa hooked . this wa a damn good country record . and by now you probably know all the other guest who harmonize with henley on the 16 track here . most not all of the song are newly penned by henley and his writing partner stan lynch . for a cover henley chose the classic jesse winchester song brand new tennessee waltz and it work great . i already see trhere are 117 review posted here before me ( i just got the cd ) so i will not rehash what others said . the cd itself come in a tri-fold digipak and contains a 16-page booklet with all the lyric . this allows you to , not only sing along if you want to , but let you read the poetry in the well-crafted lyric . i hope you found this review both informative and helpful . steve ramm anything phonographic
1	i like this new musical .
1	a very powerful and ministering song . it wa recommended to me by our first lady at church . it is such a blessing .
1	love head banging to this classic !
1	i am not sure why , but this is the last national skyline album i picked up . the sample just did not make me want to run off and buy it . i wa suprised to find that this is the most original and consistent of the skyline album . although i think nothing here come close to a million circle from this=everything , this album is good all the way through ( whereas this=everything is kind of all over the place ) . there are four instrumentals - what some might consider filler track ( 40 % of the album ) - but even these are interesting and i never skip thru them . the rest of the track , however are awesome . there are clear nod to the cure , early u2 , radiohead and more recent sonic youth . lot of shoegazing guitar that somehow avoids all the stereotype of shoegazing . jeff ha a unique voice and creates a dark , savory atmosphere - perfect for a late-night drive or a cold grey day . best song : kingdom , glimmer , edge of the world . the accoustic b-side of edge of the world is also pretty good , putting a darker tinge on the song .
1	i enjoy the music and the vocal . i am so tired of the over synthesized vocal in today song . tired of the gutter , raunchy lyric . hey brother might not be a dance song ( at least for me ) , but it definitely toe tapping . the rhythmic beat cant help but pull you in . the kid love singing it from the back of the car . but in the truest test , would i put it on my mp3 player ? yes . two thumb up to that . why not 5 star ? well a 5 star song is one that move me beyond word , beyond description . i like this song alot , but it not in that class ( for me ) . still very enjoyable . buy and enjoy
1	i enjoy very much . i have been enjoying it very much . i ha met all of the need that i want it to .
1	this is classic , and even tho this song ha many remake , i personally think this one is the best . ha ha ho ho he he to the funny farm where everything is beautiful all the time !
1	he got it for a gift and listens to it all the time . say it a lady singing ? david a girl ?
1	do not stop with this song , buy the whole album . michael w. smith outdid himself here . hold up over time . great performance .
1	i wa first introduced to the style of chris mann when he wa touring with the great , idina menzel . hearing she wa to have a opening act . i looked him up . found his site which played some of his song . learned he is not only a singer , but song writer and writes most of his song . he can play a few instrument . that is talent folk ! anyway , i really enjoyed listening to them . while at idinas and chriss show . i bought a one of the cd he had available . which i really enjoy listening to . his combination of pop and r & b with a blast of soul . i instantly became one of the mann fan . wa excited when he finally issue some new music that i wa able to buy . his ep is might be only 5 track . but they are some really great song ! the most stand out is his cover of heartless , by kanye west . now before i start , i know some will probably say that he did this cause a idol singer sang it a well . well , first off , chris did his cover longer before kris allen did his on idol . chris mann even did a video for it . which he had help from many of his twitter follower . anyway , chris took the song and truly made it his own . which is why many who have heard the different version out there consider it one of the best . the rest of the ep , the weight of your world , which he wrote a few month ago . is another wonderful song . the original version he previewed earlier this year wa a bit slower . but this version is the best . one of the newer song , if i can not make you happy is just beautiful ! this is so far my favorite track on the ep . the last two track , when the light fade and 8 story walkup . i consider 2 of his classic . when the light fade is a beautiful slow ballad . and 8 story walkup is is a song about the anticipation of being with the person you love . this song is a good make out or more song . in short , for $ 5 you can beat owning this ep of this star who is on the rise ! lubchu !
1	uptempo and uplifting !
1	keith harkins album succeeds in it selection of song that compliment each other a well a covering covering several musical genre . i also really enjoyed listening to the musician . i especially like the arrangement for the end of the innocence . of course , the many original song are extremely fun , insightful and curious . i can not wait for the tour .
1	the sound quality is there , and there are many familiar hit for people who do not listen to classical music on a regular basis to recognize and enjoy . the sound quality is about a well a could be expected from mp3 compression , and i appreciate that on most if not all track you are not subjected to the sound of the orchestra player breathing or talking a with some other album . while most of these track can not by any mean be classified a horror , most are either melancholy or exhilarating . what it really come down to , the reason i could not deduct a single star , is that you get 100 song for just over a penny each . so delete the 95 song , so you uncultured cretin do not care for , or probably will not listen to again , and you will still get your money worth .
1	great
1	what can you say . adele is extremely talented , and this is a song everyone should have on their play list .
1	a very fine grouping of song from a band of the latter 1960s to the 1970s , and beyond ... they are still around today on the oldie circuit , even though lead singer johnny maestro recently passed . the brooklyn bridge were formed from the chance unification of two smaller band , which worked , and ... so instantly becoming an eleven member outfit ! the great classic the worst that could happen , a jimmy webb song , appears here , along with one other song of his . but the band had numerous other interesting hit . included of course is the memorable first album cover , featuring a montage of the band against a silhouette of the physical brooklyn bridge . one song missing is requiem , but nonetheless , this is a great collection for fan of the group .
1	i wa 18yrs old when the exorcist came out in movie theater . we were having dinner with friend one evening and began discussing the movie and the impact it had on u at that time . the one thing we all agreed on wa the tubular bell music and how even today 30 some odd year later we still get the heebie geebies when we hear it . i downloaded the track just for kick and we all took a little journey back in time . i also have it on my ipod and everynow and then it play randomly . creeeepie , lol but i love it .
1	out of print , hard to find , but worth it . produced by michael stipe ( of rem ) in the early 1990s , this album is full of rockin indy tune ( ala sebadoh/pavement from that time ) . there is also a very sweet ballad that give me chill every time i listen to it - i want to be with you . i heard they are reissuing the album in 2005 - i hope it is true !
1	ingrid and the child did a wonderful job . watching the video [ ... ] you can see the hope and sorrow in their face . this is such a touching tribute . how could anyone say no to purchasing this song ? i feel it is the very least thing i could do . my heart ha broken a million time over this . i hope this help with the healing process both for the people of sandy hook and myself a well .
1	this is inspiring
1	just listen and enjoy such staggering musicianship . this recording is of the band playing powerful chamber music . powerful and beautiful composition and improvisation .
1	i like much of kylie work , but am not really a fan of the original version of breathe . this is a great remix .
1	very sultry , sexy tune ... more so than marvin gayes sexual healing ! ! ! !
1	for a free download song from amazon , this is a good song . background arrangement is good and man voice is good too .
1	one of the most under-rated album ever made . it is unfortunate that this passed most people by . i highly recommend this cd for music fan . at the time danny elfman wrote most of these song , he said that noticed his teenage daughter were listening to a lot of beatles and led zeppelin which caused him to rediscover an appreciation for that music . you can hear the influence in the song writing on boingo . this is almost the highest level of song writing that boingo achieved . it is not my favorite boingo cd , but it is one of my favorite work of music . it begin with insanity , a grand orchestral piece about the frustration of living in what is perceived to be a christian society . the third song mary is very beatles-esque . it is a beautiful song that i wa shocked never made it onto the radio . can not see - useless make me cry every time i hear it . it is a song about a failing relationship . lost like this is very much like old , early eighty boingo . war is a great protest song , written at the time of the gulf war . change is a 10 minute wonderful and fulfilling jam . there are only a few weak point on this cd . first , i am not too fond of pedestrian wolf . i find the song to be a little too long and not that great to listen to . the other problem is the lack of helpless . this song wa a bonus track on the cassette tape of boingo , but could have easily fit on the cd . i have no idea why they have left it off . these are minor draw back . the cd is great . they spent a lot of time on it . they titled it boingo because it wa a complete departure from oingo boingo . they practically dropped the horn section , and added the guitarist of the vandal to get a more rock sound going on this cd . the song are long and musically well thought out ( danny elfman is a composer , after all ) . even if you do not like the traditional o-b sound , i think that any person would be very pleasantly surprised by this cd . now what are you waiting for ? order it already !
1	the song are really awesome but short , still worth it though a the song are hilarious and have great beat
1	i wa told about this fine album by a friend . mr & mr kochis have been singing christian service music for several year . this album , more than an hour , includes some of my favorite , such a one bread , one body , how great thou art , blest are they , be not afraid and more . they each have good range and pleasant classical/pop voice , displayed singly and together through deliberate , thoughtful tempo . the arrangement basically correspond to what you might hear at a service with a contemporary choir - some additional voice , some short , understated instrumental solo that enhance the peaceful , reflective nature of the hymn . this did not quite have the impact for me that actually singing and playing the hymn myself sometimes doe , but these are good , solid performance . this would be excellent for relaxation and contemplation . it would also be good , peaceful background music while doing office or home task . the kochis sing song that help the faithful listener feel the love of god . i did , and you could , too .
1	this is a good song . the download wa fast and there were no issue in the quality for this product .
1	love dave edmunds and nick lowe and the everlys youll love this tune
1	the first time i have heard about carol riddick wa on the booklet from the classic who is jill scott ? where ms. scott encouraged her to sing . i got a big nice surprise when i heard her sharing the microphone with musiq soulchild on that amazing track titled best friend since then , i have been looking for ms. riddick collaboration ( check out float where she provides backing vocal for anthony hamilton ) and bought the album moment like this from itunes . it is like a summer breeze , carol riddicks voice caress your ear and take you to another dimension . i do really recommend you to get this album , a i already had a digital copy , but i really needed to listen to her music on a proper cd player ! ! looking forward to new stuff from ms. riddick !
1	i am a fan of josh groban and this cd ha all the element needed to be successful .
1	i would never heard of jimmy webb before amazon offered it in their $ 5 sale . after listening to the sample i decided to give it a try . i really like jimmy webb sound , and love the duet with other singer that are on this album . currently this is my go-to album when i want easy , calm music .
1	look i would much rather review a recording of say chopin third piano sonata than a hit from the sixty which may not stand the test of time a well a chopin , mozart , or j.s . bach ha . but i happen to have married my love on 28 december 1963 - and oh what a night is a constant reminder , if indeed i ever needed one , that i am the luckiest man on earth . now if you and your bride were also of this same vintage year i suggest you make it your song a it ha become for elaine and me . and remember the original is by frankie valli & the four season - no other version will suffice . it is a great period piece and one which i believe will stand the test of time .
1	love it
1	all song you know with woody joining force with some great female vocalist . sometimes , to me willie nelson song can sometimes be so laid back that you could go to sleep but not these . all great , timeless song with willie matched perfectly in duet with some of my favorite female singer . if you like willie at all and want to hear him sing along with the like of dolly parton , carrie underwood , sheryl crow , et . al . , i highly recommend this album .
1	i like the song
1	awesome song ! love how daft punk is trying to revolutionize the 70 . it sound like the rest of this cd is going to be awesome too . go pre-order it now !
1	great song , great lyric . a reminder that our home is with the glory of god
1	love love love
1	timeless classic song with a good message .
1	this is a hard core blue october song that i love ! justin and the band never fail to make word move you .
1	i can not find this album anywhere but here you at least get v0 quality . hoping for a physical copy one day . seems like a decent album so far ( if you like hail the villain , which you should )
1	a wonderful singing voice a well a music and tell the truth in his song
1	great alternative version .
1	this superb cd by a band composed of studio musician is my choice when i want to put a music system to a test . and the music chosen is great too . the track i especially like are the kenton medely and the phantom of the opera medley . a real pro did the arrangement . this cd ha wonderful fidelity . i bought two copy so i could carry one around to different hifi store to try our their system .
1	a song ha to have the right lyric , the right vocal , and the right beat for me -- -and this one is just awesome . the part about mercy pressed against the veil is a deeply theological a it get and i think it is powerful ! my absolute favorite .
1	my favorite kid rock to date .
1	awesome best yet
1	even though this is a older song , it still is pretty great . i love it & i am always trying to get everyone to open their mind and listen to it . i want them to be able to see the beauty of this song a well a the talent of the singer . i truly hope a many people a possible will have a chance to hear this song at least once in their life time . i believe that if they are given that opportunity then they will want to hear it a lot more than just the one time .
1	kelli give this christmas favorite a cute kick ! ! kelli pickler is too cute and she give this song that extra something .
1	this song offer a much needed reminder to every christian .
1	foot stomping , pick me up
1	great mixture of upbeat and soulful -- and anything with david arkenstone catch my eye . love it . nice for anyone who liked the brave soundtrack .
1	greatest band ever ! ! ! if you are looking for a way to get your young teen or young adult friend hooked on christian music look no further ! ! needtobreath ! !
1	i probably have 8 or 9 mill brother album , and yet my wild irish rose wasnt on any of them . so i bought the mp3 version , and their old harmonizing is there in all it is melodious glory . it is an earlier recording , but it is certainly worth 99 .
1	good band good cd unique cover . no complaint
1	i love this type of music and it wa very enjoyable . it wa wonderful to find music of this type for my kindle so that i can have it handy whenever i want to listen to it .
1	great song .
1	love usher and love the hook to this song
1	florida georgia line did a great job on this cd and could easily cross over to rock ! ! i will definitely buy their next cd .
1	always stir me up inside . this song will never get old . it a great song to add to an easy listening , slow grove or lover type playlist .
1	my husband love it !
1	with love from a chorus feature the male voice of the robert shaw chorale singing a well chosen selection of traditional barber shop melody . selection include aura lee , seeing nellie home , my grandfather clock and numerous others . i last heard this record in 1959 and my memory of it are a vivid a if it wa yesterday . i live in hope that some day it will be digitally remastered and released on cd and am confident that it would command steady and continuing sale because this is music that speaks to the heart not just of america but of all who value good song beautifully performed .
1	love this so much . i am so happy it wa on here !
1	i love metric . i have listened to their previous album on repeat for year . and i like pagan in vega very much . however , it is a little more complicated listen than some of their previous work . there are some song on the album that are instant favorite ; obviously the shade , and also fortune , for kick , and too bad so sad . blind valentine , the two the face song , and lie , lie , lie are a little harder for me to get into -- they are just not a catchy and have a rhythm that feel a little jarring . i have a feeling they will grow on me with time , but they just deffer from what i expect from metric . so maybe it is a case of me being too narrow in my taste or letting my expectation keep me from appreciating something worthy . i am giving the album a 4 , but i totally recommend getting it and trying a very good album . frankly , even with the shaken up expectation , pagan is still one of the best album i have heard released in 2015 .
1	i believe nirvana wa one of the greatest band of all time . some may say kurt wasnt a good guitar player or whatnot , but listen to the lyric of this album and try to figure out exactly what they mean . it is in the lyric and how they are delivered were smell like teen spirit start to shine , kurt is an amazing composer and vocalist who left before his time , take a moment to listen to any of the song on this album , i think they are all good especially lithium , which is personally my favorite song of all time . a long a your a fan of good music this cd is definetly worth buying .
1	< 3 omgognioente it came yesterday and i wa so happy~~ inside there wa the album thing+photobook ( i did not open it yet ) , photocards , and a poster ^-^ and it wa nicely packaged with lot and lot of bubble wrap which i enjoyed popping . ty so much < 3 it came in a week ^^ and there were also treat packaged cutely
1	the song ha a nice hook to it . it is an older song from several year ago . but i still love it .
1	great
1	misssissippi at it finest
1	excellent !
1	for those wanting a list of episode included : series 5 , # 7 lurgi strike britain series 6 , # 9 the international christmas pudding series 6 , # 4 napoleon piano series 7 , # 12 the flea i have all of these in my collection ; all of these are funny , but my favorite is napoleon piano
1	i just love george strait is music . his voice is absolutely gorgeous . he is always able to deliver the perfect lyric texas style
1	great beat uplifting music . i enjoy being able to listen to it on my kindle anytime i want . it a great song
1	really enjoyed this rendering
1	great song , easy download to my mp3 and i now can listen to the song every where i go . thanks
1	beautiful , haunting and take me back in time . ani williams is the best when it come to doing her version of egyptian music . her music just feel right
1	excellent song
1	easy way to buy only the song i want
1	both my parent and grandparent have this album and i just recently inherited my grandparent copy . over the year i have come to appreciate the great jazz cut on this album . it is great to know that this music never dy .
1	my favorite song for a while there . i still love it .
1	can not recommend ordering from danny boyz- my cd is overdue 7 day , have emailed twice and gotten no response ! this is a wonderful cd by an annoited worship leader . have enjoyed everything i hear from tommy walker . highly recommend his work just mot from this shipper .
1	amazing ! no two song are alike . a few curse word but my whole family can rock out to it .
1	love this .
1	lovebthis musical ! ! ! the music is amazing ! the packaging wa great .
1	i saw this on youtube and fell in love this symphony . one of the most amazing piece of music . leonard bernstein really make this piece pop . i can not stop listening to it .
1	the music on this album is classic jazz standard and were show cased in a television series here in australia some year ago called come in spinner . both artist on this album vince jones and grace knight are superb . it is a truly delightful experience and i can recommend this if you like good music sung beautifuly .
1	such a beautiful final album from chris cornell . the vinyl sound amazing .
1	brilliant lyric ! i originally heard it a a b-side , but loved it a much a the a-side .
1	loved this cd !
1	they have come out with some great hit and this is one of them . really like the cello in the beginning
1	good
1	need sleep ? relaxation ? this is it . the bubbling sound of water are perfect .
1	lovely song !
1	year before this album , percy faith wa one of the true king of instrumental pop music , especially with his latin-flavored signature style , and admirer of his most classic work are likely to put off by this album just by seeing disco and percy faith in the same sentence ( anybody remember pat boone and his heavy metal ) ? truth be told , nothing on this album ( which wa made just a year before faith death ) is a richly beautiful a theme from a summer place or delicado , but anyone who think that it is an album full of generic dance music made to cash in on the disco craze will be surprised . there is no singing , and all of the song are solid , well-arranged , and have that rich , orchestral aura to them that percy faith is best known for .
1	this collaboration always produce musical goodness . can not wait for the new album from both .
1	i am a new tegan and sara fan and i absolutely love this album . it is so amazing . everyone should by it .
1	love mandisa .
1	awesome song for an awesome movie
1	love it ! !
1	i have loved this song since it came out ...
1	this song just get me pumped with the full awesomeness of the 80 . i wa born in 85 so this kind of music just passed me by until my early 20 , it wa then i fell to me knee and shouted to the heaven what have i done with my life ? ! ! i still have not fully recovered from the earth shattering epiphany i had that day , i wa born in the wrong decade . all i know now is this song is awesome and she said , any way you want it that is the way you need it any way you want it .
1	grace is full of contradictions.in these troubled time it is no suprise . but she finally catch on that there is god who is flow of enduring love . the theme song deputy this in a haunting way .
1	this is very nice indie music album . i liked all the song , light are easy to use and made my day ; )
1	love this song !
1	when i first listened to the cd of the door live at the felt forum , new york city 1970 i wa dumbfounded by the clarity of the soundboard recording and more so by the door feral performance . this wa in 1989 and the box set wa imported from europe and included many photo both in b/w and color of those felt forum concert . it also included jim morrison quote from those performance . so it is quite enlightening to have a chance to listen to a clearer version of the same recording 21 year later with more liner note and the sonic clarity that only bruce botnik , original door engineer , could personally accomplish . these live door recording include the band effort to capture their early 1966-1967 club day intimacy . song like peace frog , soul kitchen , who do you love , moonlight drive , light my fire , maggie mgill , are easy standouts not because of their familiarity but because the band attempt and succeeds a looser , more jazzier approach to their arrangement without compromising the ferocity of the performance . the music sound fresher than previous door concert recording like live in houston ( 1968 ) or live at madison square garden ( 1969 ) . true , the band knew they were recording these felt forum concert but they were also not showboating or posturing because you can not fake the funk on a live audio recording . i suggest anyone interested in the door music try and give live at the felt forum a listen . it is an amazing recording that should have been released not in 1989 or 1979 but when it wa originally recorded . this box set is the missing link that absolutely live wa not absolute about !
1	i am not sure why this bonus is on this album - there are four song by the ray sinatra orchestra , with mary martin doing the singing . that is the plus , a it is always a pleasure to hear her . why should not i is the third standard ( or maybe it is an almost standard ) from cole porter jubilee , and definitely a favorite song of mine . this is a very good straight version , without an excess of jazz improvisation modifying it . the one negative i have on it is that they do not include the opening verse , which ha some pretty wonderful porter melody and lyric ( e.g . i must find some kind persona grata , to give me data , personally ) . for that reason , i think i prefer rosemary clooneys recording of the song .
1	never thought that i would hear from paul simon again . nice tune , esoteric , funky , and with some really different instrument that blend well in the background of the main chordal structure .
1	this is one of the best clarinet cd i own . the repertoire selection is varied , and also very entertaining ! this is not pure highbrow art music , much of it is simply fun to listen to . within a few second of listening , you will realize that you are in the hand of a master . haskells technique is flawless , her tone is consistently gorgeous , and her artistic flourish are tasteful and impeccable . seriously , get this and get ( clarinet ) enchanted .
1	rachmaninov wa best known a a pianist , but he composed three symphony . symphony no . 2 , the best known , wa written in 1906-07 and first performed under the composer direction in 1908. in this symphony , a in much of his oeuvre , rachmaninov wa greatly influenced by the music of tchaikovsky and rimsky-korsakov , and the symphony reflects 19th century romanticism and sentimentality . rachmaninov once said that he wa unable to compose in the atonal style that came to dominate the 20th century . the symphony open with a long slow introduction based on a lugubrious theme . this theme return several time in the course of the symphony a a motto theme , similar to those of tchaikovsky 4th and 5th symphony . the following exposition is repeated in this recording , and the development feature a return to the mood of the introduction . the second movement is a lively scherzo , with an even faster middle section that is actually a speeded up version of the scherzo opening . the third movement adagio feature one of rachmaninov most gorgeous melody , played by the clarinet . the music reach a grand climax in the middle section before a reprieve of the opening . the lively finale start with a modified version of the scherzo theme in the major mode , followed by several interlude that refer back to other theme of the preceding movement . at the end , the motto theme of the symphony is heard a a chorale in the major , followed by a flurry of firework that bring the symphony to an end . this symphony feature lush , romantic melody throughout , and the royal philharmonic under the direction of vernon handley , aided by wonderfully rich sound quality , brings out the symphony lyricism in this fine recording . the tempo are somewhat restrained here ; i have heard more dramatic performance , but this one is top for it lyrical quality . the recording wa made in 1997 and ha been remastered for improved sound , with very impressive result . i highly recommend this recording of this wonderful symphony . one note : amazon list this recording a being available a an mp3 download , but only the second ( scherzo ) movement is available to download . however , the entire symphony is available on cd a part of the royal philharmonic orchestra audiophile collection .
1	i am not a musician , much le a clarinet player , and i only know what i like . listening to the performance of richard stoltzman and richard goode of these mellow , genially melancholy sonata , my only thought wa how lovely they were , and how in my opinion they did full justice to the autumnal beauty of late brahms . therefore looking at the amazon review for this disk , i wa shocked to see how many reviewer seem to have it in for stoltzman . ( question : why ha john marco been allowed to post two copy of the same review for the past seven year ? ) i admit i am not competent to compare and contrast stoltzmans recording of the brahms sonata with those of other clarinetist . i only know that , a a casual but ardent fan of classical music , i found this disk wholly satisfactory .
1	what a beautiful voice !
1	excellent
1	i love love love to drive my corvette to this tune ! ! it is the best ! she is so talented , love her .
1	awesome , soulful doing
1	a great song of praise and worship !
1	classic soundtrack of a classic movie .
1	when i first heard about mitch hedberg , i thought he wa one of the funniest , most original comedian out there . his delivery and his random observation make him someone so unique that there ha never been anyone like him . i wa sad to hear that he passed away before i even got to see him live , but his memory will live on through his album . he had two album released before his death ( mitch all together and strategic grill location ) both of which i believe are more polished than this one . but knowing that i would never be able to hear him perform fresh material make me love this new album . i highly recommend this album if you are a fan of mitch hedberg . if you have not heard any of his stuff yet , check out the other two album first because they are much longer . mitch all together ha 2 disc ( 1 cd and 1 dvd ) while this one is only 39 minute of audio .
1	catchy !
1	great cover
1	oh my , my first love ! what more do i need say and rene and angela say it so well . a a retired dj i have to say from the time this song wa released , it wa one of the most requested especially for wedding . this is one that young a well a u older crowd alike enjoy this well composed song . it is definitely a 5 star .
1	extremely pleased ! i heard a song recently that caught my attention so i looked it up with sound hound . i decided to check out the band to see what else they had to offer . after listening to all of the sample on the album , i wanted more . i love the gritty bluesy sound in the majority of the track . the vocal are great a well . the foreign track they recorded is just beautiful . i assume it is icelandic since thats where they are from . you do not have to understand what they are saying to appreciate it . if you enjoy bluesy-rock with a lot of heart- you will love these guy . i would definitely recommend these tune . i am looking forward to seeing what they offer a a follow-up .
1	great one ! love this song .
1	only good song they ever had .
1	i lov this song
1	another great tune produced by train !
1	beautiful , romantic , passionate song . working out , house cleaning and everyday mundane thing appear more beautiful when listening to this song in english and spanish .
1	ed ames is not a name that is heard mentioned much , but his music wa pure gold , this song is one of those song to tug at your heart string .
1	i would like to say hated it a it is on constant repeat in my car but my daughter love it so there you have it .
1	if you like over you by daughtry then you can probably appreciate this song a well . great ballad !
1	i love ronnie radke . heavy , heart-felt , and overall real . you have to listen to this album . falling in reverse are the perfect answer for those of you looking for that indefinable conglomerate of musical genre . ronnie or crew ... if you see this , i would love a free t-shirt .
1	surprised with the quality and number of track , 20. there are only two track that i skip when playing . especially like pavarotti and sutherland ! truly got my money worth . . . and more .
1	these song get me through my work day and whenever i am working out . my son like them , too ; he is 9
1	i love this song ! it did not get much radio play but the video wa on all the time . i wish this album had been promoted more/better because ne is still hot !
1	i like it
1	i love it : i brought it to listen to at home but now i loaded it on phone and listen it all the time . i would recommend this to all christian music lover .
1	awesome
1	i bought this disc shortly after it is release in the early 90 . it became a favorite but kind of became forgotten over the next 20 year . then one night i wa looking up to the sky and there wa orion directly over me . the song played in my head and i had to have it !
1	love this song !
1	i wa lucky enough to find this album brand new a few month ago . all i have to say is wow . i am a huge icon fan and have the other three . i would rate this a good a right between the eye , which wa always my favorite . jerry vocal are amazing , and the music and songwriting are superb . i like all of the track really , but in your eye , one step behind , forever young , left to be alone , strong love , sweet young sinner and gold bullet are my favorite . pick up a copy if you see it . you will not be disappointed !
1	nice
1	this is very pleasant to listen to . i highly recommend it for anyone who to relax and get away from their mind thought
1	love music
1	amazing voice
1	wow she can really dance . just hearing this song , make me forget my problem four the moment is so cool .
1	very soothing ...
1	love this song , 1 of my favorite song on album
1	you can use this review for all the recent music order i made . enjoying my purchase very much thank again .
1	awesome wrap up to their studio career .
1	awesome ! ! ! best song ever written this year . not just a bunch of noise
1	i wa lucky enough to track down a dvd copy of this -- took year . but , it wa worth the long and arduous search . this band is dreamy , surfy , fun , original , and talented . all instrumental , no distracting vocal . produced 1999 out of santa barbara . the spirit of surf still emanates from socal ! of special mention on this album is the song mother ship . multi-layered , sly , utterly engaging to the ear and brain . interesting use of trombone and glockenspiel . get it however you can .
1	loved it .
1	this song is pure harmony . i have seen them try to play this song without all of the electrical and mechanical addition , and it doe not measure up to the original recording . they would need at least three more singer ! that is what make this song so perfect in it original recorded form . thank god for harmonical equipment !
1	really good cd . some cover , some original music . i expect to hear more great music from this guy .
1	awesome artist all his stuff is great but this is one of my favs . great beat make me move my foot
1	the first time i saw cocker perform wa during a televised version of the woodstock movie . of course i thought , oh that poor man ha cerebral palsy . um , no , just an idiosyncratic performing style . in any case , cocker ha , in my opinion , one of the greatest voice in rock -- and the uncanny ability to transform other people music -especially the beatles tinkely tune into something much grittier and more infectious . i dare you to listen without starting to sway back and forth and play air guitar . delightful and recommended .
1	year of pumping mozart , beethoven and bruckner into my offspring in transit led to a spartacist rebellion . nowadays on pain of death im banned from playing dsm dad strange music in earshot . strangely enough , only beethoven ninth and the emperor concerto do not spark a wasp-like reaction . barbarism is ascendant . at least i tried to avert it . perhaps itll bear fruit in the future . in some way this is not a bad thing a i want to spare them the gnosis of schubert unfinished symphony ( and for that matter , the tchaik 6th a played by herbie & bp on emi from 1971 ) . d 759 is a one-way excursion to the underworld . whenever i listen to it , i feel like lying down and placing a penny on eye for the benefit of mister kite and his buddy charon . the title of hopkins study on the door no-one get out of here alive could just a easily be appropriated by d 759. astronomer who postulate the existence of dark matter but can not locate it in the cosmos would be well-advised to buy a copy of it score . only the bruckner 9th , i suggest , is more plutonic in pith . avoid this version of herbies unfinished from the mid-seventies . it feature the first movement that wa thought to be lost in a studio mix-up . herbie then underwent spinal surgery yuk and eventually returned to the philharmonie to re-record it . decade later , the original take wa discovered and issued a part of the karajan edition from 1996. it not a patch on the remake a if herbie had looked into the abyss ( no , not the bunker ) and it had returned his stare with interest . it is easy to tell them apart . the original last for 1225. the ( superior ) remake run for 1156. the development in the first movement of the latter scare the bejesus out of satan himself thats no mean achievement . to find the remake , exhume the old emi studio remaster from the eighty , or better still , lash out on the warner box where wisdom prevailed in it selection over the original . here , the original is coupled with herbies fourth and best account of d944 where , a he confided , he stopped trying to over-ratiocinate and gave the berliner full rein it superb . the bank of four-chords in the finale are a barbaric yamp across the rooftop and spire of the world . five star for d 944 , and an admonition re d 759 : seek if you must .
1	love this song , just wanted it on a different platform . down loaded immediately .
1	some good , some great , some ok !
1	love this song !
1	it a hot and sexy song for grown folk
1	golden oldie !
1	great classic
1	love the music , but the lyric are beyond inspiration ! ! ! !
1	backstreet boy were huge when i wa a teenager and i love that i can still get their music . i catch a lot of flak for still listening to them but i do not care , they made catchy tune .
1	heard this when my nephew posted it in facebook and liked it . bought it so i can listen to it on my portable .
1	yeah , chicago is great ... i always make fun of band director by quoting them a saying sure , i love jazz ... chicago is my favorite band . but this is a neat direction for them . i actually bought this record a a joke , just to see how bad it would be , with rascall flatts producing chicago ? ! country slickness meet sophistication ? what ? it is a great fit ... the tune are very strong ... lyric cliche abound , but so doe great melody and fun chord . excellent singing , vocal arrangments ( jay mcmanus influence tightens them up , i think ) ; the horn arrangement command your attention , always that high trombone sound cutting thru the mix . great drumming and drum sound ... i love how dry everything is , how you can hear every little detail of these arrangement ... anyway , who knew they had it in them ? i quite dig this record and urge others to give it a try . i kinda wish they would make up with cetera and include him in the fun again ... all the other band are doing it , in their waning year ... they do not have to can jason scheff , either .
1	saw an episode of handel on tv and thought hmmm i would like to listen to him . great to listen to
1	great beat brings you back in time
1	great comeback song for michael english . so great to see his life ha turned around by god grace and forgiveness .
1	ray never fails to deliver ! ! ! another spectacular album from one of country music countriest artist ! ! !
1	anything that this man ha ever sang wa a hit . i wish i owned every song he ever sang . even his movie would be great to own . really though i love listening to gospel a much a a love old country .
1	i absolutely love .... love .... love this cassette tape , so much that i wish i could find it in cd format or figure out who the artist are so i can purchase song individually on itunes .... the music is so relaxing and beautifully played on the piano . my favorite christmas music of all time ! !
1	celtic thunder is such a refreshing group ! they are clean cut , handsome & have fantastic voice ! this album is great a all of their album are . i would highly recommend it !
1	i have been a fan of loris music for several year , and lorraine is a welcome rebound from the good , but nashville-slick unglamorous . the biggest change here is the inclusion of several piano-based song , which are the early standouts on an album full of excellent tune . if he tried is one of them , and the best is album closer still down here , one of the finest song she is ever done . too early to tell whether lorraine is a good a the brilliant bittertown , but that is a tough album to top , and second place in loris gem of a catalog is still a great spot to be in .
1	very entertaining
1	ok
1	a a christian , i am always looking for music that exalts my father . this is a good song for that purpose . easy to follow lyric and music make this a song that memorizes well .
1	i love this song i have a side to me that is not always seen , but this song is me in so many way and probably a few other wemen i might add ! you go girl rock i love all of your music fit my personality ! !
1	love it .
1	i only bought the title track of the cd , since i wa specifically after a thanksgiving song . the sentiment in the song are simple , yet they are that kind of simple which is simultaneously rich . i have played this for some class i work with , and found some teary-eyed kid and teacher when it wa over . it is a winner .
1	great album ! !
1	when time feel like revenge is the answer , listen to this song , god bless all of my bbbiiiiggggg family in jesus christ god is gooood
1	saw this video in the early day of mtv . sound really good came from australia like ac/dc did . shame they did not achieve the success like ac/dc did . really good song
1	i bought this single after losing my double cd a decade or so ago ; my favorite song from the album . itll bring back memory of your angsty junior high and high school day , and all of you young kid can love this song and knowingly tell your friend about how hip you are because you listen to it .
1	have always liked this song but have never added it to my library until i say the david foster hit concert & she made an appearance and brought the house down . great addition if ou do not already own it
1	a decade later , i am still missing you ~butterfly kiss memories~ i hope you are up there smiling down i wonder if you would be proud of me . i never could dance very well , but you taught me to make my own beat and now i dare to dance to a different tune to a song known only to you and me . piano rift , jazz finger ablaze i can still hear your melody and even though you are not around your song forever life in me .
1	love listing to her .
1	ahhhhh i love this song ! ! !
1	if you do not like harry belafonte you need to take medication . : )
1	wow . some seriously amazing stuff on this album .
1	love this song .
1	i had this record of this back in the eighty , and loved it at the time for being such a glorious work of weirdness . i recently scored the disc in a second hand shop and listened again for the first time in more than two decade . it is lost none of it charm . in fact , i think i like it even better now . the camper always tempered their avant-garde tendency with their inherent pop smart , one of the reason their album were always a listenable a they were fun . but here , in the company of the great eugene chadbourne , they let the strangeness fly . the result is an album that , in it most sedate part , is completely off kilter , and at other time run totally off the rail and crash into some genuinely fascinating territory a a result . definitely not for casual camper fan or the easy listening crowd , but if you enjoy sun ra , zappa , john zorn , and other experimental artist , you truly need this album .
1	i have been listening to kid rock for year , i think my taste in music have slowing changed over the year , a ha kid rock music . this ha amazing song beginning to end , not a bad single on the entire album .
1	i have listened to it a much a i listened to the dixie chick fly album when it wa first released .
1	i happen to like this cd because it wa a hit back in 1993. the cd wa very good and catchy . song list : 1. mtame de amor 2. besito en la boquita 3. el negro no puede 4. maria isabel 5. crcel sin rejas 6. la condena 7. sirva m cerveza 8. aguarientosky
1	great song
1	i like this song when i need a little more pep in my step .
1	this song wa the 1st train song i ever heard . ha a great beat and i also listen to it while exercising and swimming lap in the pool .
1	love this song one of his greatest yet
1	love the cover of this one and of course the song
1	i love this song !
1	i love the cd , seems like jay really worked hard and everyone sound great ! ! ! i loved hearing lil sky on there also : ) faith
1	i first heard of amy stroup while scouring the internet for wedding song . just you wa the song i chose to walk down the aisle to , and i have had so many compliment . guest still ask me about the song . after our wedding , i purchased some of her music - love it all .
1	very good song ! well done .
1	when i wa a child and young man , i wa found two song from this show very heartening . the first is you will never walk alone . the short staircase in our house wa somewhat dark , and i used to be afraid of the dark . so when i wa going up to bed , my mother used to sing you will never walk alone , and that made me le scared . the second is you are a queer one , julie jordan . a an only child , i often felt lonely and strange . this song always cheered me up . when i got older , i wa amused by hammerstein play on the word queer . the rest of the song are , of course , fabulous . i love to sing them in the shower , or hum them on the way to the gym . ( i also recommend south pacific for when you want to wash that man right outa [ your ] hair . )
1	good
1	i am in love with this : ) .
1	< 3 dean ! ! and i like this song any time of the year ! !
1	great tune ..... love it !
1	great seller . thank you ! 5 star is for the seller . this band suck . do not ever buy this crap . ever ! i bought for a friend , which i am now rethinking .
1	excellent cd ! ! their best since the 90 classic bloody kiss and well worth the wait ! i only hope their next release will be out soon since this cd make you want more new music . the bonus live cd wa classic a well making the 2-cd set a bargain for the $ 11.99 price .
1	i heard this song in a movie i think . it moved me enough to find this single . if you are blessed/lucky to have a wife like mine then this song should touch your heart .
1	awesomely wonderful !
1	adele , enough said !
1	good stuff
1	there are several excellent track on here . there are also a bunch of joes usual meandering and experimentation . if you are a satriani fan , you will find the latter interesting and fun . there are some track that hearken all the way back to flying in a blue dream , and sound like they came straight out of the 80 which is a fun throwback . the title track , a well a crazy joe , are real standouts . i would give it 4.5 star if i could . amazon a usual get 5 star - not only did it show up quickly but i got the mp3s within about 30 second of ordering .
1	hace un a & ntilde ; o sufr & iacute ; la muerte de un hermano que siempre fue un gran fan & aacute ; tico de rub & eacute ; n y que me introdujo en el fant & aacute ; stico mundo de su m & uacute ; sica . nunca pen & eacute ; que ser & iacute ; a posible para rub & eacute ; n componer algo m & aacute ; s inspirado y profundo que la canciones de amor y control , especialmente los canto alrededor de la muerte de su madre , y la cuales llevo grabadas en la mente y el coraz & oacute ; n desde la muerte de la m & iacute ; a en el 94. sin embargo , tiempos presenta un nivel de creatividad e inspiraci & oacute ; n similar o mayor que aquel . hay en & eacute ; l nuevos ritmos y sonoridades ( mar del sur , viento y madera ) , mensajes sociales ( sicarios -los reto & ntilde ; o de pedro navaja- , 20 de diciembre ) e introspectivos ( vida ) , adem & aacute ; s de fuertes elementos de un amor extinguido que me arrancan l & aacute ; grimas al pensar en la familia de mi hermano ( d & iacute ; a a d & iacute ; a , t & uacute ; y mi ciudad ) . finalmente , tambi & eacute ; n estoy maravillado por la inclusi & oacute ; n de m & uacute ; sicos costarricenses ( editus y jazz latino ) que le aportaron una nueva dimensi & oacute ; n a esta obra maestra , y agradecido con vos rub & eacute ; n por deleitarnos con tu siempre excelente m & uacute ; sica ( y por el fant & aacute ; stico concierto que dieron en costa rica ... erick desde el cielo no dej & oacute ; de bailar ! ) . no dejen de tenerlo en su colecci & oacute ; n y no se pierdan su concierto si tienen la oportunidad ...
1	it been forever since i fell in love with an album , whatever happened to great music ? ? ? but here it is finally ! ! love amy winehouse , she ha the most unique voice and love every single song . her word are raw and edgy but very real . no more barbies singing silly song ...
1	this is an amazing song . it is dark and rich and truly unique . the first time i listened to it , i thought uh .... this is kinda weird .... but a i listened to it i began to really get it and now i love it ! any song that can expand your musical boundary like that is pure genius .
1	used for a class
1	i heard someone else sing the song at a party . i remembered hearing the song year ago and i had to have it . very nice song .
1	bad a $ $ song , a must have .
1	some of the song are great , but there are a few that perhaps are not quite his type of song to sing . we are such fan though , for so many year , that we still enjoy it .
1	excellent song , one of my favorite . the first time i heard it , i immediately knew itd be a good song ( for me ) . it is fairly catchly i guess . i like the background beat . there is not much to write about a song , but one word can sum it up . excellent .
1	ok , i do not understand a word in any scandinavian language , but it is not too difficult to guess the theme of the song on the x-mas albumm , is it ? . korbergs rendition of carol , both popular in english ( like silent night ) and those i never heard before is warm , soulful and thoroughly enjoyable .
1	it is like listening to linken park - prof christian music is just a good a any other out there .
1	it sad that these lady never got the respect or fame they should have .
1	easily their best album prior to their sound-change in the 70 , and their most challenging musically . released a a double-album in 1969 , it is not long by today standard ( at 64 min ) , but it wa a radical departure . note that on 2 lp , there were 4 side of music , and on this album they are arranged carefully . the album open with the 7-1/2 min title track , a hauntingly sad song with wailing discordant vocal and long instrumental passage - accoustic ( classical ) guitar and cello ! the next two song fit smoothly into the mood . side 2 throw a change of pace with the bluesy marley purt drive , then the short piece edison and melody fair ( which should have been a single - they later collected it on best of vol 2 ) . suddenly ha an extremely interesting guitar beginning , and the side trail off with the odd jarring ending of whisper whisper . side 3 begin with the dramatic chord of lamplight , then the poignant little ballad sound of love . at this point the fun relief of give your best is very welcome . then the album go right back to serious , with two classical style instrumentals . i particularly like the seven sea symphony . side 4 sneak up on you with the quiet beginning to i laugh in your face . the great song first of may is in this section ; sad , like all the other great song on this album . the album end with the orchestral piece british opera , which echo ( reprises ) the orchestral stuff from side 3 , and trail off . the album doe not quite hang together a a concept album ; lyrically there are odd departure ( edison ? whisper whisper ? ) . but the sound is very distinctive beginning to end , and the mood is consistently dark and brooding . most of all , the adventurous music-making is a hallmark all the way thru . every song is very interesting musically , with inventive arrangments and often surprising lyric . it is a shame that this album broke them up , and that they did not quite accomplish what they were trying to do . but what they did accomplish is an absolutely terrific album .
1	great music
1	great music
1	everything wa fine .
1	my favorite version of the ave maria ! i particularly like that there is not a lot of vibrato . so happy amazon ha this !
1	mary mary is dynamite . their voice are angelic together , and this is the perfect combination . god in me is my ringback tone . i love this group a gospel is front and center . buy this song , and then buy the album . you will love mary mary a much a i do .
1	i just watched the short film on the making of the soundtrack and a it progressed i found myself leaning in further and further toward the screen of my computer . this soundtrack is just beautiful . it make me feel like jumping on a trampoline and making a fort . karen o is a goddess .
1	a+
1	any music lover must see this music . i have seen the old version and the new one where blake shelton sings the theme song . i love it !
1	way better than i thought . i basically bought it for one song hoping there others were good and i got a great cd where i like every song ! cant wait to see them live ! ! ! !
1	the new no . 2 best cd yet . alot of creative writing here . dhani harrison voice ha a hint of his father
1	this is one hell of a great song . gaga stand up , she walk over to her piano , sits down , wearing her unique style of fabulous clothing . she start to play the piano like the best elton john moment , and this song come out a if freddie mercury is inside her vocal chord and she is amazing . the tune , the note she take to place other artist do not dare to go ( or can not ) . i am in love . no matter is gaga is playing it for 3 people or 30,000 , she always put her heart into every performance .
1	love , love , love . have it on repeat at work .
1	i have always liked the joy of the song ! it is fun and easy to dance to . everyone is always ready to form a line and boogie !
1	song speaks for it self . i plan on buying the whole album just because of this song . reminds me almost of matthew west in a way . it is just awesome .
1	great music ! glad i can buy only the track i want
1	this album ha some amazing track and is extremely strong a a whole . i highly recommend it !
1	loved it then and love it now . sound great , clear without static . ha a much meaning now a it did then . maybe more .
1	beautiful music . i can imagine myself flying a i listen to much of these inspirational score of music ! one of my favorite is test drive and the other is romantic flight .
1	my granddaughter , 9 and 15 , came for a visit . we played these two tape everywhere we went . it wa so wonderful to find music we could all listen to and enjoy !
1	love this tune !
1	darius doe not make music like this anymore but it wa great while it lasted . great tune - we love it !
1	thank you ! the sound of zamfir is soul touching ! this man is incredible ! i listen to it at home and i take it to work to play for my senior . it make for relaxing and peaceful time ! thank you zamfir and amazon !
1	great music !
1	i have always loved this song .
1	the effect of this cd opened a whole new world of dinosaur for young child . combining sound effect with prop intrigued young child to expand their learning of an unknown world . highly recommend this cd for learning and for relaxation ! !
1	with a string of hit of hit third eye blind still rank up there with one a my favorite band , and i can not get enough .. you .. you .. you ty for the great music , babylonbruce
1	kind of an andrew sister quality .... i love the gloria gaynor rendition , but this one is fun , too . i recommend it .
1	amazing
1	a must have for your music collection !
1	could not have chosen two magnificent singer to sing this particular song .
1	i have always loved johnny gill from the very start of his career . his voice is so rich and sexy !
1	i bought this song after hearing it on a trial version of satellite radio . holy cow my kid can not get enough of it . i like the story too . who is this guy ? i think i will buy his cd .
1	obviously , a some of you likely release that what ( would be my guess ) a to what draw most fan to this kangaroo moon cd is the gong connection - which of course is member mark robson - who appears on a couple of magick brother title along with daevid allen . between two world is better than i had expected . tune that definitely did it for me were the eight-minute well-played market space , the inspiring [ a well a inventive ] cool & calm & bright , the astounding seven-minute gong-like surfing with dr. morph , the ass-kicking olympus and the title cut between two world . personnel : mark robson - synthesizer , didgeridoo , piano & whistle , jerry bewley electric and acoustic guitar & vocal , maurice cernigoi - bass and matt ledgar - drum & percussion . only other disc that i saw by kangaroo moon is belongil but unfortunately , i could not find it anywhere .
1	i really loved the lyric of these song . they say what we all think but can not put into word . i especially liked little eye . what a powerful message for all of us-especially those of u who have or work with child . this is a cd everyone should have in their collection .
1	liked.it very much
1	unbelievable voice ! awesome music !
1	just a beautiful a always . definitly family blue grass , southern gospel type music . you will love the down home church type feel of the music the rochester always bring to a church service .
1	this west coast bar band deserves a national audience . this album is one of the best irish collection that i have seen , with rousing rendition of tipperary and the wearing of the green being my favorite . i happened to run accross an ad while searching the net , and ordered a couple of their disk . both are real howler ; pick up a copy if you can . i would love to see this bunch in concert ; i hope that they make it to the tampa area someday .
1	what a truly fantastic album . this album wa recorded live at the palace in louisville , ky. for those who have not been there , take allisons word for it it is one of the most beautiful theatre in the world . back in the 60 this wa a movie theater that wa converted to a concert venue . it is appropriate that this band play this theater , since they produce some of the most beautiful neo bluegrass sound i have ever heard . buy this ... you will not regret it .
1	you enjoyed tommorow will be too long ( in fact strange boutique & love zombie ) . well , it is time for you to buy their third album , unfortunatly the last one with genious guitarist lester square ( some people play accoustic guitar , some others play lectric guitar , and lester square play intelligent guitar ) but be glad , one more release a good a the others s waiting for you , rendez-vous at volume , contrast , brillance ...
1	loved this song for so long ,
1	i should take the few minute to find out who wrote this amazing song ! the lyric are awesome . i never get tired of hearing tim mcgaw
1	such a beautiful concerto played by frederyk chopin .
1	good song
1	wonderful song !
1	i love this song . that is one of those that just make your day when you listen to it . g b
1	classic
1	this song is a banger . the whole cd wa worth listening too .
1	this is one of our favorite song , we always waited for it to come on sirrus , now we can play it anytime .
1	ever since i downloaded this album , i had it on rotation , in the house & in the car . i just can not get enough of the sexy sound on this mp3 !
1	i love this song !
1	great song . exactly like i like it . i wa getting all kind of rocky mountain high this summer . very nice .
1	all the song on this cd are great .
1	mjb can do no wrong in my book . having said that , this cd is refreshing and a nice change of pace from all the pop fare out there . always heartfelt and her voice is better than ever .
1	kane brown is the best ever ! ! ! !
1	i am quite partial to a bit of old school rap and young mc , i believe , is one of the good ole boy . this album ha a distinct feel and pulse to it , containing an excellent mix of smooth lyrical flow with a healthy dash of funk . in a way , i think this record wa ahead of it is time with track like bust a move and know how a righteous and cool today a they were back in the day .
1	one of my fav song
1	in kathleen battle rendition of sweet low/sweet chariot , you hear opera , classical , gospel and the blue ... all encapsulated into this story-telling highly artistic song . to the southern plantation of 200 year ago , ms. battle take you . she voice the extreme suffering of the african-american slave . in the cotton field , she place you . she sings the visceral outcry for relief from bondage . in the world of music , her version of this hymn is uniquely unforgettable ... unparalleled . her male back-up choir add a burst of power to this song . her heaven sent vocal chord are tributary . ms. battle lauds the men , woman and child ... through spiritual strength , who somehow managed to survive the brutality of the ungodly institution of american slavery .
1	this re-release is proof that joco ha some class . i , however , do not . so i am free to say fox can eat a bag of dick .
1	i have had this cd for a number of year . i still love it . bought another one to send to my sister . oh yeah i got to see him in concert at the gorge at george wa . most excellent !
1	music on this album clearly resembles music of mus first recording . gripping ! exciting ! storytelling . love it .
1	i loved the fact i can download straight to the computer .. awesomeness and really fast service . i will keep this seller in mind when i need more music for wedding and such .
1	excellent reggae , good beat , good rasta singing , ja man , give me a mellow buzz just listening . light one today
1	awesome guitarist and awesome song ...
1	been in constant rotation since i got it !
1	excellent music . the tune rank with some of the best they have done and lyric that are more political than usual .
1	this is my most favourite album ... ( though mile davis kind of blue , u2s war , bruce cockburns the charity of night and sam phillips cruel invention are close ... ) the quieter song evoke a magical atmosphere ... their poetry and power reflect a very warm and gentle understanding of the human condition ... yet the brokenness is embraced by hope , mystery and miracle ... the guitar sings in billy hand most exquisitely ... he dance and soar so freely on the guitar string that one is reminded of the perfect phrasing of ella fitzgerald , louis armstrong and mile davis ... the upbeat song have energy , humour and an understated thoughtfulness ... and they are fun to listen to ... the album is best listened to at night ... but i love driving to this album , day or night ... thank you , billy , for a beautiful , moving masterpiece that is most wonderfully alive ...
1	this is a magnificent piece by wislocki . i am going to try and buy the cd .
1	you should read stephen wilkes review first : & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/here-to-there/dp/b002e2nhgq/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > here to there < /a > ok ? i will just add , me too . a very good album . i own it on vinyl , probably since sometime in the 70 . man in the big hat is the most memorable song on the album . it read differently now than in 1969. cave creek , arizona is now a suburb of scottsdale , and harolds cave creek corral is now a big dance club for weekend wannabe from the valley . progress ha marched on . there really are not any weak track here , and i like both voice and music . quiet ballad , mostly . recommended . happy listening -- peter d. tillman
1	great song
1	heard wide eye on sirius and bought this on the strength of that - wasnt disappointed . great album with some immediate favourite ( airplane , cubism dream ) and some grower ( shape shifter , who know who care , stranger thing ) . a definite buy - my favourite purchase for some time .
1	this cd is really good a is billy first one . i think that billy will have a long career . he doe a great job on the kenny rogers cover of lucille and i love the 2nd track . it ha a great beat to it . the title track is among my faves ! it is a definite must have .
1	i knew what i wanted and i went for it . thanks for offering it . a we lay is my favorite for various reason , but this is more uptempo . i love her voice .
1	great cd by one of the top band around today ...
1	i wa looking for music for a project and came across this instrumental . it wa not appropriate for my current project , but i liked it so much i bought it anyway . it ha a real spaghetti western sound , and reminds me of robert rodriquez film also . i hope i get to use if for something someday .
1	it very good chantimng ....
1	very good album for relaxation .
1	a an orchestral musician , it would be easy to approach this recording with a critical ear . but within moment of hearing the rich acoustic of the cathedral , the purity of the voice and the blend of the ensemble , one is lost in the meaning and passion of durufles writing . this recording is not about prowess and brilliance . it is about worship . it is about humility and grace applied to an aural canvas . allow durufle to paint his praise on your canvas ...
1	yeah it is true that this wa the most overrated release of 2003. but it is also true that this wa the best album that he ha ever made ( next to guess who is back ) . every wack album after this prof it . in da club wa a huge record for him and many men , wanksta , what up gangsta pretty much kept this album afloat . eminem make two dominating appearance on here ( patiently waiting and dont push me ) . eminem floored 50 on patiently waiting and both em and lloyd bank leave 50 in the dust in dont push me . back down while overrated wa a good dis record towards ja rule and murda inc but they could have kept alex thomas fruit basket a * * off of the record though . got ta make it heaven is tight a well a the three bonus track : wanksta , u not like me and life on the line . contrary to popular belief this album is not a classic . blood hound feat young buck is weak . like my style feat tony yayo is straight garbage and poor lil rich , p.i.m.p. , and 21 question feat nate dogg have filler written all over them . by the way , the bonus dvd is not worth mentioning . other than that , this album wa good but way overhyped . even though grodt is overrated in comparison to what came after it , grodt is one of the few g-unit release worth mentioning . standouts : what up gangsta , patiently waiting , many men ( wish death ) , in da club , heat , if i cant , back down , dont push me , got ta make it to heaven , u not like me and life on the line .
1	loved the 2nd disc the most . give you a real insight a to the going on at the recording session . elvis loud and clear . that golden voice . heaven .
1	great quality . wonderful music ! our four little boy love listening to mary on our car ride ! would definitely reccomend this cd !
1	it music so not much to say i would not buy it unless i liked it . i definitely enjoy the ability to buy individual song via mp3 instead of having to waste money buying an entire album .
1	reba is amazing
1	great on computer but hard to load to android .
1	easy download ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! fast download ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! no problem what so ever ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1	love it ! so glad i bought the entire mp3 album ! absolutely the gest best !
1	great song !
1	for those of you who remember larry lujack and tommy edward from the great day of rock radio at wls in chicago , then you are familiar with their morning feature animal story . for those of you who are too young to remember them , you will also love this volume of some of the wacky animal-related story that listener would send them to read on air . i already owned the hilarious animal story cd vol . i & ii and wa delighted with my recent purchase of vol . iii . the story are a hilarious and clever a the first two volume , and listening to lil snot nose tommy crack up when lujack delivered his straight line caused me to laugh out loud with him . if you remember these two great dj and wls , you will love volume iii . listening to them brings back so many great memory of the 60 , 70 , and 80 when wls wa truly the greatest rock and roll station in the country . for the younger set , you can get a sense of what radio wa like back in those day , when dj were more than just dj -- they were true personality . larry lujack and tommy edward were two of the best ever , and they prove it with this hilarious third cd of those wacky story . ow-ooooooooooo ! ! ! !
1	great album from a great band . it a shame they have not released anything in a very long time .
1	i think good tree is a very good cd . allison and her band have great song and allisons voice is beautiful . i am from baton rouge and i have seen the band play many time at the caterie and i must say , their onstage performance is amazing . if you want to listen to some good music with great lyric that doesnt sound like everything else you hear on the radio , good tree is the album to get . you will not be disappointed . keep up the good work allison !
1	this track is a infectious a it is inspirational .... like she said it is a feel good record . it is very enchanting and mystical . people need to be mindful of the fact that this is the title track for a movie , it wa written specifically for the movie . shine on mimi !
1	this is one amazing album ! the last track , awakening , is one of the most beautiful piece of music i have heard in a very long time . the whole album is extraordinary , and the occasional use of water effect add a unique touch to the music . jo blankenburg is a very talented composer who contributes to the world of film and television advertising . here are a few other album he ha composed : & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/elysium/dp/b008uy7dlm/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > elysium < /a > & nbsp ; and & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/vendetta-position-music-orchestral-series-vol-6/dp/b004sptnfg/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > vendetta - position music orchestral series vol . 6 < /a > $ 4.95 is an amazing price for this set : yes , there are only five track - but they are very long track , and in total you get over an hour of music ( which is about the same amount a most 10-20 track album ) . given that i like the artist , at this price i figured i would give this album a try . i am so glad i did .
1	what can i say it is stevie wonder and i knew him first a little stevie wonder , he is one of the very best . his work ha stood the test of time a testament to his considerable talent .
1	this song really minister to one spirit ... if you are seeking help , direction , uplifting , meditate in this song ... be blessed !
1	love this song and his voice
1	loved it
1	excellent sound .
1	download easy
1	dwight yoakam is just about the best practitioner these day of classic country ( or whatever the marketer are calling it right now ) . the music is clear and crisp , the singing terrific and the lyric at the top of this form . a thousand mile from nowhere can be heard a a heartbreaker or a the cry of a fellow aiming for a fresh start . then there is the duet with buck owen called street of bakersfield that is a wonderful homage to the music that owen perfected half a century ago . it is a masterful album and a great listen .
1	my baby girl love it ! every time i put it in she is dancing from start to finish ! ! ! ! !
1	glad i found it . great song . remember it from when i wa a kid . listen to it on at 40 .
1	great .
1	the juxtaposition of natalie a a gangster rapper is perfect . just listen to the sample and you will have to buy this .
1	great show album
1	i love the music from that era . i have some of this set . i will be getting more of this set .
1	awesome quality mp3 . i love kurt lass but not normally christmas song . this one i like . sound good on small ear bud and on large home stereo system !
1	i have always been a huge fan of christinas music & amazing voice . her new cd lotus is by far one of her best ever . i purchased the cd 3 week ago and have not taken it out of my car cd player . i would highly recommend this cd to anyone who ha been through a rough relationship .
1	wow ! this wa the first album i bought by aziza . if you can play piano like that , sing like that , write like that and let u face it ; look like that , you can not go wrong . the track daha ( always ) is her best ever , vocally ! buy it !
1	this is another one of those song that ha such a great beat that it really would not have mattered what the lyric were . maroon 5 produced several hit track on this album .
1	getting this album wa long over due
1	hard one to find , make that money is my fave on here . get one if you are a real cooper fan people
1	i wa pleasantly surprised when i loaded this disc up for a listen . great recording . excellent fidelity . after listening to internet radio for awhile i had forgotten how dynamic a cd can sound if the recording is top notch . this disc set is spot on , and a very good collection of some of tims work .
1	great product ; great seller
1	it is one of the best daft punk song i have heard in year . i hope the rest of the album is this good .
1	i love when god move and break every chain that hold me back and allow me to be all i can be in him .
1	very pleased with this .
1	his sound is very close to fred hammond , but then it is not . love his energy and his talent . make the investment , it is worth it .
1	elvis covering springsteen -- what could be wrong with that ! ?
1	this album wa great freddie gibbs definitely show his growth and versatility on this album fire
1	love it . it is the best .
1	i will look here for song i can not find from my regular store . the song arrangement wa great . if you are looking for a song you will probably find it here .
1	this is a lovely rendition and well worth the purchase price . you ; ll definitely enjoy listening to it over and over again .
1	still a very good album
1	love this album ! !
1	love
1	i have great memory with this song . i think that this is the first rap song
1	this is a great song ! i bought the album a decade ago and i still listen to their song !
1	this one is so new it is almost familiar . they have element that seem like i should know who they are and yet the new radical are not a band from my day ( the 1970s and the 1980s ) . they carry some of the spice of the old stone , some of the smooth transition of the older classic rocker , and they have a carrying style all their own . it is hard to say why , but it is just good stuff .
1	just plain good stuff ......... from late 60 , s to early 70 , s solid rock & roll .. you must get your hand on hellbound train from spooky tooth
1	good song
1	great
1	i am not familiar with any of her music but this song due to orange is the new black , but i had to pick it up . simply awesome . will definitely look into more of her music now .
1	i appreciated to be able to listen to this awesome band after all this time . eastern european punk and rock music used to mean something and kino personified this .
1	i enjoy listening to bullock while i read or study . a good variety of instrument and song . some get repetitive at time , but i think that go with the nature of the music .
1	one of randys best , with special meaning of course . just a great song , harmony , and meaning .
1	josh groban is one of the best singer yet , his voice is given straight from heaven . i recommend all his song .
1	this is an awesome song . i chose it because it ha good lyric , a good beat and i get excited when i hear this song . i would recommend it to family and friend .
1	what a cool song . i wa introduced to it by a very good friend and we worked it into the arrangement at my daughter funeral .
1	amazing for meditation
1	scc is always good and minister to my music-loving heart .
1	coldplay is one of my very favorite band and i love love love this song christmas light one of my very favorite christmas song so so good , so glad i got it , so happy with my purchase .
1	this is my favorite song hand down . the killer are my favorite band and this song is pretty inspiring . love blasting it in the car .
1	let it hit billboard . jussie is timbalands new muse .
1	had to have it , what more can i say ?
1	my favorite track is the title song , born and raised , which feature angelic harmony by david crosby and graham nash ( of course ! ) , and find the tabloid-riddled artist applying balm to his quarter life crisis with a dose of thirty-something maturity . in revealing intimate detail of his own life ( i.e. , his parent recent divorce , his stupid mouth , his numerous cringe-inducing tweet , etc . ) mayer is giving voice to a generation of emerging adult navigating the coming-of-age process in the era of social medium and public meltdown . andy warhol notorious 15 minute of fame prediction brought to life . from this perspective , mayer album is nothing short of a public service . teenager , take note !
1	< a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/this-endris-night/dp/b003h37u5a/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > this endris night < /a > we listen to a lot of christmas music . my husband is an organist at an episcopal church and we both happen to like christmas music anyway . having said that this album rank among our favorite . the arrangement are fresh and lovely ; bowed psaltery , hammered dulcimer and recorder intertwine with timeless melody and understated percussion . heather voice is clear , expressive and lovely . her unique jazzy version of the holly and the ivy alone would be worth picking up this album for but her treatment of patapan , i saw three ship and the huron carol are also of special note . this will become a favorite on your holiday playlist ! !
1	this one is for my wife to be
1	i just do not know what i can add to anyone who is a whitney houston fan that ha not downloaded something of whitney . i just loved this woman to much not to continuously keep up the beat . nothing can make that voice go bad in her older day of singing . love and blessing still going out to my girl
1	my boy are 6 and 3 year old and this is their favorite song ! nothing better than a 3 year old singing that his god is awesome : )
1	this song is fantastic . i play it everyday . robin thicke is the best singer ! ! ! this song is great . love it ! ! !
1	love it ! i am a fan of kirk franklin -- if i could afford it , i would have his entire music collection ! ! !
1	1. normal madness 2. cool a hell 3. mrs. atom-bomb 4. holidys in amsterdam 5. crazy 6. can your jackyl do the hyde 7. famous f * ck 8. stranded on earth 9. happy judgement day 10. cosmic dictator 11. oh yeah 12. ready to piss off 13. north to alaska 14. good morning revolution 15. no place to gogo 16. i believe in elvis
1	rock and roll !
1	i probably do not have to explain the simple math i just did . but just in case , what i am saying is this : if you are a disturbed fan or really like david vocal style ( or both like me ) you are going to enjoy this and if you do not then you probably will not . most of the song on here have part in them where you can pretty much find a counterpart in a disturbed song . daves vocal style is exactly the same . if you come at this knowing what to expect you will be fine . a a bonus , there are awesome collaboration on here . lzzy hale ( on a great cover of ozzy and litas version ) , m. shadow , serj tankian , geezer butler , glenn hughes and an excellent cover of an excellent nine inch nail song . there is a lot ot enjoy on this album . i will admit to a +1 star bias though , i would probably have given it 4 star if i did not love disturbed so much ( and i am a big fan of daves vocal style and i really love most of those collaboraters lol ) . all in all , not really an original venture , kinda like disturbed electronica if you will . i for one , do not think of that a a bad thing . a for the song themselves , my personal favorite are : penance , out of line , haze and wish . i do skip one track though and that would be through it all , i do not dislike the song but for whatever reason it just doe not really catch me either . i do love his cover duet of close my eye forever with lzzy hale of halestorm , she is one of my fave female rocker of our current time . the song itself is not one of my personal faves , but adding her to it make me a happy guy . i very much enjoy all the rest of the song on here . i have had device on repeat play for the last 3 week and never got tired of it . so i do recommend this album , and would hope people do not judge it on circumstance . i do think it will be a take it or leave it deal for most with the deal breaker being their feeling for disturbed . but it is quite good and worth a listen imo .
1	did you ever listen to hip hop from good ol germany ? no ? well , you missed something . fettes brot ( fat bread in english ) and the easy listening musician james last worked together to produce this great title . buy and enjoy .
1	awesome collection
1	great cover of a janis joplin classic . slade ha a lot of song that get overlooked , but they can rock out when they want to ! .
1	been standard product when corce first introduced it . it ha just hung around a aspecial effect . now it is considered a dance tune .
1	this is song of the year ! i woke up the other morning with this song in my head ! ! i love happy !
1	ok , i am showing my age here but i remember this coming out err um , 31 year ago . i never grow tired of it . definitely one of madonna best ! !
1	who is brain behind this operation ? please come forward and take a bow . bow wow wow wow . then pick up the bossa stone . can not wait for the bossa kink .
1	word can not describe my emphatic enthusiasm for this musical .
1	it is a simon and garfunkel classic . how can you not like it ? and getting it from amazon wa very easy .
1	sweet song to listen to . great singer , and love all his song but really love this sweet song . it is fun to listen to
1	the melody is inspiring . the song just make you think about where you are in your spiritual journey . it is a great reminder to keep constant contact with god .
1	fantastic
1	hard love is an anthem- a fist pump- for anyone who ha ever had to love someone through hard time . it is the title track for the latest album by needtobreathe , a band that continues to evolve both lyrically and musically while continuing to write honest , relatable song . needtobreathe is one of those band who must be experienced live to be fully appreciated . the passion , energy , and personality the band exudes bring the music to another level .
1	good a always . his interpretation of this song represent yusef a he sounded year ago when i first saw him in philadelphia .
1	i like the music and the vocal . thats why i bought it . asking me to a song i downloaded it ludicrous !
1	very good collaboration between daft punk , pharrell and nile .
1	this sexy song reminds me of some sort of marvin gaye , mj combination . outstanding melody . digital sound quality is excellent ! vocal styling is out of this world !
1	lovely tune , have the lp from 70 , had to add ity to pc
1	great
1	norah jones is an incredible talent and this song is indicative of what she can do . it wa her biggest hit and one of the most beautiful song that ha come along in a long time .
1	i have found this very helpful when i can not fall back to sleep again . i keep it on an mp3 player on my night stand . i don ; t think i have reached the end of it awake in many us .
1	i heard laura viers being interviewed on npr . i did not rush right out and get her cd but found myself thinking about it over the next few day . finally i bought it , and listened to it all the way through , and again ... and again . right now it is in my player more than any other cd . it is easy to understand why the decemberists guy ha already proclaimed this the best album of 2010. i also hear a little neko case in her voice , and the arrangement sometimes suggest sufjan stevens - all comparison that have been made elsewhere . she is indie , through and through . to me her music is calming . the music is mostly pretty stripped-down . i like all the song so much , it seems wrong to pick favorite , but i especially like carol kaye and wide eyed legless ( the latter in which she set poetry by rimbaud to music ) . it is exciting to dicover a new artist ( new to me anyway ) , and laura viers is a good one !
1	love this song
1	a familiar christmas carol with a moving reminder of what make the birth so important . well done !
1	love this song
1	it is prince ! plain and simply a legend ! # rip
1	i would not have bought it if it wa le than four star .... made my hand clap
1	get yourself some stephanie miller , get yourself some decent chardonnay , and you will have a good ol time !
1	great
1	well deserved all the praise it gotten over the decade . i have loved it since it came out back in the 60 . wanted it played at my wedding but the house band claimed they did not have the music so played colour my world .
1	eric arceneaux ha a style that is missing from today music . the album itself is good . my favorite track are say goodbye and will not be afraid
1	i just purchased this cd and it is just a i expected . i love the sound of guitar , no lyric . it is so relaxing , my 2 cat love it too . it relaxes them a well .
1	i love the song , i am touched .
1	from the opening note , the listener is enveloped in a soft warm cocoon of heavenly choir sound on the album title track . it is a wonderful welcome that prepares you for the serene listening experience that is about to unfold . a the piece develops , light percussive touch are added . what is interesting , however , is that in a lot of music the beat or percussion is much more prominent in the mix driving the song , while the more atmospheric element are in the background . here it is the opposite , and the percussion add a subtle sense of forward motion without overpowering the ambience . it is a lovely balance that brought to mind the music of english recording artist medwyn goodall , a a reference point . while the next track , mystic voyage doe not have percussion a gently percolating sequencer provides momentum . the keyboard melody that david play over his ethereal background are often understated and serve to maintain the meditative air . on whisper from eternity , wind and sparkling harp glissando create a timeless soundscape to drift away on . one of my favorite tune wa metamorphose , which evolves from a dreamy formless state to a more upbeat , motion-driven composition . i particularly liked all the little spacey electronic sound that weave in and out of the sonic tapestry . another sound that added a refreshing new voice wa the airy flute melody that grace a track called devi . a number of term from eastern religion appear in david title , reflecting the inspiration of his music . david commitment to creating music that foster inner peace is part of what appeal to me about the album and give the music it lofty ambience . while david is classically trained on piano , he is quite adept in the ambient electronic realm and ha an excellent sense of the kind of sound , and their arrangement , that will enhance the ethereal nature of his composition . each song is distinctive yet they flow together in a beautifully cohesive listening experience that allows the listener to remain immersed in the soothing vibe they create from beginning to end . in addition to enjoying it for active listening , it also make a perfect backdrop for meditation , yoga , massage , or just relaxing after a long day . with his latest release , david wahler ha crafted a spirit-filled soundtrack to serenity that could appeal to a wide audience .
1	just buy it ! ! great cd ! ! and autographed ! ! woooohooooo !
1	well , my mother used to say this to me , and i think it is true . but what is really great is the way clarkson belt out this song . man ! this one wa written and recorded to sing along with .
1	live at the ballroom must have been an amazing event . larry adler and elli larkins ( piano ) live ... with the added addition on the cd of george gershwin ( among others ) on piano roll . adler could make the harmonica sound like a full orchestra and elli is in his usual top form . a must cd if you want to hear the master at the top of his game .
1	i had this album on casette tape and decided to get it on cd finally . wore out the tape ( lol , doubt i still have a casette player in the house ) and this is one gorgeous album !
1	great song
1	sonny boy wa a smooth a silk and i love the sound of that low c harp .
1	nice baby wes
1	this is my favorite lynyrd skynyrd song
1	this album is very strange . the production is about the worst you have ever heard , which is unfortunate because these guy place some very intense technical thrash- especially for 1991. you can expect some very original riffing , impressive drumming , and bizarre , powerful vocal . plan of observation is probably my favorite song . the overall heaviness is definitely hurt by the hollow guitar tone and flat drum . give it a chance though , it is still way better than most other new renaissance band . i am not sure if this review get attached to the seller who sold me this album , but if it doe ... they suck ! they sold me a copy with a hole-punched barcode and the cd wa in fact pressed with a song missing . apparently this album is famous for being misprinted , and you need the lp or cassette to get the missing song . either way , i returned the cd but only after the lady tried to guilt trip me by saying she run some battered woman shelter and return like mine take money away from them . then it turned into a personal attack about how rude i wa about the whole affair . my fault for thinking a collector item cd would come with an intact booklet , not to mention all of the album song . her final f.u . statement wa something to the effect of good luck finding this album anywhere else , jerk ! ! ! . yes , if only there wa another way to obtain music nowadays .
1	one of my favorite song . happy to finally get mp3 version . what more can i say ? these word are too many .
1	sleek and zef !
1	what is not to like !
1	a good country song on my sansa fuze i enjoy every day a i work . enjoy these country song . love it
1	do not we all ? we look in the wrong place
1	good song , of course , remembered it when i heard the black lillie cover it
1	quel plaisir de dcouvrir de artiste comme kem . sa voix douce qui accompagne la musique vous prend et vous tranporte dans un voyage de ref paisibles . dfinitivement un album que tout amoureux de ce genre de musique doit possder . mon seul regret ... ne pa lavoir connu plus tot .
1	a good song from a pretty good band .
1	this is truly a great cd with great acoustic and lyric they give a top performance with no exception . if you like them , you will like this .
1	she is outstanding
1	great
1	a very good song .
1	great song from a great new artist , can not wait to see her live
1	smooth cut
1	my daughter love this . she listens to it over and over . after we watched the movie we immediately came home to download this .
1	i love this song
1	there is some nostalgia associated with this song that instantly take me back to when the neo-soul movement wa red hot . this is a must have for your romantic playlist and serf a a time capsule for a fantastic period in soul music .
1	haunting music -- well suited to end of this movie - looking to get more of ms. elson
1	this is the definative moment in music history . this is the manifesto of heavy metal . this changed the way the world viewed music . ride the lightning is by far their best work . the first song i ever heard wa for whom the bell toll absolutely change my view of music
1	love this song !
1	i love this song , the cd arrived in great condition
1	riveting !
1	will put you to sleep in no time just sit back , listen , and relax
1	this song is awesome ! ! ! ! !
1	this is an amazing song ! i could loop it on repeat for hour . watch the snl skit so you can see how powerful this song is .
1	there are notoriously few tool for parent to use in engaging advent with their kid . rain for root offer a new and creative resource , waiting song . the album is a joy to listen to , even a it draw out the difficulty of waiting , and help the listener to enter into the sometimes awkward liminal space of advent . here a track-by-track overview . 1. o come , o come , emmanuel the album begin with a beautiful , stripped down version of my favorite advent hymn . i have always taken this song to be the quintessential articulation of both advent ( so far ! ) of christ . what better place to begin a season of waiting ( until the son of god appear ) than with this classic prayer-hymn ? 2. come light our heart the full band is in on track 2 : guitar , piano , lot of great harmony , bass , banjo , drum .... sandra mccracken affirms , > for you , o lord , our soul in stillness wait > truly our hope is in you it is a compelling and reassuring waltz , giving language to those who wait . 3. isaiah 11 next is a twangy , string-bending , rollicking country-ish number . a little child will lead them , sing some wonderful mother ! partway through there is a child reading from isaiah 11:10 , using eugene petersons message . the song go from , a good , good king will lead them to , a good , good king will lead u . 4. every valley ( it is hard to wait ) have you ever wondered how to explain advent to a child ? this gentle bluesy , soulful song doe a great job : > when you write a letter to a friend > and you do not know when > you will hear back again > it is hard to wait > it is hard to wait > so hard to wait > when the one you love leaf on a plane > and you will know that she will > come back some day > it is hard to wait > it is hard to wait > so hard to wait but ! > there is gon na to be a day > every low valley he will raise > there is gon na to be a day > hill and mountain gon na be made plain > there is gon na be a day > winding road gon na be made straight > comfort , comfort , comfort , comfort ! i noticed it wa getting * awfully * dusty in my room a that song played . 5. the weight of the world i am not a lover of the kind of the stylized vocal that carry this track , but the song itself is -- like all the others -- a good one : memorable , meaningful , and singable . 6. mary console eve first of all , i just saw sister grace remingtons virgin mary console eve image last advent for the first time ever . and now there is a song that accompanies it perfectly : > almost , not yet , already > almost , not yet , already and > eve , it is mary > now i am a mother , too > the child i carry > a promise coming true > this baby come to save u from our sin > a servant king , his kingdom without end this whole album is so catchy and well-written -- even more so than their previous album on the kingdom of god , if that were possible ! -- and this is perhaps the song that will stick with listener the most . 7. zechariah zechariah is pretty funny , because not only is the story of zechariah speechlessness kind of funny ( in retrospect ! probably wasnt for him ) , but this song give kid and parent a chance to talk and sing in a babbling , tongue-tied manner . 8. magnificat magnificat is another catchy -- if somewhat somber -- tune . this track stand out le to me than some of the others , but that doesnt mean ill be hitting fast-forward when it come to track 8 on the album . flo paris oakess vocal and kenny hutsons guitar and mandolin work call to mind lead me on-era amy grant . 9. great rejoicing yet more beautiful lyric : > the trouble of this world > will wither up and die > that river of tear made by the lonely > someday will be dry > there is gon na be a great rejoicing also , while playing this song with my wife and three-year-old in the room , i asked my wife , do you like this music ? to which my * three-year-old * replied , i do like this music ! the pedal steel and skye petersons lead vocal partway through the song are icing on the cake . 10. come , thou long expected jesus waiting song end much a it began : with a beautiful , stripped down version of a classic advent hymn . ( side note to worship leader : yes , there are advent hymn in the hymnal ! and you should sing the few of them that exist a many time a you can in the four sunday leading up to christmas . ) rain for roots addition to the hymn will stay with you for day , even after your first time hearing it : > we are waiting > we are waiting > we are waiting for you . mccrackens hallelujah , what a savior ! background vocal float above the we are waiting , bringing the album to a satisfying close . advent purist ought to be able to overlook the use of the h-word during advent here . or doe hallelujah sung on top of we are waiting for you deliberately point to christ next advent , when he come again in glory ? i really love this record , not just for myself , but for my kid , and for any other kid and family that have the privilege of hearing it ! also , i am totally going to teach some of these song to our congregation during our intergenerational sunday school hour this advent . they are excellent . i wa a big fan of rain for roots previous album , too -- it is still on regular rotation in our house , especially on road trip . but waiting song even top the kingdom of heaven is like this . it is a remarkable record . -- -- -- thanks so much for the good folk at rain for root for the pre-release stream of the album so i could review it .
1	heard this on the radio today , almost changed the station till i realized he wasnt preaching hate , but acceptance . i bought the song immediately . i hope it make a change in attitude for everyone that ha hate inside them . said a special prayer for this kind gentleman .
1	if you are a sammi fan , you probably already have this . if you have not experienced sammi , this is a great place to start . classic sammi and without some of the experimental track she ha on release such a sammi v. sammi . all in chinese , although that doe not bother me . her voice is special .
1	if dan fogelberg and jackson browne had a baby , that off-spring would be drexel rayford . okay , i know i have created a disturbing image , but drexel ha the same gift for creating harmony and guitar lick a dan and jackson ( plus , i am sure i hear strain of america in there a well ) . the lyric on this album are sometimes quirky and hilarious ( trailer park job ) ; at others time , warm and tender ( warmth of living light ) . a spiritual maturity infuses this album - one that balance both the joy and pain that life throw our way . i hope folk will take a listen !
1	all it wa cracked up to be
1	i will keep this short , i grew up listening to sarah vaughan on 78 that my parent had . at 3 year old i would not go to sleep at night without listening to sarah or frank or even stan kenton . i am so delighted to find some of these old song . anybody that enjoys sade and alicia key should hear sarah sultry voice a she delivers on this tune and others .
1	this song is so sweet . beautiful voice , too . i had not heard of him before but i am headed to buy the album . in an odd way , his quiet intensity reminds of me of elliott smith .
1	i must say , listening to this track really make my day a lot better when i am down . it ha a great message and whenever you are down this track will without a doubt lift your spirit .
1	i had never heard of a great big world but last night when i watched xtina perform with them , i wa moved to tear . it is a beautiful song .
1	great music and fun lyric ! classic mcclinton . a must have for mcclinton fan .
1	excellent
1	heard this lady on pandora and this song really got my attention . she is a really good writer and singer .
1	this is just plain silly ... in spite of the fact that is wa and still is , politically incorrect .
1	fantastic ! ! ! ! !
1	amazing song : - )
1	really like this
1	a fun song from it time
1	beautiful rendition of a classic song ! well done .
1	david phelps can sing any style , yet this is one of his best ! you will hear a parable in song - worthy of praise and blessing . i believe i become teary-eyed every time i see or hear this number . do not hesitate - own it - you will love it and god bless you .
1	followed this band since i wa a kid , kansa ha amazed me since the beginning , another band worth sitting down with , and cranking up the volume . a truly inspirational piece indeed .. a little band out of kansa , hmmmmm , imagine that . awesome stuff , get it .
1	great
1	this guy just get better & better !
1	i am 23 year old and to all those old schoolers who think u younsters do not know anything about grown folk music , well i am hear to tell them that they are wrong ! i love me some kem . i remember when i first heard the sexy track love call , i just lit up . i have never felt so good . i thought he wa talking to me ! i thought to myself , if a man were to tell me those word , he would never have to worry about me . by being young , i do not know much about al jarro but kem is all i need to know about . i listen to this cd from track 1 - track 10. it is just sooo smooth . love call alone did it for me . i wished it had more song but it is a great debut . i look forward to much more .
1	happy , thank you !
1	praise god
1	god halloween music i recommend it to anyone that is thinking of playing halloween music and doe good for party excellent
1	just wonderful . this is true clean music that anyone can listen to . guy sebastian is a king at making music if you have not heard him .
1	cd is still super hot
1	gr8
1	i love every track on this cd !
1	very original songwriting and storyboard . this is a very good album for kid of all age and size ...
1	i have been a tony terry fan since the 80 and actually still have this in album form . two very strong hit in with you that i think actually went to # 1 r & b in the 80 and head over heel . he had another decent song in everlasting love . the rest wa pretty average ( i.e . two or three star maybe ) . it is hard to argue with the strength of with you and head over heel .
1	what can i say about downloading an mp3 . you pay download then listen . easy a pie even for an old guy .
1	i found this in my prime bargain and deal of the day spot . i use it to relax from stress or to help me sleep . it is great . thank you amazon !
1	it amazing i have started listening to song by petula clarke again , due to me exercising with richard simmons cd and hearing these song again it just took me back to my younger year when i used to listen and sing along with her song and love them so i downloaded my favorite and i just love listening to them
1	love this song ... it help me welcome summer day , with the thought of having fun with family and friend .
1	excellent !
1	i thought the song selection for this cd wa spot on ! the only song i wa disappointed that wa not on here wa marcella !
1	great cd.fast service . good song .
1	fantastic ! ! !
1	my 15month and 4 tear old love this cd . they dance and sing together . something they enjoy and can move around too .
1	drawing from the 1950s and 60 , guitar in the space age is bill frisells tribute to iconic guitar song of yesteryear . the album kick off with one of the most recognizable surf tune of all time , pipeline . dark and brooding , it is a stunning retelling that make for one of the effort highlight . lightening the mood , turn turn turn fill u with peace and good will . popularized by the byrd , this is a tribute to the memorable guitar work of david crosby and jim mcguinn . next up is the blue standard , messin with the kid . on this song , the funk is turned all the way up . thing settle down for a beautiful rendition of the beach boy surfer girl . it is appropriate that the band get dirty on link wrays rumble since it wa one of the only instrumental single to get banned from radio . the shortest day is a genteel original . duane eddy rebel rouser is pure twang . baja is light-hearted sonic joy . the country come out in merle travis great cannonball rag . greg leiszs steel guitar give these sort of song a warm twang . tired of waiting for you is a great retelling of the kink 1965 hit . to give a shout-out to yesterday six string hero would be incomplete without the jazz/country duo of speedy west and jimmy brant . featuring delicious chord change , the romance of west reflection from the moon make it another sparkler on this project . brant boogie honor one of the all-time great wizard of the fender telecaster . in this case , we are not talking about bill frisell but jimmy brant . a the title suggests , the theme of the album is great guitar song from the era of the space race . along these line , lift off is bill frisells moving original that would make a worthy soundtrack to the moon landing . the album close with joe meeks telstar . drawing from blue , country , folk/rock , pop , surf and rock & roll , guitar in the space age is eclectic . a a guitar-centric endeavor , this make for a fantastic instrumental album . bill frisells guitar work seems to have lost the artistic edge it once had . his sound ha evolved to become warmer and more accessible . minor keyed cerebral innovation ha been traded for enjoyment and warmth . this change should not be thought of a good or bad a there are benefit to both musical orientation . at fifty-six minute , this long playing album ha the potential to be frisells most popular release in year . it is sure to appeal to guitar enthusiast and those that enjoyed recent effort like < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/big-sur/dp/b00c5wr6je/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > big sur < /a > and < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/all-we-are-saying/dp/b005f9cors/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > all we are saying ... < /a > . fly to the moon a bill frisell play his favorite guitar song from the 1950s and 60 .
1	i love muse , and i love this song . they are awesome . i think i might buy the album . i can not wait .
1	this is probably going to be the best pink floyd tribute to their late pianist and keyboardist , richard wright . the blu-ray ha a lot to offer in the way of video , and the still photo during the video show off what really happened in the studio . i would highly recommend this for any die-hard pink floyd fan , and if you can get it on amazon.com a i did , then the wait will be well worth the effort a well . happy listening !
1	robert plant continued on very nicely after lz . i enjoy all of his recording , a great voice that ha aged well .
1	great song that did not make the hit record .
1	i loved this song ! ! ! proud 2nd monkee fan ... wonderful and sang it all the way home !
1	if you enjoyed basket of egg , the companion cd to the re-release of & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/blast-tyrant/dp/b004p05o98/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > blast tyrant < /a > , you will love this short collection . pigtown blue is the only completely new song , but it is definitely worth the purchase . it is not entirely acoustic , but it share the same stylings a the basket of egg song . the clutch staple of bluesy rock are present in fine form , with an up-tempo beat and classic neal fallon vocal . the organ make a welcome appearance in the background , and the guitar hook and fill are very satisfying . the second song is an acoustic version of motherless child , the best song from & nbsp ; < a data-hook=product-link-linked class=a-link-normal href=/strange-cousins-from-the-west/dp/b00292sqq2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ? ie=utf8 > strange cousin from the west < /a > . i think i prefer the version from the 2009 album , but this is still a good rendition . i love what clutch is doing with this new sound , and i hope they do more of it ( while i also would welcome some harder blast tyrant sound ) . easy choice if you are a clutch fan . pick it up .
1	good
1	who doe not love james taylor ? ! always respected him a a singer and songwriter , and this just add to that opinion !
1	another no-brainer . this sampler is jam-packed with great music and if you like latin music , it is a keeper . in the flavor of sergio mendez ( imo ) , i thoroughly enjoy this .
1	a great song by a great singer
1	great mix !
1	i have been a blink fan for over 14 year and i have to admit that i did not want to buy the album because tom wasnt in the band anymore . with that said now i have to admit that i wa wrong and this is the best album in year , blow away neighborhood . reminds me a lot of toypaj especially she is out of her mind that song sound like it should have been on toypaj . but then other song like los angeles are completely new and will make you want to hear it live .
1	love her music
1	( note : this album actually get 4 1/2 star . ) andy allo wear her influence on her sleeve , but manages to mix them in with her own style and aesthetic , making the end result sound just a it should . the extended ending of superconductor , people pleaser and if i wa king and when star collide are appreciable , a well a the dreamy sound . favorite track so far are nothing more and when star collide .
1	a star is born !
1	what an amazing group ! i love the diversity of their sound and the vocal trade-off they created with lynne nixon doing lead and the guy doing backround vocal and then switching to the guy doing the lead vocal and lynne doing backround vocal . it is very exciting . my only disappointment is that there is no more material available by them . amazon did a great job of delivering my package in just two day ,
1	great
1	the rothschild is not the one of the most memorable of all bock and harnick score . but , it is still a great score all unto itself . first of all , let me say , i met a gentemen at the forrest theatre in philadelphia on the opening night of the rothschild , and he said to me a the overture wa concluding , there is more music coming out of that pit than in most musical out there today . it is very true , this show is filled with some of the finest music you will ever hear . many people may not remember the show , but it heard not to remember the beautiful score that only jerry bock and sheldon harnick could compose . this is a lost treasure , so please take the time and rediscover a score that will please even the most critical of ear . i listen to it on regular basis , you see i think bock and harnick are master of the craft .
1	usually i do not listen to music like this but a soon i heard it off this girl site i wa hooked . best song on the cd i think is bonnie taylor shakedown [ 2k4 ] .
1	love this tune
1	cool britannia pop rock ? alternative ? uk women-fronted elastica rocked in the 1990s and beyond . the lyric and tone of voice are so insouciant yet powerful and on point . this catchy cut is still a favorite .
1	great anthem for singing when you need to charge up !
1	a fantastic album the production and melody are top-flight .
1	killer tune from start to finish . so how about that full album of song instead of release that ha one or two track on it ? these are the member who recorded xmas sux again ep . for the one who enjoy the cd pick this one up too while your at it .
1	since i bought the set of three cd , there is some duplication of course but they are good traveling music for the long car trip i take . some thing never get old .
1	matchbox general put out a good song ! i really do not like the fact that i have to say more in order to submit this
1	i purchased this for my husband for valentine day . he is most happy with the selection and the skill of ms. benedetti .
1	a i said before , they rock !
1	a a huge camron fan i wa not dissappointed by the album and it wa a step up from his last couple of album . the sad part is i do not think cam will ever get back to his prime in 03-04 but for cam fan this is good enough . vado wa a pleasant surprise and steal the album . i think the energy and the flow he ha get you hyped up when you are listening- even if you are getting lost in lyric like dirty kitch . not a groundbreaking album but a definite if you are a dipset fan .
1	enya is haunting music and good to the ear . a a listener i enjoy the track on this cd . buy it and you will like it !
1	great assortment of artist ! i had this set and played it so much , it wa ruined . i had to have another one , since i play it all the time !
1	good
1	it touch my heart , it is very uplifting . it make me think about what i will do when i do stand in his presence .
1	always reminds me of walking the camino . great movie and soundtrack ! the price wa right a well at $ 5 for the download and booklet .
1	reminds me of my youth in small town sweet innocent . happy time of youth when all that mattered wa having a friend you could be you around .
1	my girl love this , great seller
1	love the music . i have been looking for her cd for a long time . finally thought to check amazon . glad i did .
1	family friendly laugh abound in the sibling rivalry of the smother brother . my teenage niece roled her eye at first but soon she wa laughing too . the joke may be over forty year old , but they have stood the test of time .
1	love his song
1	great
1	i discovered this song while watching the grind the crack youtube video . this is an awesome , motivational song when i am working out .
1	what an amazing song ! !
1	this album is just one of the many incredible cd that have come from the heart of karen wheaton . this cd ha a blend of message . there is a god reassuring u of our heavenly father ; a friend called grace delivers a message of forgiveness and mercy , no matter who you are or what you have done . just be there is a heart gripping song from a parent to a child with the message that though the journey of life may be rough and you may stumble ... when it is all said and done and they stand before the throne of god , just be there . an anointed selection of song and heart felt ballad . karen wheaton is pure ministry .
1	love the movie & found myself trying to sing this little song , only to get stuck . thanks for having a nice , inexpensive way for me to enjoy the song !
1	toni dolces album is amazing , she is the female josh grobin . the lyric are beautiful and well thought out . i can not wait for her next album ! !
1	very relaxing . i use a background music in my classroom .
1	it is a nice inspirational song but i think kandi need to push herself more . she seems to be stuck in the middle and maybe todd can help her find her new u .
1	who doe not love this song .
1	it is my boyfriend ringtone ; )
1	love it
1	love this song
1	william murphy is very anointing . the word speak to you .
1	another classic timeless hit of marvin gayes ! these song always take me right back to the very first time i heard them !
